A compact photovoltaic generation assembly exhibiting improved photovoltaic efficiency and an extended operating life as compared to conventional photovoltaic systems is described. The assembly can also include a power supply for use at times when light energy is not readily available.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly comprising: at least one photovoltaic element having at least one surface for absorbing cold light energy; a light-impervious housing for preventing direct exposure of said photovoltaic element to a source of light energy; at least one light energy collector integral with said light-impervious housing; and at least one fiber optic element integral with said light energy collector for transferring said cold light energy to said photovoltaic element, whereby contacting said cold light energy with said photovoltaic element generates electrical energy. 2. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 1 wherein said light energy is solar energy. 3. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 1 wherein said at least one light energy collector is a lens. 4. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 1 wherein said at least one fiber optic element is a fiber optic bundle. 5. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 4 wherein said fiber optic bundle comprises a plurality of optical fibers. 6. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 5 wherein said optical fibers comprise glass. 7. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 1 wherein said at least one photovoltaic element has more than one surface for absorption of cold light energy. 8. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 1 further comprising at least one member insertable into said light-impervious housing wherein said at least one member has an internal reflective surface for reflecting said cold light energy to said at least one photovoltaic element. 9. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 8 wherein said internal reflective surface is a mirror. 10. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 8 wherein said at least one member is hemispherically shaped. 11. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 9 wherein said at least one member is hemispherically shaped. 12. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 7 further comprising at least one member insertable into said light-impervious housing wherein said at least one member has an internal reflective surface for reflecting said cold light energy to said at least one photovoltaic element. 13. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 12 wherein said internal reflective surface is a mirror. 14. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 12 wherein said at least one member is hemispherically shaped. 15. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 13 wherein said at least one member is hemispherically shaped. 16. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 1 further comprising at least one photovoltaic disk integral with said light-impervious housing wherein said disk comprises a plurality of optical fibers and at least one photovoltaic element. 17. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 7 further comprising at least one photovoltaic disk integral with said light-impervious housing wherein said disk comprises a plurality of optical fibers and at least one photovoltaic element. 18. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 8 further comprising at least one photovoltaic disk integral with said light-impervious housing wherein said disk comprises a plurality of optical fibers and at least one photovoltaic element. 19. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 1 further comprising at least one fiber optic-fresnel lens disk integral with said at least one fiber optic element wherein said disk comprises a fresnel lens coupled with a member comprising a plurality of fiber optic elements distributed throughout a surface and a housing for said disk. 20. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 7 further comprising at least one fiber optic-fresnel lens disk integral with said at least one fiber optic element wherein said disk comprises a fresnel lens coupled with a member comprising a plurality of fiber optic elements distributed throughout a surface and a housing for said disk. 21. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 8 further comprising at least one fiber optic-fresnel lens disk integral with said at least one fiber optic element wherein said disk comprises a fresnel lens coupled with a member comprising a plurality of fiber optic elements distributed throughout a surface and a housing for said disk. 22. A photovoltaic (PV) power supply comprising: at least one photovoltaic element having at least one surface for absorbing cold light energy; a plurality of rechargeable batteries in electrical communication with said at least one photovoltaic element; a light-impervious housing for preventing direct exposure of said photovoltaic element to a source of light energy; at least one light energy collector integral with said light-impervious housing; and at least one fiber optic element integral with said light energy collector for transferring said cold light energy to said photovoltaic element, whereby contacting said cold light energy with said photovoltaic element generates electrical energy. 23. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 22 further comprising a housing for said plurality of rechargeable batteries. 24. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 22 further comprising a voltage inverter in electrical communication with said plurality of rechargeable batteries. 25. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 22 wherein said at least one light energy collector is a lens. 26. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 22 wherein said at least one fiber optic element is a fiber optic bundle. 27. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 26 wherein said fiber optic bundle comprises a plurality of optical fibers. 28. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 27 wherein said optical fibers comprise glass. 29. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 22 wherein said photovoltaic element has more than one surface for absorption of cold light energy. 30. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 22 further comprising at least one member insertable into said light-impervious housing wherein said at least one member has an internal reflective surface for reflecting said cold light energy to said at least one photovoltaic element. 31. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 30 wherein said internal reflective surface is a mirror. 32. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 30 wherein said at least one member is hemispherically shaped. 33. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 31 wherein said at least one member is hemispherically shaped. 34. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 29 further comprising at least one member insertable into said light-impervious housing wherein said at least one member has an internal reflective surface for reflecting said cold light energy to said at least one photovoltaic element. 35. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 34 wherein said internal reflective surface is a mirror. 36. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 34 wherein said at least one member is hemispherically shaped. 37. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 35 wherein said at least one member is hemispherically shaped. 38. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 22 further comprising at least one photovoltaic disk integral with said light-impervious housing wherein said disk comprises a plurality of optical fibers and at least one photovoltaic element. 39. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 29 further comprising at least one photovoltaic disk integral with said light-impervious housing wherein said disk comprises a plurality of optical fibers and at least one photovoltaic element. 40. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 30 further comprising at least one photovoltaic disk integral with said light-impervious housing wherein said disk comprises a plurality of optical fibers and at least one photovoltaic element. 41. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 22 further comprising at least one fiber optic-fresnel lens disk integral with said at least one fiber optic element wherein said disk comprises a fresnel lens coupled with a member having a plurality of fiber optic elements distributed throughout a surface and a housing for said disk. 42. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 29 further comprising at least one fiber optic-fresnel lens disk integral with said at least one fiber optic element wherein said disk comprises a fresnel lens coupled with a member having a plurality of fiber optic elements distributed throughout a surface and a housing for said disk. 43. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 30 further comprising at least one fiber optic-fresnel lens disk integral with said at least one fiber optic element wherein said disk comprises a fresnel lens coupled with a member having a plurality of fiber optic elements distributed throughout a surface and a housing for said disk. 44. A kit for assembling a photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly, comprising: at least one photovoltaic element; a light-impervious housing; at least one light energy collector; and at least one fiber optic element. 45. The kit as in claim 44 further comprising at least one member having an internal reflective surface. 46. The kit as in claim 44 further comprising at least one photovoltaic disk; said disk comprising a plurality of optical fibers and at least one photovoltaic element. 47. The kit as in claim 45 further comprising at least one photovoltaic disk; said disk comprising a plurality of optical fibers and at least one photovoltaic element. 48. The kit as in claim 44 further comprising at least one fiber optic-fresnel lens disk; said disk comprising a fresnel lens, a member having a plurality of fiber optic elements distributed throughout a surface and a housing for said disk. 49. The kit as in claim 45 further comprising at least one fiber optic-fresnel lens disk; said disk comprising a fresnel lens, a member having a plurality of fiber optic elements distributed throughout a surface and a housing for said disk. 50. A kit for assembling a photovoltaic (PV) power supply comprising: at least one photovoltaic element; a plurality of rechargeable batteries; a light-impervious housing; at least one light energy collector; and at least one fiber optic element. 51. The kit as in claim 50 further comprising a housing for said plurality of rechargeable batteries. 52. The kit as in claim 50 further comprising a voltage inverter. 53. The kit as in claim 51 further comprising a voltage inverter. 54. The kit as in claim 50 further comprising at least one member having an internal reflective surface. 55. The kit as in claim 50 further comprising at least one photovoltaic disk; said disk comprising a plurality of optical fibers and at least one photovoltaic element. 56. The kit as in claim 54 further comprising at least one photovoltaic disk; said disk comprising a plurality of optical fibers and at least one photovoltaic element. 57. The kit as in claim 50 further comprising at least one fiber optic-fresnel lens disk; said disk comprising a fresnel lens, a member having a plurality of fiber optic elements distributed throughout a surface and a housing for said disk. 58. The kit as in claim 54 further comprising at least one fiber optic-fresnel lens disk; said disk comprising a fresnel lens, a member having a plurality of fiber optic elements distributed throughout a surface and a housing for said disk. 