A motorized axle for use in vehicles comprising: a stator block, a stator, a rotor, at least two bearings, and an axle; the stator block comprising an upper member and a lower member for use in providing a housing for the stator and rotor; the stator comprising at least one armature coil for forming a rotating magnetic field; the rotor comprising a set of permanent magnets; the axle comprising an axle drive line having a first end and a second end, the axle drive line being elongate and adapted to define the width of a vehicle; the bearings are disposed around the rotor shaft circumferentially.
Claims 1. A motorized axle for use in vehicles comprising: a stator block, a stator, a rotor, at least two bearings, and an axle; the stator block comprising an upper member and a lower member for use in providing a housing for the stator and rotor; the stator comprising at least one armature coil for forming a rotating magnetic field; the rotor comprising a set of permanent magnets; the axle comprising an axle drive line having a first end and a second end, the axle drive line being elongate and adapted to define the width of a vehicle; the bearings are disposed around the rotor shaft circumferentially. 2. The motorized axle of claim 1 wherein the motorized axle further comprises longitudinal channels for the purpose of passing a cooling liquid or a cooling gas through the motorized axle. 3. The motorized axle of claim 2 wherein the motorized axle further comprises longitudinal channels for the purpose of passing a cooling liquid. 4. The motorized axle of claim 2 wherein the motorized axle further comprises longitudinal channels for the purpose of passing a cooling gas. 5. The motorized axle of claim 2 further comprising a cooling pump. 6. The motorized axle of claim 5 further comprising a liquid cooled stator block, the liquid cooled block is passed through the longitudinal channels for the purpose of cooling the stator block. 7. The motorized axle of claim 5 wherein the rotor is composed of titanium. 8. The motorized axle of claim 5 wherein the rotor is composed of a composite alloy. 9. The motorized axle of claim 1 wherein the motorized axle comprises at least two motorized axles and a differential; the two motorized axles are disposed on opposite sides of the differential. 10. The motorized axle of claim 1 wherein the rotor is hollow for the purpose of allowing air cooling. 11. The motorized axle of claim 9 wherein each motorized axle further comprises at least 3 bearings disposed in between the rotor and the stator to allow the rotor to freely spin within the stator block. 12. The motorized axle of claim 11 wherein the axle further comprises grooves disposed circumferentially, the grooves incorporating indicia for the purpose of discerning the location and speed of the rotor. 13. The motorized axle of claim 11 further comprising optical sensors for the purpose of monitoring the rotor. 14. The motorized axle of claim 9 wherein the Motorized axle is adapted for use with solar technology to charge a battery and a capacitor storage apparatus. 15. The motorized axle of claim 9 wherein the coils are detachably disposed inside the stator block and are easily removed and replaced. 16. The motorized axle of claim 9 wherein the rotor magnets are detachably disposed and easily removed from the rotor by means of a rotor cylinder which houses the rotor and is affixed with the axle. 17. The motorized axle of claim 9 further comprising a power system; the power system comprising a CPU, a battery, an optical scanner; the CPU is in communication with the battery. 18. The motorized axle of claim 17 wherein the motorized axle, having both motor and generator functions to form one driving source for driving wheels of a vehicle and serve as a generating source for generating electric power; the motorized axle generates electric power to charge said battery by utilizing a regenerative braking in a deceleration of said vehicle. 19. The motorized axle of claim 18 further comprising an inverter, the inverter charges said battery by utilizing residual electric power when said electric motor generates excessive electric power. 20. A motorized axle and generator having both motor and generator functions to form one driving source for driving wheels of a vehicle and serve as a generating source for generating electric power; the motorized axle and generator generates electric power to charge said battery by utilizing a regenerative braking in a deceleration of said hybrid vehicle comprising: a power system, an ECU, an inverter, and a motorized axle; the motorized axle comprising: a stator block, a stator, a rotor, at least two bearings, and an axle; the stator block comprising an upper member and a lower member for use in providing a housing for the stator and rotor; the stator comprising at least one set of armature coils for forming a rotating magnetic field; the rotor comprising a set of permanent magnets; the axle comprising an axle drive line having a first end and a second end, the axle drive line being elongate and adapted to define the width of a vehicle; the bearings are disposed around the rotor shaft circumferentially. 