A fixedly mountable event recorder for a railcar for monitoring performance of a brake system thereof includes (a) at least one port for receiving air from one or more brake system components; (b) at least one sensor for determining a pressure of the air received from the one or more brake system components; (c) a processor operative for analyzing the determined pressure to determine an operational condition of the brake system; and (d) an indicator configured to visually convey the operational condition of the brake system. The indicator includes a plurality of activatable visual indicia corresponding to a plurality of predefined operational condition status qualifiers associated with a corresponding plurality of predefined ranges of operational conditions. The predefined ranges of operational conditions are defined as a function of expected pressures associated with the respective one or more brake system components during corresponding operational conditions thereof.
Claims 1. A fixedly mountable event recorder for a railcar for monitoring performance of a brake system thereof, the event recorder comprising: at least one port for receiving air from one or more brake system components; at least one sensor for determining a pressure of the air received from the one or more brake system components; a processor operative for analyzing the determined pressure to determine an operational condition of the brake system; and an indicator configured to visually convey the operational condition of the brake system. 2. The event recorder of claim 1, wherein the indicator includes a plurality of activatable visual indicia corresponding to a plurality of predefined operational condition status qualifiers associated with a corresponding plurality of predefined ranges of operational conditions. 3. The event recorder of claim 2, wherein the predefined ranges of operational conditions are defined as a function of expected pressures associated with the respective one or more brake system components during corresponding operational conditions thereof. 4. The event recorder of claim 3, wherein the processor is operative for comparing the determined pressures of the one or more brake system components to the expected pressures associated with the respective one or more brake system components to determine the operational condition of the brake system. 5. The event recorder of claim 3, wherein the processor is operative for applying an algorithm to the respective determined pressures to determine the operational condition of the brake system. 6. The event recorder of claim 2, wherein the plurality of predefined operational condition status qualifiers is selected from the group comprising normal operation, abnormal operation and inspection needed. 7. The event recorder of claim 6, wherein the plurality of activatable visual indicia includes a lighting arrangement. 8. The event recorder of claim 7, wherein the lighting arrangement is comprised of one or more LEDs. 9. The event recorder of claim 8, wherein the one or more LEDs are configured to emit a distinct color corresponding to a respective predefined operational condition status qualifier. 10. The event recorder of claim 2, wherein the processor is operative for establishing a signal representative of the operational condition of the brake system and the indicator is configured to visually convey the operational performance of the brake system based upon the signal representative of the operational condition of the brake system. 11. The event recorder of claim 1, wherein the at least one sensor is a transducer. 12. The event recorder of claim 11, further comprising an analog-to-digital converter configured to convert an analog voltage received from the transducer into a digital signal representative of the respective determined pressure. 13. The event recorder of claim 1, wherein the one or more brake system components is selected from the group comprising an emergency reservoir, an auxiliary reservoir, a brake pipe and a brake cylinder. 14. The event recorder of claim 1, further comprising memory for storing the determined pressure. 15. The event recorder of claim 1, further comprising a communications port communicatively connected to the processor and configured to transmit the determined pressure external from the event recorder. 16. The event recorder of claim 15, wherein the communications port is a wired or wireless data transmission interface. 17. The event recorder of claim 1, further comprising a power source, wherein the power source is a battery, an air generator powered by brake cylinder exhaust or a solar array. 18. A fixedly mountable event recorder for a railcar for monitoring performance of a brake system thereof, the event recorder comprising: a first, second, third and fourth port for receiving air from an emergency reservoir, an auxiliary reservoir, a brake pipe and a brake cylinder of the brake system, respectively; a first, second, third and fourth transducer each configured to determine the pressure of the respective air received and convert the determined pressure into a corresponding analog signal; an analog-to-digital converter communicatively connected to each of the transducers and configured to convert each of the analog signals into data; a processor communicatively connected to the analog-to-digital converter and operative for analyzing the data to determine an operational condition of the brake system and transmitting a signal representative of the operational condition; and a lighting arrangement connected to the processor, wherein the lighting arrangement corresponds to a plurality of predefined operational condition status qualifiers associated with a corresponding plurality of predefined ranges of operational conditions, wherein the predefined operational condition status qualifiers are equated to normal and abnormal operational conditions of the brake system, wherein the predefined ranges of operational conditions are defined as a function of expected pressures associated with the respective one or more brake system components during corresponding operational conditions thereof. 19. The event recorder of claim 18, further comprising memory for storing the data and a communications port configured to transmit the data external from the event recorder. 20. A method for monitoring performance of a brake system of a railcar, the method comprising the steps of: receiving air from an emergency reservoir, an auxiliary reservoir, a brake pipe and a brake cylinder of the brake system; determining the pressure of the respective air received; analyzing the determined pressure to determine an operational condition of the brake system; and visually conveying the condition of the brake system by either activating: a first visual indicia, wherein the first visual indicia correspond to a normal operational condition of the brake system; or a second visual indicia, wherein the second visual indicia correspond to an abnormal operational condition of the brake system, wherein the receipt of the respective air, the determination of the pressure, the analysis of the determined pressure and the visual conveyance of the condition of the brake system are performed entirely on board the railcar. 