The invention relates to a frame assembly for mounting solar modules (1), said frame assembly comprising at least two flat frames which are arranged at a distance, preferably forming a triangle respectively with the frame sides (2, 3, 4) thereof, respectively one frame side (4) being inclined in relation to the surface of the ground or the roof (5). Carrier profiled parts (6, 7) which can be respectively displaced and fixed and are used to support and fix a solar module (1) are respectively arranged on two adjacent frames on the inclined side (4) of the frame. The carrier profiled parts (6, 7) are used to ensure the connection to the adjacently arranged frame sides (2, 3) in such a way that they can be displaced and fixed in relation to each other. The frame sides (2, 3) are also connected in such a way that they can be displaced and fixed in relation to each other and/or comprise at least one length adjustment device.
Claims 1. Frame assembly for the mounting of solar modules consisting of at least two flat frames positioned spaced apart and having a first second and third frame side whereby respectively the third of said frame side is configured at an inclination to a floor or roof surface, first and second carrier profile elements for the supporting and fastening of a solar module are respectively movably and fastenably positioned on the third frame side, the second and first carrier profile elements are respectively connected with the first and second of said frame sides adjacent to the third frame side, the first and second frame sides are movably and fastenably connected with one another and include at least one length adjustment arrangement and the first frame side has one or more connections to the roof or floor surface. 2. Frame assembly according to claim 1, wherein the first, second, and third frame sides form a triangular frame. 3. Frame assembly according to claim 1, wherein the first and second carrier profile elements are respectively positioned in an end region of the frame side in such a way that they are movable thereon at least partially beyond the end of the third frame side. 4. Frame assembly according to claim 1, wherein the connection of the second carrier profile element with the first frame side is achieved by way of a third carrier profile element movably positioned on the first frame side and connected with the second carrier profile element. 5. Frame assembly according to claim, wherein the connection of the first and second frame sides is formed by a fourth carrier profile element which is movable on the first frame side and rigidly connected with the second frame side. 6. Frame assembly according to claim 1, to wherein the connection of the first carrier profile element with a the second frame side is movable and lockable. 7. Frame assembly according to claim 1, wherein the first, second, and third frame sides each have an angular profile, a U profile, or a T profile. 8. Frame assembly according to claim 5, wherein each carrier profile element has a T profile, having a leg and a foot, wherein the leg comprises a transition region adjacent to the foot said transition region having a U profile, which U profile forms a box profile together with the foot. 9. Frame assembly according to claim 8, wherein the inner dimensions of the box profile are selected such that the respective profile of the frame sides can be inserted into the box profile with slight play and fastened. 10. Frame assembly according to claim 8, wherein a solar module is supported on less than half the foot and fastened to the foot by a solar module clamp positioned in the middle of the foot. 11. Frame assembly according to claim 8, wherein the foot has a thickening which extends in the middle into the box profile. 12. Frame assembly according to claim 8, wherein the second and third carrier profile elements are connected to each other wherein the first and fourth carrier elements are connected to the second frame side, and wherein said connections occur in the leg region of the T profile of the respective carrier profile elements. 13. Frame assembly according to claim 7, wherein the second frame side, not fastened to the roof or floor surface, has a T profile having a leg and a foot, whereby about half the width of the foot is used for fastening of a cladding. 14. Frame assembly according to claim 1, wherein by rotating the triangular frame assembly, consisting of the first, second, and third frame sides in the frame assembly plane, the first frame side previously used for the fastening to the roof or floor surface, is used as the frame side for the fastening of the solar module and vices versa. 15. Frame assembly according to claim 1, wherein the first, second, and third frame sides form a right triangular frame. 