A heat insulating window comprises a pair of outer glass panes, held apart by a spacing member and surrounded by a frame enclosing at least one photovoltaic cell. In a preferred embodiment a conduit system providing gas communication to the air space between the glass panes includes a desiccant.
Claims 1. A heat insulation window comprising: (a) a pair of glass panes defining an interior air space therebetween; (b) a spacing member disposed between said glass panes which maintain the panes in a spaced-apart relationship; (c) at least one photovoltaic cell disposed between said glass panes; and (d) a frame surrounding a perimeter of the window, wherein the frame comprises a conduit means for providing gas communication through the frame to the air space. 2. The heat insulation window of claim 1 wherein said conduit means comprises a desiccant. 3. The heat insulation window of claims 1 or 2 wherein said at least one photovoltaic cell is laminated to one of said glass panes. 4. The heat insulation window of claims 1-3 wherein said frame encloses an interior space and comprises an access means through said frame to said interior space. 5. The heat insulation window of claim 1 or 2 wherein the spacing member defines an internal volume in gas communication with the air space between the glass panes, and further comprising a dessicant disposed within the internal volume. 6. The heat insulation window of claim 5 wherein said at least one photovoltaic cell is electrically connected to a three pole disconnect direct current switch and an inverter. 7. A heat insulation window comprising: (a) a pair of glass panes defining an air space therebetween and having a photovoltaic cell disposed within the airspace; (b) a spacing member disposed between the glass panes which maintain the panes in a spaced-apart relationship, the spacing member being hollow and defining openings permitting gas communication between the air space and the interior volume of the spacing member; (c) a desiccant material contained within the spacing member; and (d) a frame surrounding a perimeter of the window, wherein the frame comprises: (i) at least one desiccant concealing member which is hollow and detachable from the frame; ii) a desiccant cartridge removably disposed within the desiccant concealing member and (iii) conduit means for providing gas communication between the air space and the desiccant cartridge. 8. The window of claim 7 wherein the conduit means provides gas communication between the interior volume of the spacing member and the desiccant cartridge. 9. The window of claim 7 wherein the desiccant cartridge comprises an elongated cylindrical tube. 10. The window of claim 7 wherein the desiccant concealing member is elongated and has a substantially U-shaped cross-sectional profile. 11. The window of claim 10 wherein the cross-sectional profile comprises two linear segments joining at a substantially right angle. 12. The window of claim 7 wherein the frame comprises an outer channel member, an inner channel member, a web member disposed between the outer and inner channel members, wherein the desiccant concealing member is detachably connected to the inner channel member. 13. The window of claim 10 wherein the desiccant concealing member is comprised of a resilient material and comprises a first lip and a second lip which each engage an undercut groove in the inner channel member. 