A solar heating system for mounting under a roof includes a panel formed of a sheet material, the panel having substantially opposed first and second surfaces and adapted for attachment under the roof with the first surface substantially facing the roof. A plurality of tubing fasteners extend outward from the second surface of the panel, and at least one run of tubing is held against the second surface of the panel by the plurality of tubing fasteners. The plurality of tubing fasteners can be partially cut-out and bent portions of the sheet material. The system can also include a sidewall formed by folding a portion of the sheet material toward the second surface along a line of weakness and standoff tabs extending from the first surface formed as partially cut-out and bent portions of the sheet material.
Claims 1. A solar heating system for mounting under a roof, the assembly comprising: a panel formed of a sheet material, the panel having substantially opposed first and second surfaces and adapted for attachment under the roof with the first surface substantially facing the roof; a plurality of tubing fasteners extending outward from the second surface of the panel; and at least one run of tubing held against the second surface of the panel by the plurality of tubing fasteners. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of tubing fasteners are partially cut-out and bent portions of the sheet material. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein each of the plurality of tubing fasteners has a holding portion with first and second edges extending between substantially opposed ends through which the tubing runs, the first edge adjoining the panel and the second edge spaced away from the panel. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the plurality of tubing fasteners are arranged in at least one row with the ends of adjacent tubing fasteners in the row being substantially aligned such that the tubing runs approximately straight therethrough. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein a length of each tubing fastener in the row is approximately equal to a distance between adjacent tubing fasteners in the row. 6. The system of claim 4, wherein the first edges of adjacent tubing fasteners in the row adjoin the panel at alternating sides of their respective holding portions. 7. The system of claim 3, wherein the holding portion of each tubing fastener has a curved cross-section between the first and second edges. 8. The system of claim 6, wherein the second edge is closer to the panel than an apex of the curved cross-section. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein a plurality of standoff tabs extend from the first surface of the panel. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the plurality of standoff tabs are partially cut-out and bent portions of the sheet material. 11. The system of claim 1, further comprising at least one sidewall extending from an edge of the panel, wherein the sidewall is formed by folding a portion of the sheet material toward the second surface. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the sheet material is folded along a line of weakness to form the sidewall. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein at least one other line of weakness is formed proximate and approximately parallel to the line of weakness along which the sheet material is folded. 14. The system of claim 10, wherein the sidewall portion includes a plurality of penetrations formed therethrough to facilitate attachment to a truss. 15. The system of claim 1, further comprising an insulating member underlying the panel. 16. An under-roof panel assembly comprising: a panel formed of a sheet material, the panel having substantially opposed first and second surfaces and adapted for attachment under the roof with the first surface substantially facing the roof; and a plurality of tubing fasteners extending outward from the second surface of the panel. 17. The assembly of claim 16, wherein the plurality of tubing fasteners are partially cut-out and bent portions of the sheet material. 18. The assembly of claim 16, wherein a plurality of standoff tabs extend from the first surface of the panel. 19. The assembly of claim 18, wherein the plurality of standoff tabs are partially cut-out and bent portions of the sheet material. 20. The assembly of claim 16, further comprising at least one sidewall extending from an edge of the panel. 21. The assembly of claim 20, wherein the sidewall is formed by folding a portion of the sheet material toward the second surface. 22. The assembly of claim 21, wherein the sheet material is folded along a line of weakness to form the sidewall. 23. The assembly of claim 22, wherein at least one other line of weakness is formed proximate and approximately parallel to the line of weakness along which the sheet material is folded. 24. A method for forming an under-roof panel assembly, the method comprising steps of: forming a plurality of fasteners in a sheet material having substantially opposed first and second surfaces by partially cutting out and folding portions of the sheet material to extend from the second surface thereof; and forming at least two sidewalls by folding edge portions of the sheet material toward the second surface. 25. The method of claim 24, further comprising a step of forming a plurality of standoff tabs by partially cutting out and folding additional portions of the sheet material to extend from the first surface thereof, the plurality of standoff tabs being dimensioned to prevent interference between the solar heating panel assembly and roofing attachment means. 