A system for monitoring railroad cars comprising a hatch cover assembly including a cover body, a sensor, a wireless transmitter for transmitting data received from the sensor, a wireless receiver for receiving the data from the wireless transmitter, and a satellite transmitter for transmitting the data to a satellite. The wireless receiver and the satellite transmitter are attached to the hatch cover assembly. In one embodiment, the sensor is a pressure sensor having a sensing unit situated in the plenum of a vented hatch cover. In another embodiment, the sensor is an air flow sensor having a sensing unit situated in the plenum of a vented hatch cover. In another embodiment, the sensor is a chain tension sensor attached to a handbrake chain. In another embodiment, the sensor is a hatch cover position attached to the hatch cover assembly.
Claims 1. A system for monitoring a railroad car comprising; a hatch cover assembly including a cover body; a wireless transmitter; a wireless receiver for receiving data from said wireless transmitter; a satellite transmitter for transmitting said data to a satellite; and wherein said wireless receiver and said satellite transmitter are attached to said hatch cover assembly. 2. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 1 wherein said cover body has a plurality of walls defining an air intake passage and an air discharge passage, said hatch cover assembly further includes a discharge filter element disposed over said air discharge passage, said discharge filter element defines a pocket, said wireless receiver and said satellite transmitter are situated in said pocket. 3. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 2 wherein said discharge filter element defines an opening to said pocket, said opening is directed towards said cover body. 4. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 2 wherein said discharge filter element has a flame; said frame includes an outer annular disk portion, a narrow beam portion and a broad beam portion connected to the disk portion; said broad beam portion includes a container defining said pocket. 5. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 2 further comprising a battery situated in said pocket defined in said discharge filter element. 6. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 5 wherein said battery is a rechargeable battery. 7. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 6 further comprising a solar panel attached to said cover body of said hatch cover assembly for charging said rechargeable battery. 8. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 7 further comprising a wire electrically connecting said solar panel to said rechargeable battery, said cover body defines a hole at a bottom surface of the cover body, said wire routed through said hole. 9. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 1 wherein said wireless receiver and said satellite transmitter are overmolded by said cover body. 10. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 9 wherein said wireless receiver and said satellite transmitter are encased by a heat insulating material. 11. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 10 wherein said heat insulating material is a foamed material. 12. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 1 wherein said cover body has a plurality of walls defining an air intake passage, an air discharge passage and a plenum extending from said intake passage to said air discharge passage; said system further comprising a pressure sensor having a sensing unit situated in said plenum, said wireless transmitter adapted for transmitting data from said pressure sensor to said wireless receiver. 13. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 1 wherein said cover body has a plurality of walls defining an air intake passage, an air discharge passage and a plenum extending from said intake passage to said air discharge passage; said system further comprising an air flow sensor having a sensing unit situated in said plenum, said wireless transmitter adapted for transmitting data from said air flow sensor to said wireless receiver. 14. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 1 further comprising a chain tension sensor attached to a handbrake chain, said wireless transmitter adapted for transmitting information from said chain tension sensor to said wireless receiver. 15. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 1 further comprising a hatch cover position sensor attached to said hatch cover, said wireless transmitter adapted for transmitting information from said hatch cover position sensor to said wireless receiver. 16. A system for monitoring a railroad car comprising: a sensor; a wireless transmitter for transmitting data from said sensor; a wireless receiver for receiving said data from said wireless sensor; and a satellite transmitter for transmitting said data to a satellite. 17. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 16 wherein said sensor is a pressure sensor having a sensing unit situated in a plenum of a vented hatch cover. 18. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 17 wherein said pressure sensor is a diaphragm pressure sensor. 19. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 16 wherein said sensor is an air velocity sensor having a sensing unit situated in a plenum of a vented hatch cover. 20. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 19 wherein said air velocity sensor is a rotating vane anemometer. 21. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 16 wherein said sensor is a chain tension sensor attached to a handbrake chain. 22. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 21 further comprising a bar slidably mounted on a housing, said bar attached to a link of the handbrake chain, said chain sensor adapted to sense movement of said bar relative to said housing. 23. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 22 wherein said chain sensor is positioned in said housing. 24. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 22 wherein said housing defines a slot, said bar is slidable along said slot. 25. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 22 further comprising a spring attached to said bar. 26. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 22 further comprising a second housing, said bar is slidably mounted on said second housing. 27. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 16 wherein said sensor is hatch cover position sensor attached to a hatch cover assembly. 28. The system for monitoring a railroad car as claimed in claim 27 further comprising a magnet mounted on the railroad car and wherein said hatch cover position sensor is a proximity switch. 