A golf course monitoring system and method of monitoring a golf course is disclosed. The system comprises a display unit comprising a display, a wireless signal receiver coupled to the display and a photovoltaic power source configured to provide power to the display and the receiver; and a camera unit comprising a camera, a wireless signal transmitter coupled to the camera and a photovoltaic cell for providing power to the camera and the transmitter. The transmitter is configured to transmit a wireless signal from the camera representative of a visual status of a portion of a golf course to the receiver to be displayed on the display
Claims 1. A method of monitoring an area of a golf course comprising: providing a display unit at a location on the golf course where a first golfer is likely to hit from, the display unit comprising a display, a wireless signal receiver, a switch, and a first photovoltaic power source; powering the display and receiver with the first photovoltaic power source; providing a camera unit directed at an area of the golf course not visible to the golfer located in the likely hitting location, the camera unit comprising a camera, a wireless signal transmitter, and a second photovoltaic power source; powering the camera and transmitter with the second photovoltaic power source; transmitting wireless signals received from the camera to the receiver; the golfer activating the display by operating a switch; displaying an image on the display of the area not visible to the golfer. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the display unit further comprises a timer, and wherein the step of displaying the image on the display further comprises turning off the display after a predetermined amount of time set by the timer. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the display unit further comprises an audio recorder and a speaker, and further comprising the step of recording an audio message and playing the audio message upon activation of the switch. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein the display unit further comprises a battery, and the step of powering the display unit comprises powering the display and receiver with the first photovoltaic power source and/or the batter. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein the area of the golf course is not visible to the golfer due to an obstacle located between the area and the golfer. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein the area of the golf course is the pin placement. 7. The method of claim 1 further comprising displaying information content on the display. 8. The method of claim 7 further comprising interrupting the information content to display the image on the display of the area not visible to the golfer. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein the information content comprises one or more of an advertisement, golf course information, weather advisories, messages, announcements, or combinations thereof. 10. A golf course monitoring system comprising: a display unit comprising a display, a wireless signal receiver coupled to the display and a photovoltaic power source configured to provide power to the display and the receiver; a camera unit comprising a camera, a wireless signal transmitter coupled to the camera and a photovoltaic cell for providing power to the camera and the transmitter; wherein the transmitter transmits a wireless signal from the camera representative of a visual status of a portion of a golf course to the receiver to be displayed on the display. 11. The golf course monitoring system of claim 10 wherein the visual status is a real time still image of the portion of the golf course. 12. The golf course monitoring system of claim 10 wherein the visual status is a real time video image of the portion of the golf course. 13. The golf course monitoring system of claim 10 wherein the visual status is an image of one of a green, blind area, predetermined distance, or combination thereof. 14. The golf course monitoring system of claim 10 wherein the display unit further comprises a battery configured to provide power to the display or the receiver when power from the photovoltaic cells is not sufficient to operate the display or the receiver. 15. The golf course monitoring system of claim 10 wherein the camera unit further comprises a battery configured to provide power to the display or the transmitter when power from the photovoltaic cells is not sufficient to operate the display or the transmitter. 16. The golf course monitoring system of claim 10 wherein the display unit further comprises a housing configured to enclose the display and the receiver. 17. The golf course monitoring system of claim 10 wherein the camera is a video camera. 18. The golf course monitoring system of claim 10 wherein the transmitter transmits a series of images taken over a predetermined period of time. 19. The golf course monitoring system of claim 10 further comprising a relay unit comprising a receiver, transmitter, and a photovoltaic cell configured to provide power to the transmitter and the receiver and configured to receive the wireless signal from the camera unit and transmit the signal wirelessly to the display unit. 20. The golf course monitoring system of claim 10 wherein the display unit is located near one of a tee-box or a blind spot. 21. The golf course monitoring system of claim 10 further comprising a remote monitoring unit comprising a display and a receiver wherein the receiver of the remote monitoring unit receives the wireless signal from the camera unit and displays the video status or records the video status. 22. A golf course monitoring system comprising: a display unit comprising: a display; a wireless signal receiver coupled to the display; a switch configured to turn the display on; a timer configured to turn the display off after a predetermined amount of time after actuation of the switch; and a photovoltaic power source configured to provide power to the display and the receiver; a camera unit comprising a camera, a wireless signal transmitter coupled to the camera and a photovoltaic cell for providing power to the camera and the transmitter; wherein the transmitter transmits a wireless signal from the camera representative of a visual status of a portion of a golf course to the receiver to be displayed on the display. 23. The golf course monitoring system of claim 22 wherein the switch is a push button switch. 24. The golf course monitoring system of claim 22 further comprising a first support member to provide structural support to the display unit, and a second support member to provide structural support to the camera unit. 25. The golf course monitoring system of claim 22 wherein the display unit and/or the camera unit further comprise a speaker configured to produce a prerecorded sound. 26. The golf course monitoring system of claim 25 wherein the prerecorded sound is one or more of an alarm, advertisement, golf course information, weather advisory, messages, announcements, or combinations thereof. 27. The golf course monitoring system of claim 25 wherein prerecorded sound is transmitted from the clubhouse. 28. The golf course monitoring system of claim 22 wherein the display unit further comprises a wireless transmitter configured to transmit the wireless signal received from the camera unit. 