The present invention relates to a controller for providing a vehicle with autonomous control. The controller preferably provides path planning to an autonomous vehicle.
Claims 1. An autonomous vehicle controller for providing autonomous control to a vehicle, comprising: a vehicle interface that communicates with the vehicle and provides instructions to the vehicle regarding acceleration, braking, steering or a combination thereof; an operator interface that communicates with and receives instructions from an operator, the instructions including task instructions, path planning information or both; an environmental sensor array that receives sensor data from the vehicle and communicates the sensor data to the to the vehicle interface such data including vehicle speed, compass heading, absolute position, relative position or a combination thereof; and a processing unit having software for communicating with the vehicle interface, the operator interface, the environmental sensor array or a combination thereof; wherein the controller provides autonomous control to the vehicle for a period of time. 2. A controller as in claim 1 wherein the period of time of autonomous control is at least one hour after instructions are provided to the operator interface. 3. A controller as in claim 1 wherein the vehicle interface communicates with the vehicle via a wireless communication system and wherein the operator interface communicates information from the vehicle to the operator, such information including vehicle speed, position information, fault information or a combination thereof. 4. A controller as in claim 1 wherein the sensor array monitors engine operating conditions, fuel level, battery level, engine temperature, hydraulic fluid levels, electric systems or a combination thereof of the vehicle. 5. A controller as in claim 1 wherein the sensor array monitors status of other sensors in the sensor array. 6. A controller as in claim 1 wherein the sensor array includes collision avoidance sensors, which include a bumper switch, short range sonar, short range radar, a camera based system or a combination thereof. 7. A controller as in claim 1 wherein the sensor array includes sensors that monitor visibility conditions, weather conditions, air quality, solar power or a combination thereof. 8. A controller as in claim 1 wherein the sensor array includes at least one sensor that monitors motion of the vehicle including rate of acceleration, pitch rate, roll rate, yaw rate or a combination thereof and the at least one sensor that monitors motion includes an accelerometer, a gyroscope, a speedometer or a combination thereof. 9. A controller as in claim 1 wherein the sensor array includes an UWB sensor. 10. A controller as in claim 1 wherein the vehicle interface, the operator interface, the environmental sensor array and the processing unit are within or attached to a housing. 11. A controller as in claim 1 wherein the AVC is programmed to provide path planning to the AV and such path planning includes marking a path of waypoints on a digitized geospatial representation. 12. An autonomous vehicle controller for providing autonomous control to a vehicle, comprising: a vehicle interface that communicates with the vehicle and provides instructions to the vehicle regarding acceleration, braking, steering or a combination thereof; an operator interface that communicates with and receives instructions from an operator, the instructions including task instructions, path planning information or both; an environmental sensor array that receives sensor data from the vehicle and communicates the sensor data to the to the vehicle interface such data including vehicle speed, compass heading, absolute position, relative position or a combination thereof Wherein the sensor array includes an UWB sensor; and a processing unit having software for communicating with the vehicle interface, the operator interface, the environmental sensor array or a combination thereof and further including a central processing unit, memory, storage, communication ports, antennae or a combination thereof; wherein the vehicle interface, the environmental sensor array and the processing unit are combined as a singular integrated unit; and wherein the controller provides autonomous control to the vehicle for a period of time. 13. A controller as in claim 12 wherein the period of time of autonomous control is at least one hour after instructions are provided to the operator interface. 14. A controller as in claim 12 wherein the vehicle interface, the operator interface, the environmental sensor array and the processing unit are within or attached to a housing. 15. A controller as in claim 12 wherein the processing unit includes the storage and the storage includes a removable data storage so that stored data can be retrieved in the absence of wireline or wireless communications network and wherein the sensor array includes a sensor that is a solid state device based on MEMS technology. 16. A controller as in claim 12 wherein the AVC is programmed to provide path planning to the AV and such path planning includes marking a path of waypoints on a digitized geospatial representation. 17. A controller as in claim 16 wherein the waypoints mark a path that is the perimeter of a scan area that the AV then scans. 18. A controller as in claim 17 wherein the AV scans the scan area by traveling to waypoints within the scan area. 19. A controller as in claim 18 wherein the AVC employs a digitized geospatial representation that provides absolute position of the AV in creating the scan area or provides relative position through the use of an ad hoc grid. 20. An autonomous vehicle controller for providing autonomous control to a vehicle, comprising: a vehicle interface that communicates with the vehicle and provides instructions to the vehicle regarding acceleration, braking, steering or a combination thereof; an operator interface that communicates with and receives instructions from an operator, the instructions including task instructions, path planning information or both; an environmental sensor array that receives sensor data from the vehicle and communicates the sensor data to the to the vehicle interface such data including vehicle speed, compass heading, absolute position, relative position or a combination thereof wherein the sensor array includes an UWB sensor; and a processing unit having software for communicating with the vehicle interface, the operator interface, the environmental sensor array or a combination thereof and further including a central processing unit, memory, storage, communication ports, antennae or a combination thereof; wherein the vehicle interface, the operator interface, the environmental sensor array and the processing unit are combined as a singular integrated unit; wherein the autonomous control continues for a period of time of at least one hour after instructions are provided to the operator interface; wherein the sensor array monitors engine operating conditions, fuel level, battery level, engine temperature, hydraulic fluid levels, electric systems or a combination thereof of the vehicle; wherein the sensor array monitors status of other sensors in the sensor array; wherein the sensor array includes collision avoidance sensors, which include a bumper switch, short range sonar, short range radar, a camera based system or a combination thereof; wherein the sensor array includes at least one sensor that monitors motion of the vehicle including rate of acceleration, pitch rate, roll rate, yaw rate or a combination thereof and the at least one sensor that monitors motion includes an accelerometer, a gyroscope, a speedometer or a combination thereof; wherein the AVC is programmed to provide path planning to the AV and such path planning includes marking a path of waypoints on a digitized geospatial representation; wherein the waypoints mark a path that is the perimeter of a scan area that the AV then scans; wherein the AV scans the scan area by traveling to waypoints within the scan area; and wherein the AVC employs a digitized geospatial representation that provides absolute position of the AV in creating the scan area or provides relative position through the use of an ad hoc grid; and wherein the AVC includes a mechanism for receiving communication from a cellular phone or the internet such that a user can communicate with the AVC through the mechanism. 