The invention adds solar electric power generation to a streetlight which is attached to the power grid. The invention could either be a retro-fit to an existing streetlight, in which the solar panel and controller are attached as an option or a totally new design with integrated solar panel as part of the housing. The invention incorporates bi-directional power converter technology. This allows conversion of DC power from solar panels to AC for supplementing the power grid as well as AC to DC conversion to power a light.
Claims 1. A streetlight apparatus comprising: a solar collection unit for collecting solar energy; a power converter coupled to said solar collection unit and to an AC power grid for enabling energy collected from said solar collection unit to be channeled onto said AC power grid as electricity; and a light source coupled to said power converter which receives electricity from said AC power grid for operation thereof. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said power converter is a bi-directional power inverter. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein said bi-directional power inverter couples to multiple separate streetlights through a power bus, said power bus being coupled to multiple solar collection units and multiple light sources. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said light source is included within a device housing, said device housing being shaped in order to include solar collection units thereon to maximize exposure to the sun. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein said housing includes multiple flat surfaces thereon, wherein multiple solar collection units are coupled to said multiple flat surfaces. 6. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the housing is in the shape of a trapezoidal pyramid. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the light source include LEDs. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, further including a DC power amplifier for use in powering said LEDs. 9. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein said housing includes multiple connection points for mounting thereof. 10. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein said connection points enable said housing to be move orientation of said housing. 11. A method for operating a streetlight including the steps of: providing a solar collection unit for collecting solar power; providing a power converter coupled to said solar collection unit and to an AC power grid for enabling energy collected from said solar collection unit to be channeled onto said AC power grid as electricity; and providing a light source coupled to said power converter which receives electricity from said AC power grid for operation thereof. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein said streetlight is operated without a meter, wherein the cost benefit from electricity produced from said solar collection device is factored into the operational costs of the streetlight, thereby providing a more economically efficient business model for operating a streetlight. 13. The method of claim 11, wherein said power converter is a bi-directional power inverter. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein said bi-directional power inverter couples to multiple separate streetlights through a power bus, said power bus being coupled to multiple solar collection units and multiple light sources. 15. The method of claim 11, wherein said light source is included within a device housing, said device housing being shaped in order to include solar collection units thereon to maximize exposure to the sun. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein said housing includes multiple flat surfaces thereon, wherein multiple solar collection units are coupled to said multiple flat surfaces. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein said housing includes non-flat surfaces thereon, wherein multiple non-flat or flexible solar collection units or techniques are coupled to said non-flat surfaces. 18. The method of claim 16, wherein the housing is in the shape of a trapezoidal pyramid. 19. The method of claim 12, wherein the business model is for leased streetlights. 