An emergency telephone system has a dual mode, hybrid emergency telephone station connected with a central station through both a digital ethernet connection for digital VOIP communication and through a wire line for analog communication. Circuitry at the dual mode emergency station connects a user terminal with the digital ethernet connection and the wire line. A processor forming a part of the circuitry directs communication through the ethernet connection if operative and through the analog wire connection if the ethernet connection is inoperative.
Claims 1. In an emergency telephone system having a central station and a dual mode hybrid emergency telephone station connected with the central station through both a digital ethernet connection and an analog wire line connection, the emergency telephone station comprising: a user terminal for receiving audio messages from the user and delivering audio messages to the user for communication of the user with the central station; circuitry connecting the user terminal with the digital ethernet connection and with the analog wire line; and a processor forming a part of said circuitry and directing communication between the user and the central station through the digital ethernet connection if the digital ethernet connection is operative and directing communication of the user with the central station through the analog wire line if the digital ethernet connection is inoperative. 2. In an emergency telephone system having an emergency telephone station connected with a central station through an ethernet connection for communication between the emergency telephone and the central station using VoIP protocol having discrete packets of digital audio signals, the method of monitoring status of the emergency telephone station which comprises: exchanging status queries from the central station to the emergency telephone station and responses from the emergency telephones station to the central station during intervals between the discrete packets of digital audio signals. 3. In an emergency communication system having a central station and an emergency telephone station connected with the central station through the ethernet, the emergency telephone station comprising: a user terminal at the emergency telephone station for receiving audio messages from a user and delivering audio messages to the user for communication between the user and the central station; circuitry connecting the user terminal with the ethernet, said circuitry including an ethernet converter or ethernet switch; and an IP compatible device connected with the ethernet converter or ethernet switch. 4. The emergency communication system of claim 3 in which said IP-compatible device is a personal computer. 5. In an emergency communication system having a central station and an emergency telephone station connected with the central station through the ethernet, the emergency telephone station comprising: a user terminal at the emergency telephone station for receiving audio messages from a user and delivering audio messages to the user for communication between the user and the central station; circuitry connecting the user terminal with the ethernet, said circuitry including a signal processor; and a visual display connected with the signal processor displaying messages for the user at the emergency telephone station. 6. In an emergency communication system having a central station and an emergency telephone station connected with the central station through both an ethernet connection and a wire line connection, the emergency telephone station comprising: a user terminal at the emergency telephone station for receiving audio messages from a user and delivering audio messages to the user for communication between the user and the central station; circuitry connecting the user terminal with either the ethernet connection or the wire line connection, said circuitry including a power source; a visual display to display an out of service message, said visual display being connected with the ethernet connection, the wire line connection and the power source to respond to a loss of connection in the ethernet and wire line connections or an outage of the power source to display the out of service message; and a solar cell connected with and powering said visual display. 7. In an emergency communication system having a central station and an emergency telephone station connected with the central station through the ethernet, the emergency telephone station comprising: a user terminal at the emergency telephone station for receiving audio messages from a user and delivering audio messages to the user for communication between the user and the central station; circuitry connecting the user terminal with the ethernet, said circuitry including a signal processor; and wherein the user terminal has a handset and a loudspeaker for communication with the user and the processor is responsive to a command from the central station to direct an audio message from the central station either to the handset or to the loudspeaker. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein the system has a plurality of emergency stations each with a loudspeaker and the processors of the emergency stations are responsive to commands from the central station to broadcast a message from selected loudspeakers. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein each emergency station has one or more loudspeakers and the processors of the emergency stations are responsive to commands from the central station to broadcast a message from selected loudspeakers at selected emergency stations. 10. An emergency communication system comprising: an emergency telephone station; a primary central station; at least one alternate central station; and circuitry for directing messages between an emergency telephone station and a central station and including a processor which directs calls from the emergency telephone station to either the primary central station or the alternate central station depending on the day and/or the time of day. 