An outdoor umbrella includes an umbrella frame, an attaching device detachably mounting at an elongated arm of the umbrella frame, and an electrical device supported by the attaching device for suspendedly supporting within a shadowing area of the outdoor umbrella. The attaching device is adapted to detachably mount at a supporting shaft as the elongated arm of the umbrella frame. The attaching device is also adapted to detachably mount at an awning arm as the elongated arm of the umbrella frame. An illuminator as the electrical device is selectively supported within the shadowing area via the attaching device for providing illumination within the shadowing area of the outdoor umbrella.
Claims 1. An apparatus for securely mounting at an elongated arm of an outdoor umbrella; comprising: an attaching device detachably mounting at said elongated arm of said outdoor umbrella; an electrical device supported by said attaching device for suspendedly supporting within a shadowing area of said outdoor umbrella. 2. The apparatus, as recited in claim 1, wherein said attaching device comprises a central hub having a sliding through slot for an supporting shaft as said elongated arm of said outdoor umbrella passing through in a detachably mounting manner; and 3. The apparatus, as recited in claim 2, wherein said central hub comprises a boundary sleeve and a boundary cover interlocked with said boundary sleeve to form said sliding through slot within inner walls of said boundary sleeve and said boundary cover for detachably mounting said central hub at said shaft of said outdoor umbrella. 4. The apparatus, as recited in claim 3, wherein said boundary sleeve has two locking grooves formed along two edge portions and said boundary cover has two locking edges, each of which has a hook shaped corresponding to said locking groove, fittedly engaged with said locking grooves so as to interlock said boundary cover with said boundary sleeve. 5. The apparatus, as recited in claim 3, wherein said central hub further comprises a locking member having a locking end rotatably penetrated through said boundary cover and arranged in such a manner that when said locking member is rotated towards said sliding through slot, said locking end of said locking member is arranged for biasing against said shaft of said outdoor umbrella to securely retain said central hub at said shaft in position. 6. The apparatus, as recited in claim 4, wherein said central hub further comprises a locking member having a locking end rotatably penetrated through said boundary cover and arranged in such a manner that when said locking member is rotated towards said sliding through slot, said locking end of said locking member is arranged for biasing against said shaft of said outdoor umbrella to securely retain said central hub at said shaft in position. 7. The apparatus, as recited in claim 5, further comprising a first securing member detachably attached to said inner wall of said boundary sleeve for biasing against said shaft of said outdoor umbrella, and a second securing member attached to said locking end of said locking member at said inner wall of said boundary cover, wherein when said locking member is rotated, said second securing member is driven by said locking member to adjust a size of said sliding through slot for fittingly biasing against said shaft of said outdoor umbrella. 8. The apparatus, as recited in claim 6, further comprising a first securing member detachably attached to said inner wall of said boundary sleeve for biasing against said shaft of said outdoor umbrella, and a second securing member attached to said locking end of said locking member at said inner wall of said boundary cover, wherein when said locking member is rotated, said second securing member is driven by said locking member to adjust a size of said sliding through slot for fittingly biasing against said shaft of said outdoor umbrella. 9. The apparatus, as recited in claim 1, wherein said electrical device comprises a plurality of illuminators suspendedly supported by said attaching device for providing illumination within said shadowing area of said outdoor umbrella. 10. The apparatus, as recited in claim 3, wherein said electrical device comprises a plurality of illuminators suspendedly supported by said attaching device for providing illumination within said shadowing area of said outdoor umbrella. 11. The apparatus, as recited in claim 8, wherein said electrical device comprises a plurality of illuminators suspendedly supported by said attaching device for providing illumination within said shadowing area of said outdoor umbrella. 12. The apparatus, as recited in claim 10, wherein said attaching device further comprises a plurality of supporting arms outwardly and radially extended from said central hub, wherein said illuminators are suspendedly supported at distal ends of said supporting arms via ball joints respectively, such that each of said illuminators is capable of self-rotating while being suspendedly supported by said supporting arm in free-swinging manner. 13. The apparatus, as recited in claim 11, wherein said attaching device further comprises a plurality of supporting arms outwardly and radially extended from said central hub, wherein said illuminators are suspendedly supported at distal ends of said supporting arms via ball joints respectively, such that each of said illuminators is capable of self-rotating while being suspendedly supported by said supporting arm in free-swinging manner. 14. The apparatus, as recited in claim 1, wherein said attaching device comprises a shank body adapted for transversely extending through an awning arm as said elongated arm of said outdoor umbrella, and an adaptor connected to said shank body to suspendedly support said electrical device within said shadowing area of said outdoor umbrella. 15. The apparatus, as recited in claim 14, wherein said attaching device further comprises a locking member detachably locking said electrical device at said adaptor to maintain said electrical device at a vertically down hanging manner regardless of said outdoor umbrella being folded between an unfolded position and a folded position. 15. The apparatus, as recited in claim 15, wherein said shank body comprises an enlarged head adapted for mounting at an outer side of said awning arm and a connecting member protruding from an inner side of said awning arm, wherein a mounting slot is transversely provided at said connecting member for detachably coupling with said locking member so as to lock up said electrical device at said connecting member. 16. The apparatus, as recited in claim 15, wherein said electrical device comprises an illuminator suspendedly supported at said connecting member of said shank body for providing illumination within said shadowing area of said outdoor umbrella. 17. The apparatus, as recited in claim 1, wherein said attaching device comprises a detachable clip detachably mounting at an awning arm as said elongated arm of said outdoor umbrella, wherein said electrical device is downwardly extended from said detachable clip, such that said electrical device is adapted for being selectively mounted to said awning arm to select a position of said electrical device within said shadowing area of said outdoor umbrella. 18. The apparatus, as recited in claim 17, wherein said electrical device comprises an illuminator suspendedly coupled with said detachable clip for providing illumination within said shadowing area of said outdoor umbrella. 19. The apparatus, as recited in claim 1, wherein said attaching device comprises a protective cover adapted for affixing at a supporting shaft as said elongated arm of said outdoor umbrella, and two connecting elements securely locking said protective cover on top of said supporting shaft, wherein said electrical device is securely sandwiched between said protective cover and said supporting shaft so as to retain said electrical device in position. 20. The apparatus, as recited in claim 19, wherein said electrical device comprises a solar energy collector which comprises a collector base adapted for affixing on top of said supporting shaft via said attaching device, and a solar energy collecting device which is provided on a platform of said collector base and is upwardly oriented for collecting solar energy and converting said solar energy into electrical energy, wherein said protective cover securely clamps said collector base at said supporting shaft to retain said solar energy collecting device at an upward orientation. 