The present invention is directed to a process for producing solar panels having an antireflective film designed to capture more incident light. The film increases the transmission of light through the film and a substrate by reducing the amount of light reflected and by minimizing optical loss in the film and at the interfaces. By allowing more incident light to transmit to the underlying solar cells, the solar panel can produce more electricity, thereby operating at a higher efficiency. The process uses lamination, particularly thermal lamination, to apply a light capturing film onto the front surface of a solar panel. The light capturing film comprises of a cross-linked fluoropolymer antireflective coating on top of an optically clear carrier film.
Claims 1. A process comprising a) providing a substrate comprising a front surface and a back surface; b) laminating on the front surface a film comprising at least one cross-linked fluoropolymer layer or layers wherein the fluoropolymer layer or layers have a thickness between 75 and 150 nanometers and the fluoropolymer layer or layers are positioned on a carrier comprising ethylene copolymer such that the carrier is in contact with the substrate; and b) attaching at least one solar cell to the back surface of the substrate. 2. The process of claim 1 wherein the fluoropolymer is cross-linked. 3. The process of claim 1 wherein the ethylene copolymer is Surlyn.RTM. or Elvax.RTM.. 4. The process of claim 1 wherein the substrate and the at least one solar cell are an existing solar module. 5. The process of claim 1 wherein the fluoropolymer and the ethylene copolymer comprise a stabilizer package. 6. The process of claim 1 wherein the ethylene copolymer is textured prior to laminating. 7. The process of claim 1 wherein the substrate is flexible. 8. A device comprising: a) a mounting layer comprising: i) a substrate comprising a front surface and a back surface; ii) a film laminated to the front surface of the substrate wherein the film comprises at least one cross-linked fluoropolymer layer or layers having a thickness between 75 and 150 nanometers positioned on a carrier comprising ethylene copolymer such that the carrier is in contact with the substrate; and b) at least one solar cell attached to the back surface of the substrate. 9. A device comprising: a) at least one solar cell comprising a front surface; b) a film laminated to the front surface of the solar cell wherein the film comprises at least one cross-linked fluoropolymer layer or layers having a thickness between 75 and 150 nanometers positioned on a carrier comprising ethylene copolymer such that the carrier is in contact with the solar cell. 