A system and method of arranging a solar cell and reflector to replace a typical solar cell oriented normal to the incoming sunlight inside a module (i.e. parallel to a module's transparent cover plate or opening). The present invention in a preferred embodiment uses a solar cell oriented at a 45 degree angle to the incoming sunlight, and a reflective surface oriented perpendicular to the cell and at a 45 degree angle to the incoming sunlight. The solar cell and the mirror are the same length/size and form a V shape where the angle between the sloped sides is 90 degrees. Any light falling normally on the arrangement will hit the solar cell either directly or after reflection. In another embodiment, two adjacent reflectors can be used making angles of around 60 degrees and around 30 degrees with respect to the cover or opening. An alternate embodiment can include a second reflector added to the base of the cell and reflector pairings also at an approximate 45 degree angle with the cover or opening. The second reflector can run along an entire row of cell and first reflector pairs such that the first reflectors form 90 degree angles with both the cells and with the second reflector.
Claims 1. A solar collector for maximizing collection of useful sunlight, comprising: a) an enclosure comprising four sides and a transparent cover that protects interior surfaces from elements (other than sunlight); b) at least one rectangular light collecting surface mounted at a 45 degree angle to the transparent cover; c) at least one reflective surface mounted adjacent and perpendicular to said solar collecting surface such that said reflective surface also forms a 45 degree angle with said transparent cover. 2. The solar collector of claim 1 wherein said light collecting surface absorbs solar radiation and transfers it to a working fluid. 3. The solar collector of claim 1 wherein said light collecting surface comprises a photovoltaic cell for converting light to electricity. 4. The solar collector of claim 3 wherein said reflective surface has a coating that reflects primarily a band of light wavelengths the photovoltaic cell converts efficiently to electricity, while not reflecting infrared wavelengths that tend to heat said photovoltaic cell. 5. The solar collector of claim 1 further comprising a plurality of solar collecting surfaces and reflective surfaces. 6. The solar collector of claim 3 wherein said photovoltaic cell is semiconductor. 7. The solar collector of claim 1 wherein said reflective surface is aluminum. 8. A system with surfaces arranged for maximizing collection of useful sunlight, comprising a) an enclosure including four sides, a base, and a transparent cover that protects interior surfaces from weather; b) at least one rectangular solar collecting surface mounted at a 45 degree angle to the transparent cover; c) a pair of reflective surfaces in proximity to said solar collecting surface including a first reflective surface at a mounting angle of between around 46-60 degrees to the transparent cover with said first reflective surface extending downwards to a point where a line perpendicular to the bottom edge of said first reflective surface contacts the uppermost edge of said solar collecting surface, and a second reflective surface mounted adjacent to the bottom edge of said first reflective surface at a an angle complimentary to the first reflective surface's mounting angle, said second surface extending downward until its bottom edge is adjacent to said solar collecting surface. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein said solar collecting surface absorbs solar radiation and transfers it to a working fluid. 10. The solar collector of claim 8 wherein said solar collecting surface comprises a photovoltaic cell for converting light to electricity. 11. The solar collector of claim 10 wherein said reflective surfaces have a coating that reflects primarily a band of light wavelengths the photovoltaic cell converts efficiently to electricity, while not reflecting infrared wavelengths that tend to heat said photovoltaic cell. 12. The solar collector of claim 8 wherein said reflective surfaces are aluminum. 13. A light collecting system comprising: a frame: a first reflector secured to said frame; at least one second reflector secured to said frame and disposed perpendicularly to said first reflector; at least one solar cell secured to said frame and disposed perpendicularly to said first and second reflector. 14. The light collecting system of claim 13 further comprising a plurality of second reflectors each perpendicular to said first reflector. 15. The light collecting system of claim 14 further comprising a plurality of solar cells each perpendicular to said first reflector and said second reflectors. 16. The light collecting system of claim 15 wherein each of said solar cells is adjacent to one of said second reflectors. 17. The light collecting system of claim 13 wherein said first and second reflectors are aluminum. 18. The light collecting system of claim 13 wherein said solar cell is a photovoltaic cell. 19. The light collecting system of claim 18 wherein at least one of said first or second reflectors has a coating that reflects primarily a band of light wavelengths the photovoltaic cell converts efficiently to electricity, while not reflecting infrared wavelengths that tend to heat said photovoltaic cell. 20. The light collecting system of claim 13 wherein said frame has a transparent cover. 