An extensive photovoltaic array for generating electric power from concentrated solar radiation, formed of an extensive planar structural grid wherein a multitude of power generating modules are installed, said structural grid being positioned by a primary servomechanism to keep incident solar radiation perpendicular to the plane of the array at all times.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic array for generating electric power from concentrated solar radiation comprising; a planar structural grid, being defined by a multiplicity of structural members connected to one another and defining spaces between the structural members for a multitude of power generating modules, said structural grid positioned by a two axis primary servomechanism to keep incident solar radiation perpendicular to the plane of the structural grid, a concentrator assembly comprised of multiple of solar concentrating devices, directly supported by structural members having sufficient structural accuracy and rigidity to keep all the concentrating devices within the concentrator assembly optically aligned with a common optical axis, a multitude of photovoltaic cells mounted on heat sinks receiving concentrated solar radiation from the concentrating devices, a housing supporting said concentrator assemblies, said photovoltaic cells and said heat sinks forming a photovoltaic power generating module, a secondary servomechanism designed to independently align each power generating module for correcting structural grid deformations, misalignment and tracking errors, keeping solar radiation focused on the photovoltaic cell, whereby said concentrator assemblies, said structural members, said structural grid, said power generating module, said primary servomechanism, said secondary servomechanism, said photovoltaic cells and said heat sinks have an integrated relationship. 2. The photovoltaic array of claim 1 wherein each power generating module contains mechanical and electrical parts required for the secondary servomechanism, forming an integrated self aligning photovoltaic power generating module. 3. The photovoltaic array of claim 1 wherein the concentrating device is a lens. 4. The photovoltaic array of claim 1 wherein the concentrating device is a reflector. 5. The photovoltaic array of claim 2 wherein each photovoltaic power generating module contains the mechanical and electrical parts required for operating the secondary servomechanism, being designed for dynamically positioning the concentrator assembly relative to the power generating module housing, keeping the photovoltaic cell aligned with the concentrated solar illumination area. 6. The photovoltaic array of claim 2 wherein each photovoltaic power generating module contain the mechanical and electrical parts required for the secondary servomechanism, being designed to align the power generating module relative to the structural grid keeping the photovoltaic cell aligned with the concentrated solar illumination area. 7. The photovoltaic array of claim 2 wherein a transparent cover protect the concentrating device, photovoltaic cell and other sensitive parts of the power generating module from the environment, forming an integrated, sealed self aligning photovoltaic power generating module. 8. The photovoltaic array of claim 2 wherein each power generating module contain sensors and digital control designed to monitor module physical parameters and to control the module position. 9. The photovoltaic array of claim 8 wherein digital communication means are embedded in each photovoltaic power generating module, forming a communication network connecting between each photovoltaic power generating module and a central controller, digitally communicating a variety of physical parameters and control signals with the central controller. 10. The photovoltaic array of claim 8 wherein digital communication is embedded in each photovoltaic power generating module utilizing the electrical power grid as a communication media, forming a communication network, digitally communicating a variety of physical parameters and control signals to a central controller. 11. The photovoltaic array of claim 8 wherein a digital wireless communication is embedded in each power generating module, forming a communication network connecting between each photovoltaic power generating module and the central controller, digitally communicating a variety of physical status parameters and control signals with a central controller. 12. The photovoltaic array of claim 11 wherein the digital wireless communication network is implemented according to the IEEE802.15 ZIGBEE alliance protocol. 13. The photovoltaic array of claim 1 wherein the photovoltaic cells within each power generating module are connected in series and parallel, feeding a switching power inverting device that is mounted within each power generating module, designed to regulate the electrical output of the power generating module for maximum power transfer to an electrical grid. 14. The photovoltaic array of claim 1 wherein light sensitive devices within each power generating module, generate focus and alignment error signals. 15. The photovoltaic array of claim 1 wherein the heat sinks, is having multiple metallic rods protruding from a heat spreader base into the space in the back of the Photovoltaic Array panel, each rod being tilted out in an angle forming a diverging shape multi finger heat sink, the Photovoltaic cell is thermally attached to the heat spreader. 16. The photovoltaic array of claim 15 wherein each heat sink is formed by multiple metallic rods protruding in a zigzagged manner from the perimeter of a heat spreader. 17. The photovoltaic array of claim 15 wherein each heat sink is formed by multiple metallic rods, each rod is having non constant cross section area. 18. A die for molding the heat sink of claim 15 formed of a male conical part and a female conical part, having grooves on the face of at least one part of the die, forming multiple cavities for molding the rods, both parts can be engaged to form a die for molding a multi rod heat sink with a heat spreader. 19. The photovoltaic array of claim 15 wherein the heat sink is manufactured by stamping a heat spreader and rods out of a metallic plate and bending of the heat sink fins to required angle. 20. The photovoltaic array of claim 15 wherein at least one Photovoltaic Cell is thermally attached to a gravity assisted heat pipe located in the back of the array, the thermodynamic fluid in the heat pipe flows by force of gravity and wetting the heat pipe part at which the Photovoltaic Cell is attached, the heat pipe is having sheet metal fins thermally attached to it thus dissipating heat to the environment. 