In accordance with the invention, a system for assured reliability in DC to AC power converters with application to distributed power generation systems is presented. Reliability limiting components of the DC to AC power converters are monitored and the monitored data is used to drive servicing decisions
Claims 1. A distributed power generation system enabled for assured reliability comprising: a direct current power source; a direct current to alternating current converter (DTAC) electrically coupled to said direct current power source, said DTAC comprising a reliability limiting component (RLC) and a sensor for sensing a measurable parameter of said RLC; a decision engine communicatively coupled to said sensor, said decision engine enabled to provide a lifetime estimate for said RLC based on said measurable parameter; and a service provider communicatively coupled to said decision engine by a communication system to receive a signal communicating said lifetime estimate, said service provider scheduling preventative maintenance based on said signal communicating said lifetime estimate to maintain assured reliability. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said RLC comprises a capacitor. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein said RLC comprises a power switch. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein said power switch is selected from the group consisting of an integrated-gate insulated transistor, a field effect transistor, a gate turn-off device and an emitter turn-off device. 5. The system of claim 2 wherein said sensor measures a voltage drop across said capacitor. 6. The system of claim 2 wherein said sensor measures a frequency of a ripple current of said capacitor. 7. The system of claim 2 wherein said sensor measures a current flowing out of said capacitor. 8. The system of claim 2 wherein said sensor measures a temperature of said capacitor. 9. The system of claim 3 wherein said sensor measures a voltage across said power switch. 10. The system of claim 3 wherein said sensor measures a temperature of said power switch. 11. The system of claim 1 wherein said direct current power source comprises a photovoltaic (PV) system. 12. The system of claim 12 wherein said RLC comprises an inverter for photovoltaics. 13. The system of claim 11 wherein said service provider schedules said preventive maintenance in off-daylight hours. 14. The system of claim 1 wherein said direct current power source comprises a micro-turbine. 15. The system of claim 1 wherein said direct current power source is installed for a non-commercial customer. 16. The system of claim 14 wherein said service provider is not the integrator/installer of said direct current power source. 17. The system of claim 1 wherein said decision engine is co-located with said DTAC. 18. The system of claim 1 wherein said communication system comprises a large area network (LAN). 19. The system of claim 1 wherein said service provider make use of a "just in time" RLC replacement scheme. 20. The system of claim 1 wherein said decision engine provides said signal to said service provider when said lifetime estimate of said RLC is less than twenty percent. 21. (canceled) 22. (canceled) 23. (canceled) 24. (canceled) 25. (canceled) 26. (canceled) 27. (canceled) 28. (canceled) 29. (canceled) 30. (canceled) 31. (canceled) 32. (canceled) 33. (canceled) 34. (canceled) 35. (canceled) 36. (canceled) 37. (canceled) 38. (canceled) 39. (canceled) 40. (canceled) 