A quick secure connection system for use with a set of outdoor lights includes a power source having a two-wired female connector surrounded by external threads. Threadably connected to the female connector on the power source is a male connector surrounded by an internally threaded collar. The male connector is mounted on one end of a power transmission cord. On the opposite end of the power transmission is a two-wired light assembly. On the base of the two-wired light assembly is another two-wired female connector from which a set of outdoor lights may be assembled.
Claims 1. A quick secure connection system for a set of outdoor lights connected to a power source, said quick secure connection system comprising: a pair of wires extending from the light source in each light in the set of outdoor lights; a female connector constructed and arranged for mounting in each of the outdoor lights, said female connector being electrically connected to said pair of wires; said female connector being surrounded by an externally threaded housing; a male connector constructed and arranged for interfitment with said female connector electrically connected to power cord; an internally threaded collar surrounding the power cord and the male connector; whereby electrical connection of each light in the set of outdoor lights is made by interfitment of said male connector into said female connector and threadable engagement of said internally threaded locking piece with said externally threaded housing. 2. A set of outdoor lights comprising: a two-wired electrical power source; a first two-wired female connector surrounded by external threads attached to said two-wired electrical power source; a first two-wired male connector surrounded by an internally threaded collar attached to an electrical power transmission cord; a first two-wired electrical light attached to the opposite end of said electrical power transmission cord from said first two-wired male connector; a second two-wired female connector surrounded by external threads attached to said first two-wired electrical light; a second two-wired male connector surrounded by an internally threaded collar attached to an electric power transmission cord; a second two-wired electrical light attached to the opposite end of said electrical power transmission cord from said second two-wired male connector; whereby threadable connection of said first two-wired female connector with said first two-wired male connector will provide electrical power to said first light and threadable connection of said second two-wired female connector with said second two-wired male connector will provide electrical power to said second light. 3. The set of outdoor lights as defined in claim 2 wherein said two-wired electrical power source is a transformer. 4. The set of outdoor lights as defined in claim 2 wherein said two-wired electrical power source is a set of solar panels. 5. The set of outdoor lights as defined in claim 2 further including: a T-shaped electrical connection in said power cord, said T-shaped connection including two-wired female connectors surrounded by external threads; a third two-wired electrical light having a power cord with a two-wired male connector surrounded by an internally threaded collar whereby said third two-wired electrical light branches off said power cord. 6. The set of outdoor lights as defined in claim 2 further including an extension power cord section having a two-wired female connector surrounded by external threads on one end on a two-wired male connector surrounded by an internally threaded collar on the opposite end. 7. A method for creating a set of outdoor lights compromising the steps of: mounting a two-wired female connector surrounded by external threads to a power source; mounting a two-wired male connector surrounded by a collar having internal threads to one end of a first power transmission cord; mounting a first two-wired light to the second end of said first power transmission cord, mounting a two-wired female connector surrounded by external threads to said first two-wired light; mounting a two-wired male connector surrounded by a collar having internal threads to one end of a second power transmission cord; mounting a second two-wired light to the second end of said power transmission cord. 8. The method as defined in claim 7 wherein said power source is house current passing through a transformer. 9. The method as defined in claim 7 wherein said power source is a set of solar panels. 