Systems and methods for disposing and supporting a solar panel array are disclosed. In one embodiment, a system for supporting a solar panel array includes the use of support columns and cables suspended between the support columns, with the solar panels received by solar panel receivers that are adapted to couple to the cables. The solar panel array may then be used to provide power as well as shelter. Cooling, lighting, security, or other devices may be added to the solar panel array.
Claims 1. A system for supporting a solar panel array, comprising: two pairs of columns, each pair having a first column and a second column; a first cable suspended between the first columns; a second cable suspended between the second columns; a plurality of panel receivers each having a plurality of solar panels mounted thereto, said plurality of panel receivers being secured to each of the two cables; each of said panel receivers being spaced from one another by a gap; and at least one complementary support cable spanning between one of said pairs of columns and connected to said first or second cable by plurality of connecting cables extending between said at least one complementary support cable and said first or second cable. 2. A system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said two pairs of columns extend at a non-vertical angle from a surface upon which the columns are mounted. 3. A system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said first and second cables have a first curvature, and said complementary support cable has a second different curvature. 4. A system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: each panel receiver includes a plurality of curved struts. 5. A system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: each panel receiver includes a plurality of straight struts, and a plurality of orthogonally oriented struts connected to the straight struts. 6. A system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said first columns are longer than said second columns. 7. A system, as claimed in claim 1, further including: a plurality of anchor lines connected to said columns, and a plurality of anchors connected to said anchor lines for anchoring said anchor lines into the ground. 8. A system, as claimed in claim 1, further including: a pair of cross-supports, one cross support interconnecting each said pair of columns. 9. A system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said first and second columns of each said pair of columns are arranged in a V-shaped configuration such that lower ends of said first and second columns of each pair extend from a common mounting point, and upper ends of the first and second columns diverge from one another. 10. A system, as claimed in claim 7, wherein: said anchor lines secured to each pair of columns extends to respective common mounting points on the surface to which the columns are mounted. 11. A system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said system comprises a plurality of rows of solar panel arrays, each row being selectively spaced from an adjacent row, and said rows extending substantially parallel to one another. 12. A system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: at least one of said panel receivers includes a pivot mount enabling a solar panel mounted thereover to be rotated at a desired incident angle with the sun. 13. A system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said at least one complementary support cable and said first or second cable are coplanar. 14. A system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said at least one complementary support cable includes a pair of complementary support cables, a first complementary support cable being coplanar with said first cable, and the other complementary support cable being coplanar with the second cable. 15. A system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said plurality of panel receivers have a first end residing at a first height, and a second end residing at a second lower height, wherein said plurality of panel receivers are substantially rectangular shaped and evenly spaced from one another along said first and second cables. 16. A system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said first cable defines a first curvature, said second cable defines a second curvature extending substantially parallel to said first curvature, and wherein said gap is substantially triangular shaped such that the gap located adjacent the second cable is smaller than the gap located adjacent the first cable. 17. A system for supporting a solar panel array, said system comprising: two pairs of columns, each pair having a first column and a second column; a first cable suspended between first columns, said first cable having a first curvature; a second cable suspended between the second columns, the second cable having a second curvature substantially parallel to the first curvature; a plurality of panel receivers each having a plurality of solar panels mounted thereto, said panel receivers each having a number of curved struts, said curved struts extending along a third curvature, said curved struts having ends that connect to said first and second cables, and wherein said third curvature of said curved struts intersects said first and second curvatures of said first and second cables at or adjacent to locations where said panel receivers mount to said first and second cables. 18. A method of supporting a plurality of solar panels, said method comprising the steps of: providing a plurality of pairs of columns, each pair having columns of dissimilar heights extending above a surface to which the columns are mounted; spacing the columns apart from one another; extending a first and second cable between the two pairs of columns, the first cable suspended at a first height, and the second cable suspended at a second different height; and attaching a plurality of panel receivers to said first and second cables, said plurality of panel receivers each having a plurality of solar panels mounted thereto, said panel receivers being disposed at a non-vertical angle with respect to a surface upon which the columns are mounted, and said plurality of panel receivers being spaced from one another along said cables by a gap having a width less than a width of said panel receivers. 19. A method, as claimed in claim 18, wherein: each panel receiver includes at least one of a plurality of curved struts, a plurality of straight struts, or combinations thereof. 20. A method, as claimed in claim 18, further comprising: stabilizing said system by providing a plurality of anchor lines secured to selected ones of said columns, said anchor lines each having an end secured to the mounting surface. 21. A method, as claimed in claim 18, wherein: said solar panels are angularly mounted to said panel receivers, and selectively rotated to a desired angle optimizing exposure of the solar panels to the sun. 22. A method, as claimed in claim 18, wherein: said panel receivers are provided in a plurality of rows each supported by a corresponding combination of columns and cables; said rows being selectively spaced from one another; and said plurality of rows extending substantially parallel to one another. 