A dock light for mounting in a void in the side of a floating dock. The light has a housing with a floor, sidewalls, lens and lid defining a chamber. The chamber houses a power source, such as a battery and photovoltaic cell, and a light source, such as a light emitting diode (LED). The lid is removably mounted to the sidewalls, and is flush with, or set beneath, the top surface of the dock when in an operable position. The lens extends from the void at a side opening when the dock light is in an operable position, and is flush with, or set beneath, the side surface of the dock. The light shines from the side of the dock, and is powered by collecting energy from the sun, thereby requiring little to no maintenance. The dock light is protected by the surrounding surfaces of the dock.
Claims 1. A dock light for inserting into a dock having at least one void formed therein with a top opening in a dock floor and a side opening in a dock sidewall, the dock light comprising: (a) a housing for mounting into the dock void, the housing having walls defining an internal chamber, the walls including: (i) a translucent lens for extending into the side opening of the void with at least the lens visible; (ii) a top wall for extending into the top opening of the void; and (iii) sidewalls substantially wider than the lens for preventing the housing from passing through the side opening; (b) a light source in the internal housing chamber adjacent the lens; and (c) a power source in the internal housing chamber connected to the light source. 2. The dock light in accordance with claim 1, wherein the sidewalls extend laterally from the lens in a first direction and a second, opposite direction, forming a widened back region opposite the lens. 3. The dock light in accordance with claim 2, wherein the power source comprises a rechargeable battery electrically connected to a photovoltaic cell, and the photovoltaic cell is mounted beneath the top wall. 4. The dock light in accordance with claim 3, wherein the top wall is translucent and removably mounted to the sidewalls. 5. The dock light in accordance with claim 4, wherein the light source is a light emitting diode. 6. The dock light in accordance with claim 5, further comprising a switch mounted to the housing and electrically interposed between the power source and the light source. 7. A dock light combined with a dock having at least one void formed therein with a top opening in a dock floor and a side opening in a dock sidewall, the combination comprising: (d) a housing mounted into the dock void, the housing having walls defining an internal chamber, the walls including: (i) a translucent lens extending into the side opening of the void with at least the lens visible; (ii) a top wall extending into the top opening of the void; and (iii) sidewalls substantially wider than the lens preventing the housing from passing through the side opening; (e) a light source in the internal housing chamber adjacent the lens; and (f) a power source in the internal housing chamber connected to the light source. 8. The combination in accordance with claim 7, wherein the side opening is narrower than the widest region of the void, and the sidewalls extend laterally from the lens in a first direction and a second, opposite direction, forming a widened back region opposite the lens. 9. The combination in accordance with claim 8, wherein the power source comprises a rechargeable battery electrically connected to a photovoltaic cell, and the photovoltaic cell is mounted beneath the top wall. 10. The combination in accordance with claim 9, wherein the top wall is translucent and removably mounted to the sidewalls. 11. The combination in accordance with claim 10, wherein the light source is a light emitting diode. 12. The combination in accordance with claim 11, further comprising a switch mounted to the housing and electrically interposed between the power source and the light source. 