An occupant protection system is disclosed for indicating when a passenger is occupying a seat. The system alerts the driver of the fact that a passenger is in the passenger's seat through visual and/or audio indicia, which will be activated when the passenger's seatbelt is buckled. A timing circuit, which will be activated a predetermined time after the car seat is locked, will generate the audio and/or visual indicia which will be deactivated when the driver's seatbelt is buckled, ensuring both passenger and driver's safety. Once the driver's seatbelt is unbuckled, the system will detect that the passenger seatbelt is buckled and will generate the audio and/or visual indicia to indicate that the passenger, particularly a child and/or baby is in the car.
Claims 1. An occupant protection system comprising: at least one passenger detection device; at least one driver detection device; a monitoring device connected to at least one of: said at least one driver detection device and said at least one passenger detection device; and at least one indicating device connected to at least one of: said at least one passenger detection device, said at least one driver detection device, and said monitoring device. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein said at least one passenger detecting device and said at least one driver detecting device comprise a seatbelt buckle sensor. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein said at least one passenger detecting device and said at least one driver detecting device are serially connected in relation to said monitoring device. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein said at least one passenger detecting device and said at least one driver detecting device are individually connected in relation to said monitoring device. 5. The system of claim 1, further comprising a timing circuit electrically connected to at least one of: said at least one passenger detection device, said at least one driver detection device, said monitoring device, or any combination thereof. 6. The system of claim 2, wherein said at least one passenger detecting device and said at least one driver detecting device are integrally formed with a passenger seatbelt buckle and a driver seatbelt buckle, respectively. 7. The system of claim 2, wherein said at least one passenger detecting device and said at least one driver detecting device are selectively removable in relation to a passenger seatbelt buckle and a driver seatbelt buckle, respectively. 8. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a switch selectively connected to at least one of: said monitoring device, said indicating device, said at least one passenger detection device, said at least one driver detection device, or any combination thereof. 9. The system of claim 5, wherein said timing circuit is selectively configured to actuate said indicating device after a predetermined amount of time. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one of: said at least one passenger detection device, said at least one driver detection device, said monitoring device and said indicating device are portable and selectively configured to be removed from a vehicle. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein said occupant protection system is selectively located in at least one of: a stroller, an infant carrier, a motorcycle, a bicycle, an ATV, a ground vehicle, a marine vehicle, an aircraft, or any combination thereof. 12. The system of claim 2, wherein said seatbelt buckle sensor further comprises at least one of: a magnetic sensor, an ultrasound sensor, a proximity sensor, a capacitive sensor, an infrared sensor, a pressure sensor, a contact sensor, a RF sensor, a mechanical sensor, a solid-state sensor, an electromechanical sensor, a biometric sensor, or any combination thereof. 13. The system of claim 1, further comprising at least one of: a vehicle lighter adapting connection, a solar power means, a removable energy storage means, a rechargeable energy storage means, a vehicle electrical system connection, or any combination thereof. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein the connections among the at least one passenger detection device, the at least one driver detection device, the monitoring device and the indicating device comprise at least one of: a wired connection, a wireless connection, or any combination thereof. 15. A portable warning apparatus comprising the system of claim 1, further comprising: a plurality of interchangeable passenger detection devices; a plurality of interchangeable driver detection devices, wherein at least one of said plurality of interchangeable passenger detection devices and at least one of said plurality of interchangeable driver detection devices are selectively removably connected to at least one of: said monitoring device, said at least one indicating device, or any combination thereof. 16. A method for protecting an occupant comprising: detecting a lock/unlock state of a passenger's seatbelt; detecting a lock/unlock state of a driver's seatbelt; generating an indicating signal based on at least one of: the passenger's seatbelt state and the driver's seatbelt state. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein said indicating signal is generated by at least one of: a passenger's seatbelt unlocked state and a driver's seatbelt unlocked state; a passenger's seatbelt unlocked state and a driver's seatbelt locked state; a passenger's seatbelt locked state and a driver's seatbelt unlocked state; and a passenger's seatbelt locked state and a driver's seatbelt locked state. 18. The method of claim 16, further comprising: generating at least one of: a visual indication and an audible indication, when said passenger's seatbelt is in a locked state and said driver's seatbelt is in an unlocked state. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein said at least one of: a visual indication and an audible indication, is interrupted when at least one of: said passenger's seatbelt is in an unlocked state and said driver's seatbelt is in a locked state. 20. The method of claim 16, further comprising: selectively delaying the generation of said indicating signal for a predetermined amount of time. 21. The method of claim 18, further comprising: manually interrupting said at least one of: a visual indication and an audible indication. 22. The method of claim 1, wherein said passenger's seatbelt is at least part of at least one of: a vehicle seat integrated child seat and a portable/removable child seat. 23. A method for protecting an occupant comprising: installing in a first transportation means at least one driver detecting device; at least one passenger detecting device; a monitoring device and an indicating device; and generating an indication signal when a monitored condition occurs in said first transportation means. 24. The method of claim 23, further comprising selecting a desired condition to be monitored from a plurality of different conditions. 25. The method of claim 23, further comprising selecting said at least one driver detecting device from a plurality of interchangeable driver detecting devices; and selecting said at least one passenger detecting device from a plurality of interchangeable passenger detecting devices. 26. The method of claim 23, further comprising uninstalling from said first transportation means at least one of: said at least one driver detecting device; said at least one passenger detecting device; said monitoring device and said indicating device; and installing said at least one uninstalled device in a second transportation means to monitor a condition at said second transportation means. 27. The method of claim 26, wherein said monitored condition in the second transportation means is different from the monitored condition in the first transportation means. 