An apparatus for enclosing electronic components such as used in telecommunication systems is disclosed. The apparatus includes a housing defining a chamber, with the housing comprising a front wall having an outer surface and a length dimension greater than a width dimension. A pair of opposing side walls are each contiguous with the front wall, and a pair of opposing end walls are each contiguous with the side walls and the front wall. A plurality of non-removable heat transfer fins are an integral part of the outer surface of the front wall. The fins are positioned at an angle with respect to the length dimension of the front wall, with each of the fins having a continuous uninterrupted structure across the outer surface between the opposing side walls. A removable back cover opposite the front wall is configured to seal the chamber of the housing.
Claims 1. An apparatus for enclosing electronic components, comprising: a housing defining a chamber, the housing comprising: a front wall having an outer surface and a length dimension greater than a width dimension; a pair of opposing side walls that are each contiguous with the front wall; a pair of opposing end walls that are each contiguous with the side walls and the front wall; and a plurality of non-removable heat transfer fins that are an integral part of the outer surface of the front wall, wherein the fins are positioned at an angle with respect to the length dimension of the front wall, with each of the fins having a continuous uninterrupted structure across the outer surface between the opposing side walls; and a removable back cover opposite the front wall and configured to seal the chamber of the housing. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the fins are angled from about 30 degrees to about 60 degrees with respect to the length dimension. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the fins are defined by a plurality of adjacent channels. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of mounting locations on the front wall and the opposing side walls of the housing. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the housing is comprised of a metallic material. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the housing comprises aluminum, zinc, magnesium, titanium, steel, or combinations thereof. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the chamber is configured to contain one or more components of a telecommunication system. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the components comprise one or more of a wideband digital radio, a power amplifier, an RF transport, a wideband digital transceiver, a power supply, or combinations thereof. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein one of the end walls has one or more sealed apertures for running cables into the chamber. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein one of the end walls comprises one or more lead-outs for wires used to input and output electrical signals. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, further comprising one or more caps for the one or more lead-outs. 12. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the back cover is configured to seal the chamber against weather and a pressure differential. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising means for sealing the back cover to the housing. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the means for sealing the back cover to the housing comprises a gasket compressed between the back cover and the housing. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein the gasket comprises an elastomeric O-ring or a foam-in-place gasket. 16. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the back cover includes a plurality of angled heat transfer fins that are an integral part of an outer surface of the back cover. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein the back cover includes a back channel extending along a length thereof. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the back channel provides a gap between each of the fins extending across a width of the back cover. 19. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of clamps on the back cover and a plurality of corresponding receiving mounts on the housing that are configured to hold the back cover against the housing. 20. The apparatus of claim 17, further comprising a mounting bracket engaged with the back channel of the back cover for mounting the back cover to a pole or wall. 21. The apparatus of claim 4, further comprising a solar shield attached to the mounting locations of the housing. 22. An apparatus for enclosing electronic components, comprising: a housing defining a chamber and having a unitary structure, the housing comprising: a front wall having an outer surface and a length dimension greater than a width dimension; a pair of opposing side walls that are each contiguous with the front wall; a pair of opposing end walls that are each contiguous with the side walls and the front wall; and a plurality of non-removable heat transfer fins that are an integral part of the outer surface of the front wall and are defined by a plurality of adjacent channels, wherein the fins are positioned at an angle with respect to the length dimension of the front wall, with each of the fins having a continuous uninterrupted structure across the outer surface between the opposing side walls; a removable back cover having an outer surface opposite the front wall and configured to seal the chamber of the housing, the back cover comprising a plurality of angled heat transfer fins that are an integral part of the outer surface of the back cover; a plurality of receiving mounts on the housing; and a plurality of clamps on the back cover, the clamps configured to engage the receiving mounts to hold the back cover against the housing. 23. The apparatus of claim 22, further comprising a pair of strand mount hooks for coupling the housing to a cable. 24. The apparatus of claim 23, further comprising a pair of cable clamps for securing the strand mount hooks in place. 25. The apparatus of claim 22, further comprising a mounting bracket attached to the back cover, the mounting bracket comprising: a pair of opposing rail members; and a joint member contiguous with the rail members. 26. The apparatus of claim 25, wherein the rail members each have a mounting tab with an aperture therethrough so that the apparatus is mountable on a wall. 27. The apparatus of claim 25, wherein the rail members have opposing slits for metal straps so that the apparatus is mountable on a pole. 28. The apparatus of claim 25, wherein the joint member has a mounting tab with an aperture therethrough for securing the mounting bracket to the back cover. 29. The apparatus of claim 22, further comprising a solar shield attached to the housing, the solar shield comprising: a front shield portion attached to the front wall of the housing; and a back shield portion attached to the opposing side walls of the housing. 30. The apparatus of claim 29, wherein the back shield portion has a plurality of apertures to provide for air venting and cooling. 31. The apparatus of claim 22, wherein the housing is configured so that up to three different telecommunication services can be provided therefrom. 