A wearable therapeutic device is disclosed. The wearable therapeutic device may have a power source and a vibrating motor disposed in separate portions of a housing. The separate portions of the housing may be coupled and mounted on a wearable article. The power source may provide power to the vibrating motor, thus vibrating the device and providing therapy to a wearer.
Claims 1. A therapeutic device, comprising: at least one power source; at least one vibrating motor; and a housing having at least a first portion and a second portion, the housing configured to be mounted to a wearable article and to contain the at least one power source and the at least one vibrating motor in the first portion and second portion, and the first portion and second portion having threading used couple the first portion and the second portion. 2. The therapeutic device of claim 1, further comprising a protrusion in the second portion of the housing which contacts the at least one power source and the at least one vibrating motor when the first portion of the housing is coupled with the second portion of the housing. 3. The therapeutic device of claim 1, wherein the at least one power source is a battery. 4. The therapeutic device of claim 1, wherein the at least one power source is a solar cell. 5. The therapeutic device of claim 1, further comprising an external power source which is remotely located from the therapeutic device and provides power to the therapeutic device. 6. The therapeutic device of claim 5, wherein the external power source is configured to be a wearable article. 7. The therapeutic device of claim 6, wherein the external power source is a solar cell. 8. The therapeutic device of claim 1, wherein the housing is mounted on a bracelet. 9. The therapeutic device of claim 1, wherein the housing is mounted on a ring. 10. The therapeutic device of claim 1, wherein the housing is mounted on a brace for a human joint. 11. The therapeutic device of claim 1, wherein the housing is mounted on a carrying strap. 12. The therapeutic device of claim 1, wherein the housing includes at least two power sources and at least two vibrating motors. 13. A method of providing therapy, comprising: disposing a vibrating motor in a first portion of a housing; disposing a power source in a second portion of a housing; coupling the first portion of the housing with the second portion of the housing; mounting the housing on a wearable article; wearing the wearable article; powering the vibrating motor with the battery; and vibrating the wearable article through the use of the vibrating motor. 14. The method of providing therapy of claim 13, further comprising: generating power through the use of a solar cell. 15. The method of providing therapy of claim 13, further comprising: disposing a wearable external power source remotely from the wearable article. 16. The method of providing therapy of claim 15, wherein external power source is a wearable article. 17. The method of providing therapy of claim 16, wherein the vibrating motor is provided power from the power source when the first portion of the housing is coupled with the second portion of the housing. 18. The method of providing therapy of claim 13, wherein the power source is a battery. 19. The method of providing therapy of claim 13, wherein the wearable article is a piece of jewelry. 20. The method of providing therapy of claim 19, wherein the piece of jewelry is a bracelet. 21. The method of providing therapy of claim 19, wherein the piece of jewelry is a ring. 22. A method of providing therapy with a wearable article, comprising: means for providing vibrations; means for providing electric power; means for housing the vibratory means; means for mounting; means for wearing the wearable article on a body or clothing; and means for activating the means for providing vibrations. 23. The method of providing therapy with a wearable article of claim 22, further comprising: means for providing auxiliary power to the wearable article. 24. The method of providing therapy with a wearable article of claim 22, further comprising: means for generating solar power. 