A lighting system control device charging system and method including a control device charged from a light source in a lighting system, including control photovoltaic cell 28 responsive to control light 46 from the light source and generating control charging power 44; a capacitor storing the control charging power 44 and generating control supply power 42; and a control microcontroller unit (MCU)/transceiver 24 powered by control supply power 42 and generating a communications signal 40 to the lighting system. The control microcontroller unit (MCU)/transceiver 24 monitors charge state of the capacitor and directs the lighting system to increase the control light 46 when the charge state is below a low charge setpoint.
Claims 1. A control device charged from a light source in a lighting system comprising: a control photovoltaic cell 28 responsive to control light 46 from the light source and generating control charging power 44; a capacitor storing the control charging power 44 and generating control supply power 42; and a control microcontroller unit (MCU)/transceiver 24 powered by control supply power 42 and generating a communications signal 40 to the lighting system; wherein the control microcontroller unit (MCU)/transceiver 24 monitors charge state of the capacitor and directs the lighting system to increase the control light 46 when the charge state is below a low charge setpoint. 2. The device of claim 1 further comprising a battery operably connected to the capacitor to generate the control supply power 42 when the charge state is below the low charge setpoint. 3. The device of claim 2 wherein the battery is a rechargeable battery. 4. The device of claim 1 further comprising a control operational interface 22 receiving control operational input 36 from a control external object 34 and providing an operational signal 36 to the control MCU/transceiver 24. 5. The device of claim 4 wherein the control operational interface 22 is selected from the group consisting of a keyboard, a touch sensitive liquid crystal display, a light sensor, and an occupancy sensor. 6. The device of claim 1 further comprising a global positioning system (GPS) operably connected to provide location information to the control MCU/transceiver 24. 7. A method for charging a control device from a light source comprising: providing the control device having a capacitor chargeable from a photovoltaic cell; monitoring charge state of the capacitor 72; determining when the charge state is less than a low charge setpoint 74; and increasing light from the light source to the photovoltaic cell when the charge state is less than the low charge setpoint 76. 8. The method of claim 7 further comprising: determining when the charge state is greater than a fully charged setpoint 78; and setting light from the light source at a present light demand when the charge state is greater than the fully charged setpoint 82. 9. The method of claim 7 further comprising charging the control device from available light. 10. The method of claim 7 further comprising powering the control device from a backup battery when the charge state is less than the low charge setpoint. 11. The method of claim 7 further comprising providing an alarm when the charge state is less than the low charge setpoint. 12. The method of claim 7 wherein the light source is a plurality of light sources, further comprising locating a control device position, and the increasing light comprises increasing light from the plurality of light sources at the control device position. 13. A system for charging a control device from a light source, the control device having a capacitor chargeable from a photovoltaic cell, comprising: means for monitoring charge state of the capacitor; means for determining when the charge state is less than a low charge setpoint; and means for increasing light from the light source to the photovoltaic cell when the charge state is less than the low charge setpoint. 14. The system of claim 13 further comprising: means for determining when the charge state is greater than a fully charged setpoint; and means for setting light from the light source at a present light demand when the charge state is greater than the fully charged setpoint. 15. The system of claim 13 further comprising means for charging the control device from available light. 16. The system of claim 13 further comprising means for powering the control device from a backup battery when the charge state is less than the low charge setpoint. 17. The system of claim 13 further comprising means for providing an alarm when the charge state is less than the low charge setpoint. 18. The system of claim 13 wherein the light source is a plurality of light sources, further comprising means for locating a control device position, and the means for increasing light comprises means for increasing light from the plurality of light sources at the control device position. 19. A remote sensor charged from a light source in a lighting system comprising: control photovoltaic cell 28 responsive to control light 46 from the light source and generating control charging power 44; control power storage 26 storing the control charging power 44 and generating control supply power 42; a control microcontroller unit (MCU)/transceiver 24 powered by control supply power 42 and generating a communications signal 40 to the lighting system; and a control operational interface 22 receiving control operational input 36 from a control external object 34 and providing an operational signal 36 to the control MCU/transceiver 24; wherein the control microcontroller unit (MCU)/transceiver 24 monitors charge state of the control power storage 26 and directs the lighting system to increase the control light 46 when the charge state is below a low charge setpoint. 20. The sensor of claim 19 wherein the control power storage 26 is selected from the group consisting of a capacitor, a rechargeable battery, and a capacitor/battery combination. 21. The sensor of claim 19 wherein the control power storage 26 is a capacitor/battery combination comprising a battery operably connected to a capacitor, the battery generating the control supply power 42 when the charge state is below the low charge setpoint. 22. The sensor of claim 21 wherein the battery is a rechargeable battery. 23. The sensor of claim 19 wherein the control operational interface 22 is selected from the group consisting of a light sensor and an occupancy sensor. 24. A method for charging a remote sensor from a light source comprising: providing the remote sensor having control power storage chargeable from a photovoltaic cell; monitoring charge state of the control power storage 72; determining when the charge state is less than a low charge setpoint 74; and increasing light from the light source to the photovoltaic cell when the charge state is less than the low charge setpoint 76. 25. The method of claim 24 further comprising: determining when the charge state is greater than a fully charged setpoint 78; and setting light from the light source at a present light demand when the charge state is greater than the fully charged setpoint 82. 26. The method of claim 24 wherein the remote sensor is selected from the group consisting of a light sensor and an occupancy sensor. 27. The method of claim 24 further comprising charging the remote sensor from available light. 28. The method of claim 24 wherein the control power storage is selected from the group consisting of a capacitor, a rechargeable battery, and a capacitor/battery combination. 29. The method of claim 24 wherein the control power storage is a capacitor and battery combination, further comprising powering the control device from the battery when the charge state is less than the low charge setpoint. 30. The method of claim 29 wherein the battery is a rechargeable battery. 31. The method of claim 24 further comprising providing an alarm when the charge state is less than the low charge setpoint. 32. The method of claim 24 wherein the light source is a plurality of light sources, further comprising locating a control device position, and the increasing light comprises increasing light from the plurality of light sources at the control device position. 33. A system for charging a remote sensor from a light source, the remote sensor having control power storage chargeable from a photovoltaic cell, comprising: means for monitoring charge state of the control power storage; means for determining when the charge state is less than a low charge setpoint; and means for increasing light from the light source to the photovoltaic cell when the charge state is less than the low charge setpoint. 34. The system of claim 33 further comprising: means for determining when the charge state is greater than a fully charged setpoint; and means for setting light from the light source at a present light demand when the charge state is greater than the fully charged setpoint. 35. The system of claim 33 further comprising means for charging the remote sensor from available light. 36. The system of claim 33 wherein the control power storage is a capacitor and battery combination, further comprising means for powering the control device from the battery when the charge state is less than the low charge setpoint. 37. The system of claim 33 further comprising means for providing an alarm when the charge state is less than the low charge setpoint. 38. The method of claim 33 wherein the light source is a plurality of light sources, further comprising means for locating a control device position, and the means for increasing light comprises means for increasing light from the plurality of light sources at the control device position. 39. A control device charging system comprising: control power storage 26 generating control supply power 42; a control microcontroller unit (MCU)/transceiver 24 powered by control supply power 42 and generating a communications signal 40; a control operational interface 22 receiving control operational input 36 from a control external object 34 and providing an operational signal 36 to the control MCU/transceiver 24; a charger photovoltaic cell 158 responsive to charger charging light 160 and generating charger charging power 157; charger power storage 156 storing the charger charging power 157 and generating charger supply power 155 and charger power 151; and a charger interface 152 operably connectable to the control device interface 122 to communicate the charger power 151 through the control device interface 122 between the charger power storage 156 and the control power storage 26. 40. The system of claim 39 further comprising a control operational interface 22 receiving control operational input 36 from a control external object 34 and providing an operational signal 36 to the control MCU/transceiver 24. 41. The system of claim 40 wherein the control operational interface 22 is selected from the group consisting of a keyboard, a touch sensitive liquid crystal display, a light sensor, and an occupancy sensor. 42. The system of claim 39 further comprising a charger microcontroller unit (MCU)/transceiver operably connected to monitor charge state of the charger power storage 156 and to direct an increase in the charger charging light 160 when the charge state is below a low charge setpoint. 43. The system of claim 39 further comprising a control photovoltaic cell 28 responsive to control light 46 and generating control charging power 44 provided to the control power storage 26. 