As an example, we are introducing an elastomeric molded skin, that covers the camera and provides rigorous protection against drop, dirt, and general wear-and-tear on the camera. The skin covers most, many, or all possible surfaces and replicates the existing camera buttons with elastomeric/rubber buttons, which the user can press on, to activate all the existing functions of the camera, without exposing the buttons to any dirt or moisture. The skin has both open and "open-able" areas, to allow the user access to functional areas on the camera (in this example), e.g. to replace the battery or memory card. This is particularly useful for all SLR cameras, and compact cameras with one or more LCDs.
Claims 1. A skin cover for a camera, wherein said skin cover comprises an elastic molded material, wherein said skin cover covers said camera, wherein said skin cover comprises one or more elastic or rubber buttons which mirror, associated with, or correspond to said camera's buttons, and wherein said skin cover comprises one or more open areas, accessible areas, extensions, or flaps, to allow a user access or use one or more functional areas on said camera. 2. A skin cover for a camera, wherein said skin cover comprises an elastic molded material, wherein said skin cover covers said camera, and wherein said camera is a single-lens reflex camera. 3. A skin cover for a camera, wherein said skin cover comprises an elastic molded material, wherein said skin cover covers said camera, wherein said camera is a compact camera, and wherein said skin cover comprises a display cover. 4. A skin cover for a camera as recited in claim 3, wherein said display is an LCD display. 5. A skin cover for a camera as recited in claim 1, wherein said one or more functional areas on said camera comprises or relates to one or more of the following: battery, memory card, flash assembly, pop-up flash, hot-shoe, tripod mounting hole, tripod, LCD, display, or lens assembly. 6. A skin cover for a camera as recited in claim 1, wherein said one or more functional areas on said camera are located at one or more of the following: on the bottom of said camera, on the sides of said camera, on the top of said camera, on the back of said camera, or on the front of said camera. 7. A skin cover for a camera as recited in claim 1, wherein said skin cover comprises a lens protector. 8. A skin cover for a camera as recited in claim 1, wherein said skin cover stretches over a lens protector. 9. A skin cover for a camera as recited in claim 1, wherein said skin cover is attached to a lens protector. 10. A skin cover for a camera as recited in claim 1, wherein said skin cover is attached to a belt, pants, skirt, shirt, or purse. 11. A skin cover for a camera as recited in claim 1, wherein the inside or outside of said skin cover comprises designs, text, or patterns. 12. A skin cover for a camera as recited in claim 11, wherein said designs, text, or patterns are for decoration, advertisement, instructions, or convenience of a user. 13. A skin cover for a camera as recited in claim 1, wherein said skin cover is either custom-made for a specific camera, or semi-custom-made for a class, family, or type of a camera. 14. A skin cover for a camera as recited in claim 1, wherein said skin cover comprises multiple layers. 15. A skin cover for a camera as recited in claim 1, wherein said skin cover is inflatable. 16. A skin cover for a camera as recited in claim 15, wherein said skin cover is inflated using one or more of the following, or combination or mixture of the following: gas, liquid, solid, dust, gel-type, liquidated-solid, pressurized fluid, water-absorbent sponge, sponge-type material, or any expandable solid, liquid, fluid, chemical, gas, or material, caused by chemical reaction, heat, temperature variation, catalyst, chain reaction, exceeding critical mass, seed material, mixing, or pressure. 17. A skin cover for a camera as recited in claim 16, wherein the size or shape of said skin cover is adjusted based on the size, model, or type of the camera. 18. A skin cover for a camera as recited in claim 17, wherein the size or shape of said skin cover is adjusted by one or more of the following, or a combination of the following: a user, a computer, feedback from one or more sensors, feedback module, pressure gauges at different points, data about the model number or type of said camera, data about the dimensions or weight of said camera, fuzzy logic system, a training module, or a neural network module. 19. A skin cover for a camera as recited in claim 1, wherein said skin cover is made of or comprises one or more of the following materials or structures: plastic, elastic material, nylon, bubble-protection material, layered material, soft material, synthetic material, shock absorbent material, hard material, solid material, liquid-containing material, gas-containing material, pressurized-gas-containing material, balloon-type material, inflatable material, gel-type material, natural material, leather, water-proof material, oil-protected surface, paper, cardboard, stretchable material, elastic band network, net-shape material, magnetic material, metallic material, metallic chain, array of metallic rings, multi-dimensional structure, folded structure, hinges, hinged plates, hinged micro-plates, connected tiles, Lego-shaped material, brick-shaped material, ceramic tiles, stone tiles, artificial material tiles, glass tiles, transparent material, translucent material, reflective material, fluorescent material, metal-plated material, painted material, rug, woven material, bamboo, carpet material, wooden material, sticks, insulation material, water-cooling jacket, air-cooling jacket, heating-element jacket, insulation jacket, or any similar material, compound, chemical, or composite material. 20. A skin cover for a camera as recited in claim 1, wherein said skin cover is attached to one or more of the following items: a picture frame, clock, notebook, calculator, solar cell array, battery, pen holder, pen, pencil, magnetic plate, magnetic decoration, light, LED, LCD, display, small TV, small radio, thermometer, pressure gauge, biometric sensor, thumb or fingerprint recognition module, combination lock, lock, Velcro, hook-and-loop, password entry input, small keyboard, input device, pointing device, speaker, microphone, small telephone set, keychain ring, hook, small video game, music player, downloading unit, wireless unit, communication unit, antenna, small computer, small web browser, recorder, or any electronic or mechanical device, apparatus, system, toy, decoration, or equipment. 