A high R-rating window assembly storing multiple, reciprocating reflective flexible film layers defined by one or more parallel, displaced films or looped films define the layers. The layers are contained in a sealed housing between rigid transparent (e.g. glazed) layers. The glazed layers are separated on the order of 3 to 5-inches and are secured to low thermal conductivity framework pieces. The framework is capped with a motorized roller and film housing and the assembly is evacuated and filled with a desiccated, inert dry gas. Several plastic, reflective coated films are supported under tension in planar parallel relation between the glazing layers from the motorized roller and several guide rollers and guide tracks. Location sensors responsive to indicia on the films identify film position. Temperature sensors monitor ambient, internal and user set thermal conditions to control film exposure. The films are operable via a room control system and window controllers to define open, closed and partial exposure conditions. Alternative control functions may control film exposure in relation to room occupancy.
Claims 1. A window comprising: a) a sash framework comprising a plurality of sash pieces mounted to define an endless perimeter and wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to cover said framework to define an airtight interior primary space; b) a roller mounted within said primary space and including a plurality of guide members mounted to said framework to span between opposed first and second sash pieces; and c) a first film member mounted to said roller and abutting said guide members to define a plurality of loops and overlapping film layers, wherein said first film member is mounted for reciprocating movement and said guide members displace said plurality of film layers apart from one another and from said first and second glazing pieces to define a plurality of non-convective dead airspaces between adjacent ones of said plurality of films and said first and second glazing pieces. 2. A window as set forth in claim 1 including motorized means coupled to said roller for extending and retracting said film. 3. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein said roller includes a hollow primary roller and wherein said first film member is mounted to said primary roller and a motor is coupled to the interior of said primary roller to rotate said roller to extend and retract said film. 4. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein said opposed first and second sash pieces include a plurality of channels and wherein said plurality of guide members train peripheral edges of each of said plurality of film loops in said channels. 5. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein said plurality of guide members comprise a plurality of rollers mounted to said framework to support said film layers. 6. A window as set forth in claim 5 wherein said opposed first and second sash pieces include a plurality of channels and wherein said plurality of rollers train peripheral edges of each of said plurality of film loops in said channels. 7. A window as set forth in claim 1 including means for monitoring changing solar radiation conditions external to an enclosed building space containing said window and wherein a motorized means coupled to said roller responsively controls the movement of said plurality of film loops between retracted and extended conditions. 8. A window as set forth in claim 7 including means for monitoring movement of said first film member and limiting the movement of said layers to a plurality of predetermined stop points that define selected exposures. 9. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein a plurality of supports abut said roller. 10. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein said plurality of guide members each exhibit an elongated arcuate surface that engages said first film member, wherein said first and second sash pieces are mounted substantially parallel to each other and include a plurality of channels, and wherein peripheral edges of each of said plurality of film loops are respectively contained in said channels. 11. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein a sash piece mounted transverse to said first and second sash pieces includes a plurality of channels and wherein each of said plurality of film loops respectively mounts in a channel of the transverse sash piece when said plurality of films are in a fully extended condition. 12. A window as set forth in claim 1 including an expansible member mounted in said primary space to said framework to define a secondary interior space and wherein said expansible member is mounted to flex with pressure changes within the primary space. 13. A window as set forth in claim 1 including means for applying tension to each of said plurality of film loops to maintain each of said film loops in a taught, substantially unwrinkled condition. 14. A window as set forth in claim 1 including a second film defining at least one layer mounted between said plurality of film loops and said first and second glazing pieces in parallel relation to said plurality of loops and said first and second glazing pieces. 15. A window as set forth in claim 1 including a second film defining at least one loop and mounted between two of said plurality of loops of said first film member and said first and second glazing pieces in parallel relation to said plurality of loops and said first and second glazing pieces. 16. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein each of said plurality of film layers is coated with a material to provide a low-emissivity and high solar reflectance. 17. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein said first film member is mounted to said roller at one end and to said framework at an opposite distal end. 18. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein first and second ends of said first film member are mounted to said roller to define an endless circumference and said plurality of intermediate loops. 19. A window comprising: a) a sash framework comprising a plurality of sash pieces mounted to define an endless perimeter and wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to cover said framework to define an airtight interior primary space; b) a roller mounted within said primary space and including a plurality of guide members mounted to said framework to span between opposed first and second sash pieces; and c) a film member mounted to said roller to define an endless circumference and abutting said guide members to define a plurality of intermediate loops and overlapping film layers, wherein each of said plurality of film layers is coated with a material to provide a low-emissivity and high solar reflectance, and wherein said film member is mounted for reciprocating movement and said guide members displace said plurality of film layers apart from one another and from said first and second glazing pieces in planar parallel relation to define a plurality of non-convective dead airspaces between adjacent ones of said plurality of films and said first and second glazing pieces. 20. A window as set forth in claim 19 including motorized means coupled to said roller for extending and retracting said film member and further including means for monitoring changing solar radiation conditions external to an enclosed building space containing said window and wherein a motorized means coupled to said roller responsively controls the movement of said plurality of film loops between retracted and extended conditions. 21. A window as set forth in claim 20 including sensor means for monitoring a thermal condition in a building space containing said window and a solar condition representative of solar energy incident on said film member and responsively coupled to direct said motorized means. 22. A window comprising: a) a sash framework comprising a plurality of sash pieces mounted to define an endless perimeter and wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to cover said framework to define an airtight interior primary space; b) a roller mounted within said primary space and including a plurality of guide members mounted to said framework to span between opposed first and second sash pieces; and c) a film member mounted to said roller at one end and to an anchor at an opposite distal end and abutting said guide members to define a plurality of intermediate loops and overlapping film layers, wherein each of said plurality of film layers is coated with a material to provide a low-emissivity and high solar reflectance, and wherein said film member is mounted for reciprocating movement and said guide members displace said plurality of film layers apart from one another and from said first and second glazing pieces in planar parallel relation to define a plurality of non-convective dead airspaces between adjacent ones of said plurality of films and said first and second glazing pieces. 23. A window as set forth in claim 22 including motorized means coupled to said roller for extending and retracting said film member and further including means for monitoring changing solar radiation conditions external to an enclosed building space containing said window and wherein a motorized means coupled to said roller responsively controls the movement of said plurality of film loops between retracted and extended conditions. 24. A window as set forth in claim 23 including sensor means comprised of a plurality of thermistors coupled to sense a temperature within the building space and solar radiation incident on said film member and responsively coupled to direct said motorized means. 25. A window as set forth in claim 23 wherein said guide means is selected from a class containing rollers, coated or uncoated wires, rods, tubes, formed channels or formed flanged webs or combinations thereof. 