A compact solar concentrator photovoltaic module assembly includes a plurality of rear contact solar cells configured in a matrix array on a substrate. The substrate is comprised of conductors laminated to an insulator sheet to form a receiver sheet. A lens sheet on which many lenses have been formed is disposed in a fixed spaced relation to the substrate and operates to focus sunlight onto the active surfaces of the PV cells. The overall thickness of the concentrator module is less than four inches thick. The receiver sheet may be assembled using standard, surface mount printed circuit board assembly techniques. The receiver sheet may have a secondary optical element and may also serve as part of the encapsulant for environmental protection.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic power module comprising: a plurality of rear contact photovoltaic cells mounted on a single conductive receiver board, the conductive receiver board comprising at least one first conductive path and at least one second conductive path, the at least one first conductive path electrically isolated from the at least one second conductive path, wherein a first conductive surface of each rear contact photovoltaic cells is electrically connected to the at least one first conductive path and a second conductive surface of each rear contact photovoltaic cells is electrically connected to the at least one second conductive path; and a primary lens sheet for concentrating light rays comprising a plurality of lenses which correspond to the plurality of rear contact photovoltaic cells, wherein each lens focuses the light rays across a photoactive surface of each rear contact photovoltaic cell. 2. The photovoltaic module of claim 1 further comprising a secondary lens sheet disposed between the primary lens sheet and the photoactive surface of each rear contact photovoltaic cell for uniformly distributing the light rays on each photovoltaic cell. 3. The photovoltaic module of claim 2 wherein the secondary lens sheet comprises a plurality of rectangular lenses for redirecting and distributing the light rays in a rectangular pattern. 4. The photovoltaic module of claim 2 wherein the secondary lens sheet comprises a plurality of circular lenses for distributing the light rays in a circular pattern. 5. The photovoltaic module of claim 2 where in the secondary lens sheet comprises reflective elements. 6. The photovoltaic power module of claim 1 wherein the receiver board comprises an encapsulated receiver board. 7. The photovoltaic power module of claim 1 wherein the receiver board comprises a printed circuit board. 8. The photovoltaic power module of claim 1 further comprising a back conductive layer for dissipating heat. 9. The photovoltaic power module of claim 1 wherein the plurality of rear contact photovoltaic cells are connected in parallel. 10. The photovoltaic power module of claim 1 wherein the plurality of rear contact photovoltaic cells are connected in series. 11. The photovoltaic power module of claim 1 wherein the plurality of rear contact photovoltaic cells comprise at least one first set of rear contact photovoltaic cells connected in parallel and electrically connected to at least one second set of rear contact photovoltaic cells connected in series configured to output a predetermined voltage. 12. The photovoltaic module of claim 1 wherein a thickness of the photovoltaic module is less than 4 inches. 13. A method of making a photovoltaic module comprising a plurality of rear contact photovoltaic cells, the method comprising the steps of: providing a single printed circuit board comprising a pattern to corresponding to conductive surfaces on the rear contact photovoltaic cells; testing each rear contact photovoltaic cell for a specified output; placing the tested rear contact photovoltaic cells of the pattern of the printed circuit board; soldering the conductive surfaces to the pattern of the printed circuit board; and disposing a primary lens sheet for concentrating light rays on a photoactive surface of each rear contact photovoltaic cell at a predetermined distance from the photoactive surface. 14. The method of claim 13 further comprising the step of disposing a secondary lens between the primary lens and the photoactive surface. 15. The method of claim 14 further comprising the step of redirecting and distributing the concentrated light rays in a rectangular configuration. 16. The method of claim 14 further comprising the step of distributing the concentrated light rays in a circular configuration. 17. The method of claim 13 further comprising the step of encapsulating the printed circuit board after the soldering step. 18. The method of claim 13 further comprising mounting the printed circuit board and the primary lens in a frame. 19. The method of claim 13 further comprising the step of covering the primary lens with an abrasion resistant coating. 20. The method of claim 13 further comprising the step of disposing a back conductive layer on the printed circuit board for dissipating heat. 21. The method of claim 13 wherein the pattern comprises connecting the rear contact photovoltaic cells in series. 22. The method of claim 13 wherein the pattern comprises connecting the rear contact photovoltaic cells in parallel. 23. The method of claim 13 wherein the pattern comprises at least one first set of rear contact photovoltaic cells connected in parallel and electrically connected to at least one second set of rear contact photovoltaic cells connected in series, configured to output a predetermined voltage. 24. The method of claim 13 wherein the photovoltaic module comprises a thickness of less than 4 inches. 