A light emitting module capable of flexibly accommodating a wide range of applications, and a production method capable of easily producing such a light emitting module. A 1.8 mm-thick glass substrate is used as a first substrate. A circuit pattern as shown in FIG. 1 is formed. Circuit forming silver paste is used as a conduction layer. Silver paste is printed on the surface of the first substrate by a screen printing method, and then it is heat-cured for 40 min at 150.degree. C. Conductive bonding silver paste as a conductive bonding layer is printed on land patterns at the opposite ends of a gap by a screen printing method. Then, a chip LED as a light emitting element is used to mount the opposite poles of each chip LED by using a mounter so as to allow them conduct with each other by means of conductive bonding silver paste printed on the land patterns. Then, the silver paste is heat-cured for 10 min at 150.degree. C. to bond the chip LED.
Claims 1. A light emitting module, comprising a structure wherein over a first substrate having at least electric non-conductance, an electroconductive layer, an electroconductive adhesive layer, light emitting elements the number of which is predetermined, a transparent adhesive layer, and a second substrate having translucency are successively laminated in this order, wherein the electroconductive layer has a circuit pattern for causing the light emitting elements to emit light. 2. The light emitting module according to claim 1, wherein the first substrate and the second substrate are each a film, a glass substrate, or a plastic substrate. 3. The light emitting module according to claim 1, wherein the electroconductive layer is made of an electroconductive paste, a metal foil, or a metal film. 4. The light emitting module according to claim 1, wherein the first substrate is a film, and the film has therein a metal foil layer or a metal film layer. 5. The light emitting module according to claim 1, wherein the circuit pattern is a pattern wherein a plurality of lines of light emitting elements connected in series are connected in parallel with each other. 6. The light emitting module according to claim 1, wherein the transparent adhesive layer is made of low-temperature crosslinking type EVA. 7. A light emitting module, comprising a first substrate having electric non-conductance, and one structure wherein at least an electroconductive layer, an electroconductive adhesive layer and light emitting elements the number of which is predetermined are successively laminated in this order, the structure being over the first substrate and being sandwiched between second substrate having translucency and third substrate, and an adhesive layer being interposed between each of the second and third substrates and the structure. 8. A light emitting module, comprising a first substrate having electric non-conductance, and a plurality of structures in each of which at least an electroconductive layer, an electroconductive adhesive layer and light emitting elements the number of which is predetermined are successively laminated in this order, the structures being over the first substrate, being connected to each other in a planar form, and being sandwiched between second substrate having translucency and third substrate, and an adhesive layer being interposed between each of the second and third substrates and the structures. 9. The light emitting module according to claim 7, wherein the third substrate is a film, a glass substrate or a plastic substrate. 10. The light emitting module according to claim 7, wherein between the third substrate and the adhesive layer, a reflecting layer covering the whole or a part of the surface of the third substrate is formed. 11. A method for producing a light emitting module according to claim 1, comprising the steps of printing or painting an electroconductive paste on a first substrate into a predetermined pattern, and then setting the paste thermally, thereby yielding a circuit pattern of an electroconductive layer. 12. A method for producing a light emitting module according to claim 1, comprising the steps of laminating a metal foil on a first substrate through an adhesive, painting a resist material on this metal foil, radiating light thereon into a predetermined pattern, developing the resist material, etching unnecessary portions to remove the portions, and then removing the resist material, thereby yielding a circuit pattern of an electroconductive layer. 13. A method for producing a light emitting module according to claim 1, comprising the steps of forming a metallic film on a first substrate by vapor deposition or sputtering, painting a resist material on this metal film, radiating light thereon into a predetermined pattern, developing the resist material, etching unnecessary portions to remove the portions, and then removing the resist material, thereby yielding a circuit pattern of an electroconductive layer. 14. A method for producing a light emitting module according to claim 1, comprising the steps of: using an electroconductive paste for adhesion to form a predetermined pattern of an electroconductive adhesive layer on a first substrate when light emitting elements are caused to adhere to an electroconductive layer through the electroconductive adhesive layer; mounting the light emitting elements on the pattern; and subsequently setting the paste thermally. 15. A method for producing a light emitting module according to claim 1, comprising the steps of: using creamy solder to form a predetermined pattern of an electroconductive adhesive layer on a first substrate when light emitting elements are caused to adhere to an electroconductive layer through the electroconductive adhesive layer; mounting the light emitting elements on the pattern; and subsequently subjecting the resultant to heating treatment by means of a reflow furnace. 16. A light emitting device, comprising a light emitting module according to claim 1, and a solar cell. 