An apparatus for holding a plurality of solar cell units includes a mounting member to be fixed onto a roof, a plurality of fixtures, and a frame member having to-be-sandwiched portions to be sandwiched and fixed between the mounting member and the fixtures, and grooves that support the ends of the plate-shaped solar cell units. The to-be-sandwiched portions of the frame members are positioned inside projection plane regions that project the solar cell units and the grooves immediately below, whereby the distance between adjacent solar cell units reduces.
Claims 1-8. (canceled) 9. An apparatus for holding a plurality of solar cell units that are plate-shaped, comprising: a mounting member configured to be fixed onto a roof; a plurality of fixtures; and a frame member including to-be-sandwiched portions configured to be sandwiched and fixed between the mounting member and the fixtures, and unit supporting portions configured to support ends of the solar cell units, wherein the frame member includes projection plane regions configured to project the solar cell units and the unit supporting portions directly underneath, and the to-be-sandwiched portions are positioned inside the projection plane regions. 10. The apparatus according to claim 9, wherein the frame member includes a groove in which a first end of the solar cell unit is fitted, a downward extending portion that bends and extends downward from any one of a middle and an end of a lower plate of the groove almost perpendicularly to the lower plate, and the to-be-sandwiched portion projects sideward from the downward extending portion. 11. The apparatus according to claim 10, wherein the mounting member is convex in shape and has steps, and is placed such that the convex portion faces towards sunlight, the frame member has holes in which electrical cables of the solar cell unit are inserted, and is arranged on the steps of the mounting member, and a space surrounded by a pair of facing frame members and an upper surface of the mounting member houses the electrical cables. 12. The apparatus according to claim 11, wherein the frame member includes a concave portion configured to be engaged with a step of the mounting member. 13. The apparatus according to claim 11, wherein the fixtures and the mounting member are fixed with bolts, and a cover with a flat upper surface is provided between the pair of facing frame members, for internal protection. 14. The apparatus according to claim 13, wherein the cover includes a guide rail at its center, and the fixture includes fastening portions configured to come into contact with the to-be-sandwiched portions of the frame members, and guide supports that engage with the guide rail to guide and support the cover. 15. The apparatus according to claim 13, wherein the cover has a guide rail at each of two ends, the fixture includes fastening portions configured to come into contact with the to-be-sandwiched portions of the frame members, and a pair of guide supports that engage with the guide rails to guide and support the cover, and the fixture has a length so as to be rotated by 90 degrees and arranged between the pair of facing frame members. 16. An apparatus for holding a plurality of solar cell units that are plate-shaped, comprising: a mounting member configured to be fixed onto a roof; a plurality of fixtures; and a frame member including to-be-sandwiched portions configured to be sandwiched and fixed between the mounting member and the fixtures, and unit supporting portions configured to support ends of the solar cell units, wherein the to-be-sandwiched portions are formed almost immediately below the ends of the solar cell units. 