An emergency lamp includes a base, a lamp shade combined with the base, a control circuit mounted in the base, at least one storage battery mounted in the base, a light gathering board mounted in the lamp shade, a plurality of light emitting members mounted on the light gathering board, a light permeable board mounted on the lamp shade, and an optical energy board mounted on the lamp shade. Thus, the electric power of the emergency lamp is supplied by the optical energy board without needing an external electric power supply, so that the emergency lamp has an energy-saving effect. In addition, the emergency lamp has energy-saving, emergency illuminating and emergency direction indicating functions, thereby enhancing the versatility of the emergency lamp.
Claims 1. An emergency lamp, comprising: a base; a lamp shade combined with the base; a control circuit mounted in the base; at least one storage battery mounted in the base; a light gathering board mounted in the lamp shade; a plurality of light emitting members mounted on the light gathering board; a light permeable board mounted on the lamp shade; an optical energy board mounted on the lamp shade. 2. The emergency lamp in accordance with claim 1, wherein the base has a hollow inside for mounting the control circuit and the storage battery. 3. The emergency lamp in accordance with claim 1, wherein the lamp shade has a hollow inside for mounting the light gathering board. 4. The emergency lamp in accordance with claim 1, wherein the optical energy board is mounted on a top face of the lamp shade. 5. The emergency lamp in accordance with claim 1, wherein the optical energy board is located above the light gathering board. 6. The emergency lamp in accordance with claim 1, wherein the light permeable board is mounted on a front side of the lamp shade and located in front of the light gathering board. 7. The emergency lamp in accordance with claim 1, wherein the light permeable board is disposed at an inclined state. 8. The emergency lamp in accordance with claim 1, wherein the control circuit is electrically connected to the optical energy board, the storage battery and the light emitting members. 9. The emergency lamp in accordance with claim 1, wherein the a solar energy collected by the optical energy board is supplied into the control circuit which converts the solar energy into an electric power which is supplied into the light emitting members which emit light beams outwardly. 10. The emergency lamp in accordance with claim 9, wherein the electric power is also stored in the storage battery. 11. The emergency lamp in accordance with claim 9, wherein the light beams emitted from the light emitting members are gathered by the light gathering board, and the gathered light beams from the light gathering board are emitted outwardly from the light permeable board to provide an emergency illuminating effect. 12. The emergency lamp in accordance with claim 9, wherein the electric power of the emergency lamp is supplied by the optical energy board. 13. The emergency lamp in accordance with claim 1, wherein each of the light emitting members is made of a light emitting diode (LED). 14. The emergency lamp in accordance with claim 1, wherein the control circuit is also electrically connected to a sensor. 15. The emergency lamp in accordance with claim 14, wherein the sensor is a light source sensor which functions as a switch to control operation of the light emitting members by detecting variation of an environmental lightness of a place in which the emergency lamp is disposed. 16. The emergency lamp in accordance with claim 14, wherein the sensor is a detection sensor which functions as a switch to control operation of the light emitting members by detecting variation of an environmental condition of a place in which the emergency lamp is disposed. 17. The emergency lamp in accordance with claim 1, wherein the control circuit is also electrically connected to a mains power supply to co-operate with the optical energy board. 18. The emergency lamp in accordance with claim 1, wherein the lamp shade has a front end formed with an inclined face provided with a light permeable direction indication portion. 19. The emergency lamp in accordance with claim 1, wherein the direction indication portion is located between the light permeable board and the optical energy board. 20. The emergency lamp in accordance with claim 1, wherein the light gathering board has a substantially V-shaped cross-sectional profile and has an opening directed toward the light permeable board, and the light emitting members are located at a central portion of the light gathering board. 