The power of a complete picture of energy-weather information can be used for novel energy saving algorithms in home-climate systems. Exploiting the human biological clock, we recently proposed to optimize climate systems by allowing for a correlation between inside and outside temperatures, while preserving maximal comfort. Following our earlier disclosure on a Gas Energy Observatory, we here disclose a detailed description of a battery-free wireless weather station for reliable, long-term and maintenance-free measurements. It is solar powered. Combined with energy storage in high-voltage capacitors using recently introduced low-cost step-up and step-down DC-DC converters, a versatile energy burst-source is created. Energies of a few J per day suffice for measurement, data-collection and wireless data transmission in bursts to a central data-processing device inside a nearby home. Provided as a high-volume consumer product, residential weather data can be gathered over the internet for creating a climate observation system with unprecedented areal coverage and spatial resolution at no additional cost--serving modern climate research and studies on global warming.
Claims 1. A radiation powered battery-free energy burst-source for powering a remote wireless device with the property that the daily harvest of radiation energy is stored in a capacitor, where the device and its wireless data-transmissions are powered by energy retrieved from said capacitor, where the storage of said energy is made efficient using a step-up DC-DC converter, where the retrieval of said energy is made efficient using a step-down DC-DC converter, where said wireless data-transmission is intermittent in burst-mode to transmit data stored in buffer to a remote host, subject to the constraint that said data-transmission occur while leaving sufficient residual energy stored to maintain sensing capability and local data-logging in a buffer. 2. A solar powered battery-free energy bursts source according to claim 1 with the property that said efficient energy storage to said capacitor is made possible using a voltage-controlled DC-DC step-up converter, where said voltage control maintains a small positive voltage difference between its open-terminal output and said capacitor, where said small positive voltage difference serves to store energy in the capacitor at a rate which most closely matches the power received from the solar cells. 3. A solar powered battery-free energy bursts source according to claim 1 with the property that said efficient energy storage to said capacitor is made possible using a DC-DC step-up converter, whose output is a current source, where the current is regulated to store energy in the capacitor at a rate which most closely matches the power received from the solar cells. 4. A solar powered battery-free energy bursts source according to claim 1 with the property that said weather station uses solar cells of GaAs for optimal efficiency. 5. A solar powered battery-free energy bursts source according to claim 1 with the property that said device uses Bluetooth for the wireless link. 6. A solar powered battery-free energy bursts source according to claim 1 with the property that said device contains a temperature sensor for observing local weather or located inside for monitoring room-climate in homes and buildings. 7. A solar powered battery-free energy bursts source according to claim 5 with the property that said data-transmission is directly into the internet to a remote central data-bank, where the gathering of said data is used to create a wide-area high spatial resolution climate observation system. 8. A solar powered battery-free energy bursts source according to claim 1 with the property that said device controls a heating system as part of a local wireless sensing and control network. 9. A home-climate system comprising a gas-energy meter, a local weather station, a home-climate control system, a heating system and a remote display all connected over a wireless network, where said gas-energy meter and local weather station comprise a gas-energy observatory producing energy-weather data and correlations between gas-energy usage and local weather, where said energy-weather information is transmitted to said home-climate system and to said display, where said home-climate system controls said heating system. 10. A home-climate system according to claim 7 with the property that said display provides the complete picture in high-resolution energy-weather data for visual feedback to the consumer in using residential facilities and heating, where said climate control system provides optimal control for maximal energy-savings and climate comfort allowing for correlations of room-temperature with local weather and the human biological clock. 11. A home-climate system according to claim 7 with the property that said local weather station and home-climate control system are radiation powered and battery free, where said battery-free operation is made possible using an energy-burst source on the basis of efficient energy storage and retrieval in and from a capacitor by the application of modern step-up and step-down DC-DC converters. 