The invention relates to a photovoltaic concentrator module with multifunction frame and also to a method for production thereof. The concentrator module has a lens--(1) and a base plate (2), between which a frame (3) extends. Between the lens plate (1) and the frame (3) and/or the base plate (2) and the frame (3), two sealing compounds (5) and/or adhesive compounds (4) extend, which compounds differ with respect to their hardening time and/or gas permeability.
Claims 1. Photovoltaic concentrator module, comprising: a lens plate, a base plate on which solar cells are accommodated and a frame which, connecting the lens plate and the base plate, is disposed circumferentially along the edge of the lens plate and of the base plate, wherein at least one first sealing compound and/or adhesive compound, on the one hand, and at least one second sealing compound, on the other hand, is disposed circumferentially along the frame between the lens plate and the frame and/or the base plate and the frame at least on a part of the length of the frame, and the two sealing and/or adhesive compounds differing with respect to their hardening times and/or gas permeabilities. 2. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 1, wherein the frame is disposed between the lens plate and the base plate. 3. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 1, wherein the frame engages around the edge of the lens plate and/or of the base plate. 4. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 1, wherein the at least one first sealing compound and/or adhesive compound and the at least one second sealing compound are disposed parallel to the plane of the lens plate and or to the plane of the base plate and to each other circumferentially along the frame. 5. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 1, wherein the at least one of the at least one second sealing compounds is disposed between the edge of the lens plate and or base plate and the frame. 6. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 1, wherein at least one of the at least one first sealing compounds and/or at least one of the at least one second sealing compounds is permanently elastic. 7. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 1, wherein at least one of the at least one first sealing compounds and/or at least one of the at least one second sealing compounds includes or comprises butyl cord. 8. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 1, wherein at least one of the at least one first sealing compounds and/or at least one of the at least one second sealing compounds has or comprises elastic silicone. 9. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 1, wherein two sealing compounds extend beside each other along the frame between the lens plate and the frame and also the base plate and the frame. 10. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 9, wherein the inner of the sealing compounds is butyl cord and the outer of the sealing compounds is elastic silicone. 11. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 9, wherein the inner of the sealing compounds is elastic silicone and the outer of the sealing compounds is butyl cord. 12. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 1, wherein between the lens plate and the frame and also the base plate and the frame, an adhesive compound extends along the frame at least on a part of the length of the frame next to a sealing compound which extends on the entire length of the frame. 13. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 1, wherein the at least one first sealing compound and/or adhesive compound is accommodated towards the interior of the concentrator module next to the at least one sealing compound. 14. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 1, wherein the at least one adhesive compound contains or comprises hot-melt adhesive and/or UV-hardening adhesive. 15. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 1, wherein the frame contains or consist of steel and/or zinc-plated steel and/or stainless steel and/or aluminium and/or other metals and/or composite materials and/or Plexiglass and/or PMMA and/or acrylic glass and/or other plastic materials and/or glass. 16. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 1, wherein the frame comprises or consist of at least one hollow profile. 17. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 16, wherein at least one of the at least one hollow profiles comprises or consist of steel and/or zinc-plated steel and/or stainless steel and/or aluminium and/or other metals and/or composite materials and/or acrylic glass and/or Plexiglass and/or PMMA and/or other plastic materials and/or glass. 18. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 16, wherein at least one of the at least one hollow profiles has holes towards the interior the module. 19. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 16, wherein at least one of the at least one hollow profiles is filled completely or partially with a sorption agent. 20. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 19, wherein the sorption agent comprises or consists of silica gel and/or SiO.sub.2 and/or calcium chloride and/or calcium oxide and/or magnesium sulphate and/or calcinated alumina. 21. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 16, wherein the frame has at least one hollow profile which extends at least partially along the frame Hand at least one spacer frame which extends along the hollow profile parallel to the hollow profile and extends over the region of the frame which is not filled by the at least one hollow profile. 22. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 16, wherein the frame has at least two hollow profiles which extend at least partially along the frame and at least one spacer frame which extends along the hollow profile parallel to the hollow profiles and extends over the region of the frame which is not filled by the at least two hollow profiles. 23. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 21, wherein at least one of the at least one hollow profiles extends along the entire length of the frame. 24. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 21, wherein between at least one of the at least one hollow profiles and the at least one spacer frame, at least one sealing compound and/or adhesive compound is disposed along the connection lines thereof over a part of the length thereof or the entire length thereof. 25. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 24, wherein at least one of the at least one sealing compounds includes or comprises butyl cord. 26. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 24, wherein at least one of the at least one sealing compounds comprises or consists of elastic silicone. 27. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 24, wherein the at least one hollow profile is connected to the at least one spacer frame via two sealing compounds along each connection line, the respectively inner sealing compound being butyl cord and the respectively outer sealing compound being elastic silicone. 28. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 21, wherein the at least one hollow profile is connected to the at least one spacer frame along each connection line via an outwardly extending sealing compound and an adhesive compound which extends internally over at least a part of the length of the connection line. 29. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 24, wherein at least one of the at least one adhesive compounds comprises or consist of hot-melt adhesive and/or UV-hardening adhesive. 30. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 16, wherein the frame or possibly the wall of at least one of the at least one hollow profiles and/or possibly at least one of the at least one spacer frames has at least one opening with at least one filter (9). 31. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 30, wherein at least one of the at least one filters comprises or consist of sintered metal and/or a metal grating and/or a plastic material net and/or a plastic material membrane. 32. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 30, wherein at least one of the filters is situated in an opening towards the interior and at least one of the filters in an opening towards the outside of at least one of the at least one hollow profiles. 33. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 32, wherein the outer filter is a coarse filter and the inner filter is a fine filter. 34. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 33, wherein the coarse filter excludes particles larger than 50 .mu.m and/or the fine filter excludes particles larger than 5 .mu.m. 35. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 1, wherein at least a part of the module can be heated. 36. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 16, wherein at least one of the at least one hollow profiles and/or possibly at least one of the at least one spacer frames and/or at least one of the at least one first sealing compounds and/or adhesive compounds and/or at least one of the at least one second sealing compounds can be heated. 37. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 1, wherein the frame is at least partially light-absorbing. 38. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 16, wherein at least one of the at least one hollow profiles and/or at least one of the at least one spacer frames and/or at least one of the at least one first sealing compounds and/or adhesive compounds and/or at least one of the at least one second sealing compounds is at least partially light-absorbing. 39. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 1, wherein the frame has a mounting. 40. Photovoltaic concentrator module according claim 39, wherein the mounting is suitable for mounting and adjusting the photovoltaic concentrator module on a tracker. 41. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 39, wherein the mounting comprises or consist of a screw connection. 42. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 39, wherein the photovoltaic concentrator module can be earthed via the mounting. 43. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 1, wherein the frame has at least one electrical connection between the interior of the photovoltaic concentrator module and the exterior. 44. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 43, wherein the at least one electrical connection between the interior of the photovoltaic concentrator module and the exterior is moisture-impermeable and/or gas-impermeable. 45. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 1, wherein the frame has at least one connection element for mechanical connection of the photovoltaic concentrator module to other modules. 46. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 45, wherein at least one of the at least one connection elements is a plug-in connection element which is accommodated in at least one of the at least one openings in the frame and/or in at least one of the at least one opening at least of one spacer frame and/or in at least one of the at least one openings at least of one of the hollow profiles. 47. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 45, wherein gas can be conducted through at least one of the at least one connection elements. 48. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 45, wherein the photovoltaic concentrator module can be connected via the at least one connection element to a plant for active introduction of gas. 49. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 1, wherein the interior of the module has at least one spacer between lens plate and base plate. 50. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 1, wherein the lens plate and/or the base plate has at least two partial plates which are disposed in the plane of the lens plate or of the base plate beside each other. 51. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 50, wherein the at least one spacer is disposed along at least a part of at least one boundary region between lens plate and/or base plate, such that it covers the boundary region, the boundary region being configured between the edges of adjacent partial plates. 52. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 49, wherein the cross-section of the spacer has a double-T shape in the plane perpendicular to the longitudinal direction of the boundary region, the two parallel portions of the double-T being situated parallel to the lens plate and to the base plate such that they cover the boundary region (107). 53. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 49, wherein the boundary region is filled at least partially at least over a part of its length with at least one filling compound. 54. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 49, wherein between the spacer and the lens plate and/or the base plate, a sealing compound and/or an adhesive compound is disposed along at least a part of the length of at least one boundary region on both sides of the boundary region. 55. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 53, wherein: the at least one filling compound comprises or consists of elastic silicone, and/or in that the at least one sealing compound comprises or consist of butyl cord, and/or in that the at least one adhesive compound comprises or consists of hot-melt adhesive and/or UV-hardening adhesive. 56. Photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 49, wherein the spacer has at least one component for conducting through gas and/or at least one electrical leadthrough. 57. Method for the production of a photovoltaic concentrator module according to claim 1, wherein: a frame, connecting a lens plate and a base plate, is disposed along the edge of the lens plate and of the base plate, and in that, between the frame and the lens plate and/or the frame and the base plate, at least one first sealing compound and/or adhesive compound, on the one hand, and at least one second sealing compound, on the other hand, is introduced along the frame circumferentially over at least a part of its length, and the two sealing and/or adhesive compounds differing with respect to their hardening times and/or gas impermeabilities. 58. Method according to claim 57, wherein the frame is glued to the lens plate and/or the base plate. 59. Method according to claim 57, wherein the frame, the lens plate and the base plate are pressed together in such a manner that the spacing between the lens plate and the base plate is maintained with a tolerance less than 1 mm, preferably less than 500 .mu.m. 60. Method according to claim 57, wherein the lens plate and the base plate and the frame are pre-fixed by means of hot-melt adhesive and/or UV-hardening adhesive and/or thermoplastic adhesive to a tolerance less than 1 mm, preferably less than 500 .mu.m. 61. Method according to claim 57, wherein the lens plate and the base plate are fixed to the frame firstly via a quick-hardening adhesive compound Hand subsequently are sealed with a sealing compound. 