A motor operator for switchgear for mains power distribution systems, where the switchgear comprises a closed cabinet 1 with an operating shaft 2 protruding there from. The operating shaft is rotatable at least between two positions and has a coupling part. The motor operator 6 comprises a housing 10, which is mountable on the external surface of the switchgear housing, and a rotatable connection shaft connected to an electric motor drive mechanism. It has a first coupling part to fit with the coupling part of the switchgear in a longitudinal axial sliding and non-rotational interlocking manner. Further, it has a second coupling part extending from the housing to operate the switch manually. The operator further comprises a control unit 8 with a connection rack, one or more power supplies, besides from a battery 9, and one or more communication facilities 9, such that the motor operator appears self-contained with all necessary facilities ready to operate when installed.
Claims 1. A motor operator for switchgear for mains power distribution systems, said switchgear comprising a closed cabinet with an operating shaft, the end of which has a coupling means, accessible on the outside of the cabinet, and said operating shaft being rotatable at least between a closed and an open position of the contacts of the switchgear, said power operator comprising, a housing mountable on the external surface of the switchgear cabinet and containing a motor driven unit with coupling means for connection with the coupling means of the operating shaft of the switchgear, and a control unit. 2. The motor operator according to claim 1, wherein the control unit includes a connection rack for connecting 1) the motor driven unit, 2) at least one sensor, at least one or more of the following power supplies: 3) a mains cable, 4) a mains connected power supply, 5) a solar panel, 6) a wind turbine generator, 7) a battery package. 3. The motor operator according to claim 2, wherein the control unit includes means for recognizing and utilizing the possible attachable power supplies. 4. The motor operator according to claim 2, wherein the control unit includes dedicated interfaces or a switch mode converter that bucks or boosts the voltage to a level where charging of a battery package is possible. 5. The motor operator according to claim 1, wherein the control unit includes connections for connecting at least one or more of the following communication facilities: 1) a wireless connection such as GSM/GPRS, 2) a cable bound connection, 3) a short range wireless communication such as Blue Tooth or WLAN, 4) a cabled short range connection such as USB. 6. The motor operator according to claim 5, wherein the control unit includes means for establishing connections through the possible wired and wireless connections. 7. The motor operator according to claim 1, wherein the control unit includes a central processing unit with interfaces in order to: 1) read status of the system, 2) write and read data from a file system, 3) carry out changes of the position of the switchgear, 4) check system state of reliability, 5) indicate warnings and errors in the system, 6) keep data logging of legal events, 7) establish and maintain connection to remote. 8. The motor operator according to claim 6, wherein the control unit for communicating with a remote unit is using the appropriate communication standard(s) for the specific interface, possibly being at least one of, or more in combination of: 1) TCP/IP, 2) AT CMD, 3). DNP3, 4) Modbus, 5) IEC 870-5, 6) Paknet, 7) Ethernet, 8) GSM/GPRS, 9) UMTS, 10) Bluetooth, 11) Zigbee, 12) WLAN. 9. The motor operator according to claim 1, wherein the control unit interfaces a number of sensors that could be at least one of: 1) gas pressure gauge, 2) magnetic position switch mounted on motor drive, 3) thermo sensor, 4) real time clock such as radio controlled clock, 5) indicators for position of safety locks mounted on the housing of the switchgear, 6) release state indicator for motor drive, 7) laser module for detecting gas pressure level, 8) fault passage indicator, 9) general purpose standard interface such as 0-10 volt voltage or 0-10 mA current loop, 10) serial interface such as RS232 11) pulse width Modulated signal (PWM) 10. The motor operator according to claim 1, wherein the control unit instantaneously will be triggered by the input from the fault passage indicator when a fault occurs to generate a file or a legal event log in a database file containing at least the real time for the event and possibly an indication of the nature of the fault. 11. The motor operator according to claim 7, wherein the control unit because of the data logging of the legal events will be able to track degradation of the system and issue warnings or errors, when certain conditions are met. 12. The motor operator according to claim 1, wherein the control unit includes means for a reliable reading of the position of the switchgear, the movement of the switchgear having been carried out manually or moved by the motor drive, the control unit being powered or cut off from the power supply. 13. The motor operator according to claim 1, wherein the motor driven unit is a linear actuator. 14. The motor operator according to claim 13, wherein the motor driven unit includes at least two position switches, to indicate the position of the switchgear by reading the position of the spindle nut during the travel of the spindle in the actuator. 15. The motor operator according to claim 14, wherein the position switches are magnetically activated switches. 16. The motor operator according to claim 15, wherein at least one of the magnetically activated switches are with a latching effect, said latching effect being subject to permanently activate said switch, when a magnet is moved over said switch in one direction and to deactivate said switch, when a magnet is moved over said switch in the opposite direction. 17. The motor operator according to claim 13 wherein the magnet, to be moved over the magnetic activated switches, follows the movement of the spindle nut during the travel of the spindle in the actuator for said motor operator. 18. The motor operator according to claim 17, wherein the magnet is attached to the spindle nut itself. 19. The motor operator according to claim 17, wherein the magnetic switches are mounted on the part of the housing of the actuator that forms the guide tube. 20. The motor operator according to claim 19, wherein the guide tube of the actuator housing embracing the spindle is equipped with grooves for mounting and positioning the magnetic activated switches in the length of the movement of the spindle nut on the travel of the spindle of said actuator. 21. The motor operator according to claim 1, wherein the control unit includes a main backbone printed circuit board with connectors for connecting at least one printed circuit board. 22. The motor operator according to claim 21, wherein the main backbone printed circuit board interfaces the connections control unit equipped connection rack. 23. The motor operator according to claim 21, wherein the printed circuit board(s) to connect to the main backbone printed circuit board includes the power supply and the central processing unit. 24. The motor operator according to claim 21, wherein the printed circuit board equipped with the central processing unit is equipped with sockets for optionally connecting and supplying at least one wireless communication module. 25. The motor operator according to claim 21, wherein the printed circuit board equipped with the central processing unit is equipped with a socket for a real-time clock circuit or the circuit being embedded directly on said printed circuit board. 26. The motor operator according to claim 25, wherein the real-time clock is a radio controlled real-time clock. 27. The motor operator according to claim 25, wherein the real-time clock is equipped with a backup supply to supply said real-time clock circuit without interrupt. 28. The motor operator according to claim 27, wherein the control system is equipped with an input/output device as, e.g., a FPGA where logic functions are build-in hardware to enable or disable certain outputs when certain input conditions are met without the ability of the central processing unit to overrule said logic functions. 29. The motor operator according to claim 28, wherein the certain inputs are at least one of: 1) actuator position switch, 2) gas pressure gauge low level indication, 3) actuator release is active, 4) earth switch is enabled, 5) battery level inadequate or no supply, 6) fault signals from any of the components in the system, 7) temperature sensor, 8) fault passage indicator, 9) ISaGRAF power available indication. 30. The motor operator according to claim 28, wherein the certain outputs are at least one of: 1) actuator shifting of switchgear, 2) transmission of heartbeat, warnings or errors to remote, 3) setup of power supply for supplying a component in the system, 4) training session on battery packet. 31. The motor operator according to claim 1, wherein the control unit on a regularly basis communicates with the remote to send a heartbeat signal. 32. The motor operator according to claim 1, wherein the control unit from the remote can be updated with new data, such as firmware or configuration files, and be forced to install the updates. 33. The motor operator according to claim 1, wherein the motor driven unit is equipped with interfaces that makes it possible to connect a computer in order to monitor and control the functions build into the control unit. 34. The motor operator according claim 1, wherein the control unit has an interface towards the power supply for communicating the output parameters for said power supply, receiving a confirmation signal when the requested output is present. 35. The motor operator according to claim 8, wherein the control unit in a setup file in the file system reads the information needed to facilitate the communication facilities, such as gateway, IP-addresses, username, and password. 36. The motor operator according to claim 1, wherein the motor driven unit comprises a potentiometer to determine the position of the activation element. 37. The motor operator according to claim 1, wherein the control unit is equipped with a central processing unit comprising software code portions for an operating system and an application for monitoring and controlling the motor drive based on instructions written in a configuration file and the static and dynamic input from the interfaces to the control unit. 38. The motor operator according to claim 1, including a gas pressure alarm. 39. The motor operator according to claim 38, including a gas pressure gauge with a pointer and a laser sending a laser light beam towards a preselected criteria pressure limit and, when the pointer of said gas pressure gauge crosses said preselected limit, an alarm signal is triggered. 40. A method for operating a switchgear with a motor operator according to claim 1, said switchgear having a set of contacts, which could be switched between an on-position, an off-position and an earthing-position, and where the motor operator has a release mechanism by means of which it could be released from the contact set of the switchgear, wherein when the release mechanism for the motor operator is disabled, then the switchgear could only be changed by means of the motor operator, namely between the on-position and the off-position and vise versa. 41. A method for operating a switchgear with a motor operator according to claim 1, said switchgear having a set of contacts which could be switched between an on-position, an off-position and an earthing-position, and where the motor operator has a release mechanism by means of which it could be released from the contact set of the switchgear, wherein when the release mechanism for the motor operator is activated, then the switchgear can only be operated manually, namely between the on-position, the off-position and the earthing-position and vise versa. 