A security system used to detect, deter, and/or document security events and information from a secured area. The security system may include an intelligence system for distinguishing between false alarms and actual alarm events. The security system may also include multiple deter devices actionable upon detection of an actual alarm event. The security system may further include a security event data collection system that collects event or alarm data pertaining to security events either onsite or remote and a video/camera system that records images of security events.
Claims 1. A security system comprising: a plurality of power sources for providing electrical power to the security system; a security event detection system including a visual detection device for detecting a security event and responsive thereto generating data indicative of the security event; a programmable determination device for receiving the security event data and initiating deter measures; a deter device actuated by the programmable determination device upon a determined security event; and a data collection system configured to collect and store security event data. 2. The security system of claim 1 wherein the security event detection system further includes a plurality of detection devices selected from a group comprising of at least one visual detection device, at least one motion detection device, at least one sound detection device, at least one glass breakage detection device, at least one smoke detection device, at least one temperature detection device, at least one pressure detection device, at least one tamper detection device all configured to detect security events and generate data indicative of the security event. 3. The security system of claim 1 wherein the plurality of power source includes at least two of a list comprising a battery, a thermal cell, a photovoltaic panel, wind generator, a gas generator, and an AC power source. 4. The security system of claim 1 further comprising and input/output device which includes a wireless transceiver for remotely accessing the security system. 5. The security system of claim 4 further informing an operator of a security event via the wireless transceiver. 6. The security system of claim 4 further including an alarm notification system configured to notify a mobile access device of a security event via the wireless transceiver. 7. The security system of claim 1 further comprising a video surveillance system configured to record images of security events and to generate video data and further wherein the programmable determination device is further an object recognition system. 8. The security system of claim 7 wherein the object recognition system can determine a first condition of an object and a second condition of an object via the video surveillance system. 9. The security system of claim 1 further including a sound recognition system for determining whether a detected sound is a known sound. 10. The security system of claim 1 further comprising a wireless transceiver for onsite accessing the security system via integrated WiFi, or the Bluetooth protocol. 11. The security system of claim 1 wherein the deter device includes at least one of a plurality of detection devices selected from a group comprising a two-way audio device, a strobe light, a siren, and a spray emitter. 12. The security system of claim 11 wherein the spray emitter is operable for emitting one of a dye or an odor which is offensive to a human. 13. The security system of claim 1 wherein the plurality of power sources, the security event detection system, the programmable determination device, the deter device, and the data collection system are mounted on a single ridged structure. 14. The security system of claim 1 wherein the power source including a battery, and the programmable determination device, and the data collection system, and an input/output device are included in a weather proof enclosure, and further where the detection system, the deter device are mounted on a rigid structure along with the weather proof enclosure. 15. A portable security system for protection of property within an outdoor area monitored for human interaction, the security system comprising: a security event detection system including a video surveillance device configured to provide images of surrounding objects and further configurable to detect security events sensed from other sensing devices; a programmable determination device for receiving the object images and sensed security event data and responsive thereto determining if an alarm condition is present for initiating a deter measure, wherein the programmable determination device is capable of object condition recognition such that objects within the monitored outdoor area are first recorded in a first condition and a security event is initiated if any one of the objects are determined to be in a condition different from the first condition, wherein the conditions are provided via a further scan provided from the video surveillance device; and a deter device actuated by the programmable determination device upon a determined alarm condition, wherein the deter device in at least one of a plurality of detection devices selected from a group comprising a two-way audio device, a strobe light, a siren, and a spray emitter, and wherein the two-way audio device enables an monitor operator to converse with anyone present in the monitored area, wherein the security event detection system and the deter device are attached to a rigid structure and the programmable determination device is contained in a weather proof enclosure which is also attached to the rigid structure. 16. The portable security system of claim 15 further including a plurality of power sources for providing electrical power to the security system including a battery and at least one device from a list comprising a thermal cell, a photovoltaic panel, wind generator, a gas generator, and an AC source, wherein the battery is contained in the weather proof enclosure. 17. The portable security system of claim 15 wherein the other sensing devices includes a group comprising of at least one of a motion detection device, a sound detection device, a glass breakage detection device, a smoke detection device, a temperature detection device, a pressure detection device, a tamper detection device all configured to detect security events and generate data indicative of the security event and are attached to the rigid structure. 18. The portable security system of claim 15 wherein the spray emitter is operable for emitting one of a dye or odor which is offensive to a human. 19. The portable security system of claim 15 further comprising a wireless transceiver for remotely accessing the security system and further including an alarm notification system configured to notify a mobile access device of a security event via the wireless transceiver. 20. The portable security system of claim 15 further comprising a wireless transceiver for onsite accessing the security system via integrated WiFi, or the Bluetooth protocol. 