An integrated opto-electronic device, a portable reflective projection system and a method for in situ monitoring and adjusting light illumination are provided. The device includes a reflective polarizing composite film (150) configured to receive a source light (210) at a desired non-normal incident angle (221), polarizes and reflects a first portion (211) of said source light (210) as polarized illumination light (16) at a reciprocal angle (222) to said desired non-normal incident angle (221); and a photovoltaic cell (180), adhered to an opposite side of said reflective polarizing composite film (150) to said source light (210), configured to receive a second portion (212) of said source light (210) that passes through said reflective polarizing composite film (150) and transform said second portion (212) to photogenerated charge. Unused illumination can be collected in order to re-store and reuse recovered energy.
Claims 1. An integrated opto-electronic device used in a reflective projection system, comprising: a reflective polarizing composite film configured to receive a source light at a desired non-normal incident angle, polarize and reflect a first portion of said source light as polarized illumination light at a reciprocal angle to said desired non-normal incident angle; and a photovoltaic cell, adhered to an opposite side of said reflective polarizing composite film to said source light, configured to receive a second portion of said source light that passes through said reflective polarizing composite film and transform said second portion to photogenerated charge. 2. The device according to claim 1, wherein both said reflective polarizing composite film and said photovoltaic cell are fabricated in an adherent stack on a semiconductor substrate, said photovoltaic cell comprises a top electrical contact grid, a photon-to-electron converting photo diode and a backside electrical contact 188 in a plannar configuration. 3. The device according to claim 2, wherein said semiconductor substrate is made of single crystalline or polycrystalline silicon. 4. The device according to claim 2, wherein said reflective polarizing composite film comprises a single or a plurality of optical layer pairs made of a top layer and a bottom layer of dielectric material, in said optical layer pair, the top layer is configured to first receive said source light and has higher optical refractive index than the bottom layer, and both said top layer and bottom layer have optical extinctive coefficients below 0.1. 5. The device according to claim 2, wherein said reflective polarizing composite film comprises a single or a plurality of optical micro-structured layers of dielectric material incorporating reflective conductive strips of desired width and thickness, electrically isolated but spaced regularly in parallel straight lines in a plannar configuration. 6. The device according to claim 1, wherein both said reflective polarizing composite film and said photovoltaic cell are fabricated in an adherent stack on a semiconductor substrate, and said photovoltaic cell comprises: a plurality of reflective top electrical contact lines; a photon-to-electron converting photo diode; and a backside electrical contact; in a plannar configuration, wherein said plurality of reflective top electrical contact lines are regularly spaced in parallel in a plannar configuration with a constant desired spacing between each adjacent pair, placed in electrical contact to the top surface of said photo diode and covered by a plannar dielectric film, and said plurality of reflective top electrical contact lines are embedded into said reflective polarizing composite film. 7. The device according to claim 4, wherein said top layer and bottom layer of said optical layer pair, and dielectric material are made of one or any combination of silicon dioxide, silicon oxy-nitride, silicon nitride, aluminum oxide, hafnium oxide, tantalum oxide and titanium oxide. 8. The device according to claim 6, wherein said plannar dielectric film is made of one or any combination of silicon dioxide, silicon oxy-nitride, silicon nitride, aluminum oxide, hafnium oxide, tantalum oxide and titanium oxide. 9. The device according to claim 5, wherein said reflective conductive strips are made of one or any alloy of aluminum, aluminum-copper alloy, titanium and silver. 10. The device according to claim 6, wherein said reflective top electrical contact lines are made of one or any alloy of aluminum, aluminum-copper alloy, titanium and silver. 11. The device according to claim 1, wherein said reflective polarizing composite film comprises a plurality of optical layers made of polymeric materials and is bonded to said photovoltaic cell fabricated on a semiconductor substrate. 12. A portable reflective projection system comprising: an electrically powered light source configured to provide source light in a first direction; said integrated opto-electronic device of claim 1; a reflective microdisplay imager comprising a plurality of reflective pixel elements which are arranged in a common plane, wherein said reflective pixel elements are configured to individually modulate reflectivity to incident polarized light and project spatially modulated light in a third direction perpendicular to said common plane; a lens having a principal plane parallel to said common plane and a principal axis aligned in said third direction; an optical surface positioned between said lens and said reflective microdisplay imager and further positioned in a tilted angle with said common plane configured to receive said polarized illumination light, so that portion of said polarized illumination light is deflected by said optical surface as said incident polarized light towards said reflective microdisplay imager, portion of said spatially modulated light passes through said optical surface as projection light partially passes through said lens in said third direction; a power management device; an energy storage device configured to provide electrical power to one or both of said light source and said reflective microdisplay imager through said power management device; and a voltage converter and battery charger configure to convert and charge said photogenerated charge transformed by said photovoltaic cell to said energy storage device. 13. The system according to claim 12, wherein said reflective pixel elements form a reflective light modulation array, each of the reflective pixel elements is electrically controlled in reflectance in the third direction by means of liquid crystal electrically driven by an underlying silicon integrated circuitry. 14. The system of claim 12, wherein said optical surface is in a concave cylindrical configuration facing said polarized illumination light from said integrated opto-electronic device. 15. The system according to claim 12, wherein said system further comprises a side photovoltaic panel perpendicular to said polarized illumination light and said second direction, opposite to said optical surface from said integrated opto-electronic device, configured to collect and transform portion of said polarized illumination light, passing through said optical surface, portion of said spatially modulated light deflected by said optical surface and portion of scattered light by transparent but light-scattering medium enclosed by said optical surface and said side photovoltaic panel to photogenerated charge, and electrically connected to said voltage converter and battery charger in parallel to said photovoltaic cell of said integrated opto-electronic device. 16. The system according to claim 12, wherein said voltage converter and battery charger is also powered by said energy storage device through said power management device. 17. The system according to claim 12, wherein said voltage converter and battery charger and said power management device is integrated in a single integrated circuit. 18. A method for in situ monitoring and adjusting light illumination from said light source in said portable reflective projection system of claim 12, comprising: measuring accumulated photogenerated charge converted from said second portion of said source light collected by said photovoltaic cell over defined time duration of said integrated opto-electronic device; and in situ monitoring and adjusting said light illumination from said light source according to a measurement result. 