An electronic device (1), which can assume an operating state and at least one energy-saving state, with a power supply (7) that can be connected to a mains voltage, and an evaluation unit (4), which can control the electronic device (1) from the operating state into the energy-saving state and vice versa, wherein the evaluation unit (4) is connected to the power supply (7) in such a way that the power supply (7) can be turned off by the evaluation unit (4) for assuming the energy-saving state and can be turned on again for assuming the operating state, and the evaluation unit (4) can be supplied, at least in the turned-off state of the power supply (7), with energy from another electronic device, which is connected via a standard interface to the electronic device, and/or with energy from a capacitor and/or with energy from an accumulator and/or with energy from a solar cell. The invention also relates to the method for controlling the electronic device in at least one energy-saving state and also to a computer and also to an arrangement made from a computer and the electronic device.
Claims 1. An electronic device, which can assume an operating state and at least one energy-saving state, comprising: a power supply, adapted to be connected to a mains voltage; and an evaluation unit adapted to control switching of the electronic device between the operating state and the energy-saving state; wherein the evaluation unit is connected to the power supply in such a way that the power supply can be turned off by the evaluation unit for assuming the energy-saving state and can be turned on again for assuming the operating state, and wherein the evaluation unit is adapted to be supplied at least in the turned-off state of the power supply (a) with energy from another electronic device, which is connected via a standard interface to the electronic device, and/or (b) with energy from a capacitor, and/or (c) with energy from an accumulator and/or (d) with energy from a solar cell. 2. The electronic device according to claim 1, wherein the electronic device is a monitor, a television, a computer, or a copier. 3. The electronic device according to claim 1, wherein the other electronic device is a computer or receiver. 4. The electronic device according to claim 1, wherein the standard interface is a VGA, DVI, HDMI, Display Port, or Scart interface. 5. The electronic device according to claim 1, wherein the evaluation unit is coupled with a measurement device for determining the period of non-use of the electronic device or the other device. 6. The electronic device according to claim 1, wherein the measurement device is arranged in the other electronic device, and the coupling with the evaluation unit is via the connection lines of the standard interface. 7. The electronic device according to claim 1, wherein the measurement device monitors user actions on the electrical device, and after a time in which no user action are performed, reports to the evaluation unit that it should switch the electrical device from the operating state into the energy-saving state. 8. The electronic device according to claim 1, wherein a switch is arranged in the feed of the mains voltage to the power supply, and the power supply is turned off by opening the switch. 9. The electronic device according to claim 1, wherein the evaluation unit includes a relay, arranged to interrupt the feed of the mains voltage to the power supply by opening the relay. 10. The electronic device according to claim 1, wherein the connection between the evaluation unit and the power supply is an optoelectronic coupling. 11. The electronic device according to claim 1, wherein the evaluation unit has a photodiode, and the power supply is connected to a phototransistor adapted to be controlled by means of the photodiode of the evaluation unit. 12. The electronic device according to claim 1, wherein the power supply transforms an alternating voltage into a direct voltage through pulse-width modulation and includes, for this purpose, a rectifier, a chopper, and a transmitter, and the power supply is turned off by turning off the transmitter in the power supply. 13. The electronic device according to claim 1, wherein the power supply is turned off by reducing the pulse-width modulation. 14. The electronic device according to claim 1, wherein the capacitor is connected to the power supply of the electronic device, and is charged in the turned-on state of the power supply via the power supply of the electronic device. 15. The electronic device according to claim 1, wherein a transistor is arranged between the evaluation unit and the connection lines of the standard interface, and the base power for the transistor comes from the connection lines of the standard interface. 16. The electronic device according to claim 1, wherein the solar cell and/or the accumulator is connected to the capacitor and is also used for maintaining the charge on the capacitor and/or the accumulator. 17. The electronic device according to claim 1, comprising a switch arranged to allow the power supply to be manually connected to the mains voltage. 18. The electronic device according to claim 1, wherein the standard interface includes a voltage line, and the evaluation unit evaluates the voltage line of the standard interface. 19. The electronic device according to claim 1, wherein the connection lines of the standard interface include an HSYNC, VSYNC and, for the formation as a DVI interface, a clock line, and the evaluation unit evaluates the HSYNC and/or the VSYNC and/or the clock line of the standard interface. 20. A computer for connecting an electronic device, according to claim 1, via a standard interface, which includes a voltage line, wherein the computer comprises a control device adapted to interrupt the voltage line for controlling the evaluation unit or to set the voltage line to a low voltage level. 21. An arrangement comprising an electronic device according to claim 1 and a computer for connecting to the electronic device via a standard interface, which includes a voltage line, wherein the computer comprises a control device adapted to interrupt the voltage line for controlling the evaluation unit or to set the voltage line to a low voltage level. 22. A method for switching an electronic device according to claim 1 between the operating state and at least one energy-saving state, comprising the steps of: evaluating with an evaluation unit in the electronic device, the connection line of the standard interface; supplying the evaluation unit to the power supply in such a way that the power supply can be turned on and off by the evaluation unit; and supplying the evaluation unit, when the power supply is turned off, (a) with energy from the connection lines of the standard interface, and/or (b) with energy from a capacitor, and/or (c) with energy from an accumulator, and/or (d) with energy from a solar cell. 23. A method for switching an electronic device in the arrangement according to claim 21, between the operating state and the energy-saving state, wherein the computer interrupts a voltage line in the connection lines of the standard interface between the electronic device and computer by the control device in the computer or sets the voltage line to a low voltage level. 24. An electronic device having an operating state and at least one energy-saving state, comprising: a power supply adapted to be connected to a mains voltage; and an evaluation unit adapted to control switching of the electronic device between the operating state and the at least one energy-saving state; means responsive to said evaluation unit to turn off said power supply during the energy-saving state and to turn on said power supply during the operating state; and a power source other than said power supply to provide power to said evaluation unit during at least the turned-off state of said power supply. 25. The electronic device according to claim 24, wherein said power source comprises at least one of: (a) another electronic device, which is connected via a standard interface to the electronic device, (c) a capacitor, (c) an accumulator, and (d) a solar cell. 