A wireless remote monitoring system and a method therefor are provided. The wireless remote monitoring system includes a monitoring device, a communication network, and a mobile image capturing device. The monitoring device issues a monitoring message to the communication network through a worldwide interoperability for microwave access (WiMAX) communication protocol. The communication network is connected to the mobile image capturing device satisfying the monitoring message. The mobile image capturing device resolves the monitoring message, captures an image of a disposition site, and transmits the image back to the monitoring device. In addition, a predetermined time is set, and then the mobile image capturing device automatically transmits the obtained image of the disposition site to the monitoring device.
Claims 1. A wireless remote monitoring system, comprising: at least one mobile image capturing device, having a mobile power source installed thereon, for obtaining an image of a disposition site; and a monitoring device, connecting to the mobile image capturing device through a communication network by using a worldwide interoperability for microwave access (WiMAX) communication protocol, for transmitting a monitoring message to the mobile image capturing device, and receiving the image of the disposition site. 2. The wireless remote monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein the monitoring device is a computer. 3. The wireless remote monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein the monitoring device is a mobile communication device. 4. The wireless remote monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein the monitoring device is a personal digital assistant (PDA). 5. The wireless remote monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein the mobile image capturing device is a web camera. 6. The wireless remote monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein the mobile power source is a solar power device. 7. The wireless remote monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein the mobile power source is a fuel cell. 8. A wireless remote monitoring method, comprising: transmitting a monitoring message to a communication network by a monitoring device through a worldwide interoperability for microwave access (WiMAX) communication protocol; connecting the communication network to a mobile image capturing device, for transmitting the monitoring message; determining and processing the received monitoring message by the mobile image capturing device; and transmitting an obtained image back to the monitoring device by the mobile image capturing device according to the monitoring message. 9. The wireless remote monitoring method according to claim 8, wherein the monitoring message further comprises a monitoring start time. 10. The wireless remote monitoring method according to claim 9, wherein the monitoring start time is same as the time when the monitoring message is transmitted. 11. The wireless remote monitoring method according to claim 9, wherein the monitoring start time is a predetermined time different from the time when the monitoring message is transmitted. 12. The wireless remote monitoring method according to claim 11, wherein the monitoring message further comprises a monitoring end time. 13. The wireless remote monitoring method according to claim 11, wherein the monitoring message further comprises a monitoring time length. 14. A mobile image capturing device, comprising: a mobile power source, for providing an electric power required by the mobile image capturing device; an image capture module; a signal receiving/transmitting interface; and a processor, for controlling the image capture module to obtain an image of a disposition site of the mobile image capturing device, and transmitting the image to a monitoring device through the signal receiving/transmitting interface by using a worldwide interoperability for microwave access (WiMAX) communication protocol. 15. The mobile image capturing device according to claim 14, wherein the monitoring device is a computer. 16. The mobile image capturing device according to claim 14, wherein the monitoring device is a mobile communication device. 17. The mobile image capturing device according to claim 14, wherein the monitoring device is a personal digital assistant (PDA). 18. The mobile image capturing device according to claim 14, wherein the mobile image capturing device is a web camera. 19. The mobile image capturing device according to claim 14, wherein the mobile power source is a solar power device. 20. The mobile image capturing device according to claim 14, wherein the mobile power source is a fuel cell. 