A solar water heater including an angularly inclined housing structure. The housing structure includes an inlet for receiving water and an outlet for discharging heated water. Encased within the housing, lies a plurality of heating pipes for absorbing solar energy. The plurality of heating pipes is operatively connected to the fluid inlet. The plurality of heating pipes encompasses a plurality of water storing pipes disposed therein. The plurality of water storing pipes is in fluid communication with the plurality of heating pipes and the fluid outlet. In this manner, the plurality of heating pipes act as a solar receiver, and the enclosed plurality of water storing pipes act as a storage tank. A solar water heating and storage device wherein a solar receiver and water storage tank are integrated into a single unit.
Claims 1. A solar water heating and storage device comprising: a housing including a fluid outlet for discharging heated water; a plurality of heating pipes encased within said housing, said plurality of heating pipes operatively connected to a fluid inlet; and a plurality of water storing pipes encased within said plurality of heating pipes and in fluid communication with said plurality of heating pipes and said fluid outlet. 2. A solar water heating and storage device according to claim 1, further comprising a bottom collector and an upper collector, said bottom collector interconnected to and in fluid communication with a first end of each said heating pipes, and said upper collector interconnected to and in fluid communication with a second opposite end of each said heating pipes. 3. A solar water heating and storage device according to claim 2, wherein said plurality of water storing pipes are eccentrically encased within said plurality of heating pipes. 4. A solar water heating and storage device according to claim 3, wherein said upper collector includes a liquid flow passage adapted to transfer heated water from said plurality of heating pipes to said plurality of water storing pipes, and said bottom collector includes a liquid flow passage adapted to transfer cool water from said plurality of water storing pipes to said plurality of heating pipes. 5. A solar water heating and storage device according to claim 4, wherein said plurality of heating pipes, said upper collector, and said bottom collector individually include an external heat-absorbing surface. 6. A solar water heating and storage device according to claim 5, wherein said housing further includes a transparent cover exposable to sunlight, said transparent cover disposed over said plurality of heating pipes, whereby said external heat-absorbing surfaces of said plurality of heating pipes absorb solar radiation entering via said transparent cover, thereby heating a volume of water in direct contact with said plurality of heating pipes. 7. A solar water heating and storage device according to claim 6, wherein said housing further includes thermal insulating means for covering an area of the externally blackened surfaces not exposable to sunlight, said thermally insulating means disposed within said housing. 8. A solar water heating and storage device according to claim 7, wherein said plurality of heating pipes are arranged in a substantially parallel configuration. 9. A solar water heating and storage device according to claim 8, wherein said plurality of water storing pipes are fabricated out of a plastic. 10. A solar water heating and storage device according to claim 9, wherein said transparent cover includes a pair of glass panes having a gap therethrough, said gap filled with means for providing thermal insulation therein. 11. A solar water heating and storage device according to claim 10, wherein said pair of glass panes further includes an anti-reflective coating. 12. A solar water heating and storage device according to claim 11, wherein said bottom collector encases an electrical heating element having a standard safety interlock. 13. A solar water heating and storage device according to claim 1, further including a sheet member having a rippled configuration defining peaks having top and bottom surfaces, said top and bottom surfaces including peak and valley portions when viewed in cross-section, said device further including a flat sheet mounted over each of said top and bottom surfaces, whereby the combination of said valley portions in each of said sides of said sheet member with said flat sheets define said heating pipes. 14. A solar water heating and storage device according to claim 13, wherein said peak and valley portions are squared in cross-section. 15. A solar water heating and storage device according to claim 13, wherein said peak and valley portions are rounded in cross-section. 16. A method of making a solar water heating and storage device comprising the steps of: providing a sheet member having a top and a bottom surface; forming said sheet member to provide a rippled configuration, said rippled configuration defining a plurality of longitudinal corrugated grooves. encasing a plurality of water storing pipes having a first open end and a second open end within said plurality of longitudinal corrugated grooves; mounting a flat sheet over said top and bottom surfaces of said sheet member; covering said flat sheets with heat-absorbing material; disposing said sheet member within a housing having a transparent cover; and interconnecting said sheet member to a bottom collector at one end, and to an upper collector at a second opposite end, wherein said bottom collector is operatively connected to a fluid inlet for receiving water, and said upper collector is operatively connected to a fluid outlet for dispensing hot water. 17. A method of making a solar water heating and storage device according to claim 16, wherein said longitudinal corrugated grooves include square corners. 18. A method of making a solar water heating and storage device according to claim 16, wherein said longitudinal corrugated grooves included rounded corners. 19. A heat exchanger comprising: a plurality of heating pipes operatively connected to a fluid inlet, and a plurality of water storing pipes eccentrically encased within said plurality of heating pipes and in fluid communication with said plurality of heating pipes. 20. A solar water heating and storing device comprising: a housing made as a greenhouse box containing a heat exchanger according to claim 19, including a cold water inlet and hot water dispensing outlet. 