Methods and Systems are provided for generating electric power. One method includes the steps of: (a) submerging a housing into a body of water, the housing defining a chamber therein; (b) maintaining the chamber at a pressure lower than the pressure exerted by the body of water on the housing; (c) admitting water from the body of water into the chamber, and driving a turbine with the water flowing into the chamber to generate electric power; (d) discharging water from the chamber into the body of water; and (e) sequentially repeating steps (c) and (d).
Claims 1. A power generation system, comprising: a housing defining a chamber therein, the housing being submersible into a body of water; a water intake valve in the housing for admitting water from the body of water into the chamber; a turbine in the housing, the turbine driven by water flowing through the intake valve into the chamber for generating electric power; a conduit coupled to the housing for placing the chamber in communication with the atmosphere for maintaining the chamber at a pressure lower than the pressure exerted by the body of water on the housing; a water outlet valve in the housing for discharging water from the chamber into the body of water; a gas inlet valve in the housing for receiving a compressed gas into the chamber from a source of compressed gas, the compressed gas evacuating water in the chamber into the body of water through the outlet valve as the compressed gas is introduced into the chamber; and a gas outlet valve for evacuating compressed gas in the chamber into the body of water through the gas outlet valve as water is introduced into the chamber from the water intake valve. 2. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein the chamber comprises a first compartment and a second compartment, wherein water flows from the turbine into the first compartment, and thereafter through a check valve into the second compartment, wherein the second compartment includes the water outlet valve, the gas inlet valve, and the gas outlet valve. 3. The power generation system of claim 2, further comprising a resilient bladder in the second compartment separating the compressed gas and the water, wherein the bladder is inflated with the compressed gas introduced into the chamber to evacuate water in the second compartment into the body of water. 4. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein the compressed gas comprises compressed carbon dioxide. 5. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein the housing generally has the shape of a sphere, an ovoid, or a cylinder. 6. The power generation system of claim 1, further comprising a screen at the water intake valve for filtering water entering the housing through the water intake valve. 7. The power generation system of claim 1, further comprising a monitor to detect the presence of excess residual compressed gas in the bladder, and further comprising source of an additional compressed gas to substantially purge the chamber of the excess residual compressed gas. 8. The power generation system of claim 1, further comprising a control system for controlling in an alternating fashion the introduction of water in the chamber and the resulting evacuation of compressed gas from the chamber, and the introduction of compressed gas in the chamber and the resulting evacuation of water from the chamber. 9. A combination power generation system and deep water cooling system, comprising: a housing defining a chamber therein, the housing being submersible into a body of water; a water intake valve in the housing for admitting water from the body of water into the chamber; a turbine in the housing, the turbine driven by water flowing through the intake valve into the chamber for generating electric power; a conduit coupled to the housing for placing the chamber in communication with the atmosphere for maintaining the chamber at a pressure lower than the pressure exerted by the body of water on the housing; and a water intake unit for evacuating water from the chamber, and transferring the water to a given location. 10. A power generation system, comprising: a housing defining a chamber therein, the housing being submersible into a body of water; a water intake valve in the housing for admitting water from the body of water into the chamber; a turbine in the housing, the turbine driven by water flowing through the intake valve into the chamber for generating electric power; a conduit coupled to the housing for placing the chamber in communication with the atmosphere for maintaining the chamber at a pressure lower than the pressure exerted by the body of water on the housing; and an electrolysis unit for evacuating water from the chamber by converting the water into hydrogen and oxygen gases, and discharging the hydrogen and oxygen gases from the chamber. 11. The power generation system of claim 10, further comprising storage containers for separately storing the hydrogen and oxygen gases discharged from the chamber. 12. The power generation system of claim 10, further comprising an ammonia production unit for generating ammonia using the hydrogen. 13. A method for generating power, comprising: (a) submerging a housing into a body of water, the housing defining a chamber therein; (b) maintaining the chamber at a pressure lower than the pressure exerted by the body of water on the housing; (c) admitting water from the body of water into the chamber, and driving a turbine with the water flowing into the chamber to generate electric power; (d) discharging water from the chamber into the body of water; and (e) sequentially repeating steps (c) and (d). 14. The method of claim 13, wherein step (d) comprises admitting a compressed gas into the chamber to evacuate the water from the chamber into the body of water, and subsequently discharging the compressed gas into the body of water. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the compressed gas comprises carbon dioxide. 16. The method of claim 13, wherein step (d) comprises transporting the water from the chamber to a remote location in a deep water cooling system. 17. The method of claim 13, wherein step (d) comprises converting the water into hydrogen and oxygen gases, and discharging the hydrogen and oxygen gases from the chamber. 18. The method of claim 17, further comprising transporting the hydrogen and oxygen gases discharged from the chamber to a remote location. 19. The method of claim 17, further comprising generating ammonia using the hydrogen. 20. A power generation system, comprising: a power generation unit submersible into a body of water, the power generation unit including a housing defining at least one chamber therein, the power generation unit further including one or more turbines for generating electric power; a platform adapted to float on the surface of the body of water, the platform including a heater for heating water from the body of water; an evaporator or vacuum pump assisted regulating unit; a plurality of conduits coupling the platform and the power generation unit, the plurality of conduits including a water conduit, a steam conduit, and an air supply conduit; wherein heated water from the platform flows through the water conduit to the power generation unit to drive the one or more turbines for generating electric power, the water thereafter flowing to a hot water chamber in the housing; wherein the evaporator or vacuum pump assisted regulating unit facilitates evaporation of the water in the hot water chamber into steam that is drawn out of the power generation unit through the steam conduit. 21. The power generation system of claim 20, further comprising a condensation unit for condensing steam from the power generation unit into distilled water, and further comprising a tank for storing the distilled water. 22. The power generation system of claim 21, wherein the condensation unit further comprises a heat exchanger for transferring heat from the steam to the water flowing to the heater. 23. The power generation system of claim 20, wherein the heater comprises a solar heater. 24. The power generation system of claim 20, wherein the power generation unit further comprises a water intake valve for admitting water from the body of water and driving the one or more turbines, wherein at least a portion of the water received from the water intake valve is mixed with water from the hot water chamber and evaporated. 25. The power generation system of claim 20, further comprising a blow down unit for collecting and expelling effluent from the power generation unit. 26. A method for generating power, comprising: (a) submerging a housing into a body of water, the housing defining a chamber therein; (b) maintaining the chamber at a pressure lower than the pressure exerted by the body of water on the housing; (c) heating water from the body of water into heated water; (d) dropping the heated water into the chamber, and driving one or more turbines with the water flowing into the chamber to generate electric power; (e) evaporating the heated water into steam and transferring the steam out of the housing; and (f) sequentially repeating steps (c), (d), and (e). 27. The method of claim 26, further comprising condensing the steam to form distilled water. 28. The method of claim 26, wherein step (c) is performed using a solar heater. 29. The method of claim 26, wherein step (e) is performed using a vacuum pump assisted regulating unit to lower pressure in a conduit extending from the housing for transferring the steam or an evaporator. 30. The method of claim 26, further comprising admitting water into the housing from the body of water and driving the one or more turbines, wherein at least a portion of the water is mixed with the heated water to be evaporated. 