A mounting structure of a solar cell module includes a fastening for mounting the solar cell module on a lateral beam. The fastening includes a body, and a plurality of hooks formed at an end of the body. The hooks have a hook having a form bent toward one side, having an end directed downward and serving as a first hook, and a hook having a form bent away from the one side, having an end directed downward and serving as a second hook. The hooks are opposed to and engaged with a projection of a hooked and L-shaped form formed on the solar cell module.
Claims 1. A mounting structure of a solar cell module comprising: a fixing member for attaching the solar cell module to a beam member, wherein said fixing member includes a body, and a plurality of hooks formed at an end of said body and each having a hooked form; said hooks including a first hook having a form bent toward one side, and having an end directed downward, and a second hook having a form bent away from said one side, and having an end directed downward; and at least one of said first and second hooks being opposed to and engaged with an engagement portion of a hooked form formed at said solar cell module. 2. The mounting structure of the solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein said fixing member has said body of a plate-like form, and a plate-like attaching portion to be in contact with said beam member via a plane; and said body has a main surface substantially perpendicular to a main surface of said attaching portion. 3. The mounting structure of the solar cell module according to claim 2, wherein said attaching portion is arranged under said solar cell module. 4. The mounting structure of the solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein said hooks are formed such that said first and second hooks are located alternately to each other in the direction of alignment of said first and second hooks. 5. The mounting structure of the solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein at least one of said first and second hooks has a projection at a portion engaged with said engagement portion. 6. The mounting structure of the solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein said fixing member includes a receiver for carrying a bottom of said solar cell module from a lower side. 7. The mounting structure of the solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein said fixing member includes a fin being in contact with a side surface of said solar cell module. 8. The mounting structure of the solar cell module according to claim 7, wherein said fin has a projection opposed to said solar cell module. 9. The mounting structure of the solar cell module according to claim 8, wherein at least one of said first and second hooks has a projection at a portion engaged with said engagement portion, and the projection of said hook is formed on a side opposite to a side of arrangement of said fin. 10. The mounting structure of the solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein said solar cell module includes an element plate provided with a solar cell element, and a mount frame surrounding an edge of said element plate; said mount frame has said engagement portion, and a rib arranged above said engagement portion; and said rib has a plane form and covers a space between said element plate and said fixing members. 11. The mounting structure of the solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein said beam members has a rail having a substantially U-shaped section for parallel movement of said fixing member in a longitudinal direction, and a base formed for arranging said solar cell module and located on a side opposite to a side of formation of said rail. 12. The mounting structure of the solar cell module according to claim 11, wherein said beam member has a boundary side wall formed by extending one of side walls of said rail upward. 13. The mounting structure of the solar cell module according to claim 12, wherein said fixing member includes a plurality of touching portions projected for contact with said boundary side wall, and a longitudinal direction of each of said touching portions is substantially parallel to a vertical direction. 