Solar Powered Cooler is an electrically operated portable cooler powered by solar photovoltaic electrical generation incorporated into the cooler design and which may include auxiliary solar photovoltaic electricity generating panels, modules or cells, a supplemental battery power pack, power conditioning, inverter, auxiliary battery charging and direct and alternating current power supply. Solar powered cooler is intended for self-powered operation using the sun as the energy source for generating the electrical power on which it operates.
Claims 1. A portable cooler which can be used as a food and beverage storage container that uses solar generated electricity for power. 2. A portable cooler which can be used as a food and beverage storage container that uses solar generated electricity for power and which incorporates photovoltaic electrical generating panels, modules and/or cells into the top and/or body of the cooler. 3. A portable cooler which can be used as a food and beverage storage container that uses solar generated electricity for power, and which includes external solar power generating panels, modules and/or cells. 4. A portable cooler which can be used as a food and beverage storage container that uses solar generated electricity for power, and which includes a battery power pack for extended cooling and operation. 5. A portable cooler which can be used as a food and beverage storage container that uses solar generated electricity for power and which provides the capability of an inverter for provision of alternating current power for the cooler or other uses. 6. A portable cooler which can be used as a food and beverage storage container that uses solar generated electricity for power and which provides for direct current power for auxiliary battery charging or other uses. 7. Powering a portable cooler with solar generated electricity with any electrical cooling technology, including by not limited to thermoelectric, evaporative or other refrigeration technologies. 8. A portable cooler which can be used as a food and beverage storage container that uses solar generated electricity for power, with the solar generated electricity being produced by any photovoltaic technology, including but not limited to monocrystalline, polycrystalline; thin film solar panel, module or cell technology either currently available or solar electrical generating technologies to be developed in the future. 9. Incorporating a carrying handle with a portable cooler which can be used as a food and beverage storage container that uses solar generated electricity for power, including the capability to store the carrying handle in a recess in the cooler, or to use the carrying handle for additional purposes such as elevating the solar panels, modules or cells for more direct solar gain. 10. A portable cooler which can be used as a food and beverage storage container that uses solar generated electricity for power, with any combination of the preceding claims 1 through 9 made herein. 