This invention is to establish a real-time and self-supporting environmental monitoring system using wireless sensor network and solar energy. First, the precipitation volume and groundwater level of monitoring nodes are transported to the gateway by the multi-hop topology of wireless sensor network. Secondly, the gateway transmits the information to a base station via the GPRS or GSM. Finally, the monitoring data are transposed into an established database. The user can inquire about the real-time monitoring information via the internet, and so as to prevent the disaster and to reduce the damage in advance.
Claims 1. A real-time and self-supporting environmental monitoring system using Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) and solar energy, comprising: a plurality of monitoring nodes to monitor a first environmental information, wherein the first environmental information is rainfall, underground water level, water pressure, permeation flow or PH value of water, and each of the monitoring nodes comprises a first solar energy module to serve as an electrical power source; a relay station to receive the monitor signals transmitted via a first wireless communication network from the monitoring nodes and then to relay and transmit, wherein the relay station comprises a second solar energy module to serve as an electrical power source; and a base station to receive the monitor signals transmitted via a second wireless communication network from the relay station and to transpose the monitor signals into a monitor data to save. 2. The real-time and self-supporting environmental monitoring system using Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) and solar energy according to claim 1, wherein the first wireless communication network and the second wireless communication network may be a General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) or a Global Standard for Mobile Communications (GSM). 3. The real-time and self-supporting environmental monitoring system using Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) and solar energy according to claim 1, wherein each of the monitoring nodes further comprises: a sensor to monitor the first environmental information; and a Mote to control and process the first environmental information, and to transmit the monitor signals to the relay station via the first wireless communication network. 4. The real-time and self-supporting environmental monitoring system using Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) and solar energy according to claim 3, wherein the sensor is a rainfall measuring tube, an underground water level meter, a water pressure meter, a permeation flow meter or a PH value meter. 5. The real-time and self-supporting environmental monitoring system using Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) and solar energy according to claim 1, wherein relay station further comprises: a signal receiving module to receive the monitor signals transmitted from the monitoring nodes; a signal relay module to relay the monitor signals; and an antenna to transmit the monitor signals to the base station via the second wireless communication network. 6. The real-time and self-supporting environmental monitoring system using Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) and solar energy according to claim 5, wherein the relay station further comprises sensor to monitor a second environmental information and to send the second environmental information to the signal relay module, and the second environmental information is rainfall, underground water level, water pressure, permeation flow or PH value of water. 7. The real-time and self-supporting environmental monitoring system using Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) and solar energy according to claim 6, wherein the sensor is a rainfall measuring tube, an underground water level meter, a water pressure meter, a permeation flow meter or a PH value meter. 8. The real-time and self-supporting environmental monitoring system using Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) and solar energy according to claim 1, wherein the first solar energy module comprises: a solar plate to receive sunlight and transform into electrical energy; a controller to control the solar energy module; and a rechargeable battery to store the electrical energy and serve as the electrical power source for the monitoring nodes. 9. The real-time and self-supporting environmental monitoring system using Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) and solar energy according to claim 8, wherein the solar plate is Si-based. 10. The real-time and self-supporting environmental monitoring system using Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) and solar energy according to claim 8, wherein the solar plate is compound-based comprising GaAs-based, InGaAs-based, CdTe-based, AlGaAs-based and Culn(Ga)Se2-based. 11. The real-time and self-supporting environmental monitoring system using Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) and solar energy according to claim 1, wherein the second solar energy module comprising: a solar plate to receive sunlight and transform into electrical energy; a controller to control the solar energy module; and a rechargeable battery to store the electrical energy and serve as the electrical power source for the monitoring nodes. 12. The real-time and self-supporting environmental monitoring system using Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) and solar energy according to claim 11, wherein the solar plate is Si-based. 13. The real-time and self-supporting environmental monitoring system using Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) and solar energy according to claim 11, wherein the solar plate is compound-based comprising GaAs-based, InGaAs-based, CdTe-based, AlGaAs-based and Culn(Ga)Se2-based. 14. The real-time and self-supporting environmental monitoring system using Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) and solar energy according to claim 1, wherein the base station comprising: a signal receiving module to receive the monitor signals transmitted from the relay station; a signal processing module to process the monitor signals into a monitor data; and a data storage module to store the monitor data. 15. The real-time and self-supporting environmental monitoring system using Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) and solar energy according to claim 14, wherein the data storage module is a Hard Disc (HD) or a Data Base (DB). 16. A real-time environmental monitoring method, comprising: providing a WSN, wherein the WSN comprises a plurality of monitoring nodes to monitor a environmental information, the environmental information is rainfall, underground water level, water pressure, permeation flow or PH value of water, and each monitoring node comprises a first solar energy module to serve as an electrical power source; providing a relay station, which includes a second solar energy module to serve as the electrical power source, to receive the monitor signals transmitted via a first wireless communication network from the monitoring nodes, and then to transmit; and providing a base station to receive the monitor signals transmitted via a second wireless communication network from the relay station, and to transpose the monitor signals into a monitor data to save. 