It is described a concentration photovoltaic module, comprising a support structure, a linear mirror with parabolic profile mounted on the support structure, and a linear receiver device mounted on the support structure near to the focus of the linear mirror. The linear mirror comprises a pair of half-mirrors separated at the axial plane of the linear mirror. The support structure comprises a pair of corresponding half-mirror supports, in which each of the half-mirrors is formed from a sheet of elastically flexible material, and in which each of the half-mirror supports has a mounting surface suitable for defining and maintaining the parabolic profile of the respective half-mirror. For each half-mirror support an attachment spring is foreseen, arranged along a longitudinal side of the half-mirror support, suitable for forcing the respective half-mirror against the mounting surface.
Claims 1. Concentration photovoltaic module, comprising a support structure, a linear mirror with parabolic profile mounted on the support structure, and a linear receiver device mounted on the support structure near to the focus of the linear mirror, wherein the linear mirror comprises a pair of half-mirrors separated at the axial plane of the linear mirror, said support structure comprising a pair of corresponding half-mirror supports, in which each of said half-mirrors is formed from a sheet of elastically flexible material, and in which each of said half-mirror supports has a mounting surface suitable for defining and maintaining the parabolic profile of the respective half-mirror, with elastic attachment means being foreseen for each half-mirror support, arranged along a longitudinal side of the half-mirror support, suitable for forcing the respective half-mirror against the mounting surface of the half-mirror support. 2. Module according to claim 1, wherein said elastic attachment means consist of a spring-type profile, having bent side wings connected together by a core, one of said wings being connected through shape-coupling to the respective half-mirror support, and the other being engaged by a longitudinal edge of the respective half-mirror. 3. Module according to claim 1, wherein between each half-mirror and the respective mounting surface a film of material with lower sliding friction than the materials of the mounting surface and the half-mirror is arranged, which acts a sliding layer between them. 4. Module according to claim 1, wherein the half-mirror supports are formed from profiles coupled together and shaped so as to define the respective mounting surfaces for the half-mirrors. 5. Module according to claim 1, wherein said support structure comprises a bar frame with box-shaped section in which the receiver device is housed. 6. Module according to claim 5, wherein the section of the bar frame is open on opposite sides in the direction of the axial plane, and defines a central cavity that houses the receiver device, and it is connected on one side to a first end cavity of smaller size than the central cavity, facing in the opposite direction to the mirror, and on the other side to a second end cavity with trapezoidal section, facing towards the mirror. 7. Module according to claim 6, wherein a heat dissipator is clipped into the first end cavity so as to be in contact with the receiver device. 8. Module according to claim 7, wherein said dissipator has a contact portion, positioned in contact with the receiver device, and a plurality of fins that project from the contact portion and extend up to outside of the first end cavity of the bar frame, a pair of side fins of such fins, arranged on opposite sides of the dissipator, having projecting parts suitable for engaging corresponding projecting parts formed on the side walls of the first end cavity of the bar frame. 