A current-triggered synchro-rectifier comprising an electronic switch configured to be in its ON setting when the current flowing through its cathode exceeds a predetermined threshold. The electronic switch may include a half-wave rectifier wired to the source terminal and the drain terminal of a MOSFET device, and a current monitor configured to monitor the drain-current flowing through the drain terminal. The current monitor sends a gate signal to the gate terminal such that the MOSFET is switched to its ON state when the drain-current exceeds a first threshold current and the MOSFET is switched to its OFF state when the drain-current falls below a second threshold current. Usefully, the synchro-rectifier may be incorporated into a full-wave rectifier.
Claims 1. A current-triggered synchro-rectifier comprising an electronic switch having an anode and a cathode, said electronic switch configured to be in its ON setting when current flowing through said cathode exceeds a predetermined threshold. 2. The current-triggered synchro-rectifier of claim 1, wherein said electronic switch comprises: a MOSFET device that comprises a source terminal, a drain terminal and a gate terminal; a half-wave rectifier in parallel with said MOSFET device, wired to the source terminal and the drain terminal of the MOSFET device, a current monitor configured to monitor a drain-current flowing through the drain terminal and to send a gate signal to said gate terminal, such that said MOSFET is switched to its ON state when said drain-current exceeds a first threshold current and said MOSFET is switched to its OFF state when said drain-current falls below a second threshold current. 3. The current-triggered synchro-rectifier of claim 2, wherein said current monitor comprises a current transformer. 4. A full-wave rectifier, comprising: first half-wave rectifier having one anode wired to a first output terminal and one cathode wired to a first input terminal; second half-wave rectifier having one anode wired to said first output terminal and one cathode wired to a second input terminal; third half-wave rectifier having one anode wired to said first input terminal and one cathode wired to a second output terminal; and fourth half-wave rectifier having one anode wired to said second input terminal and one cathode wired to said second output terminal; full-wave rectifier for providing an output of constant polarity from an input of variable polarity, wherein at least one half-wave rectifier comprises the current-triggered synchro-rectifier of claim 1. 5. A full-wave rectifier comprising a first half-wave rectifier having one anode wired to a first output terminal and one cathode wired to a first input terminal; a second half-wave rectifier having one anode wired to said first output terminal and one cathode wired to a second input terminal; a third half-wave rectifier having one anode wired to said first input terminal and one cathode wired to a second output terminal; and a fourth half-wave rectifier having one anode wired to said second input terminal and one cathode wired to said second output terminal; the full wave rectifier for providing an output of constant polarity from an input of variable polarity, wherein at least one half-wave rectifier comprises an electronic switch configured to be in its ON state when the current flowing through the cathode of said switch exceeds a predetermined threshold. 6. The full-wave rectifier of claim 5, wherein: said first half-wave rectifiers comprises a first electronic switch configured to be in its ON setting when the current flowing through its cathode exceeds a first predetermined threshold, and said second half-wave rectifiers comprises a second electronic switch configured to be in its ON setting when the current flowing through its cathode exceeds a second predetermined threshold. 7. The full-wave rectifier of claim 5, wherein at least one half-wave rectifier comprises an electronic switch configured to be switched between its ON and OFF states in synchrony with the frequency of the input signal. 8. The full-wave rectifier of claim 5, wherein: said first half-wave rectifier comprises a first electronic switch configured to be in its ON state when the current flowing through its cathode exceeds a predetermined threshold; said second half-wave rectifiers comprises a second electronic switch configured to be in its ON state when the current flowing through its cathode exceeds a predetermined threshold; said third half-wave rectifiers comprises a third electronic switch configured to be switched between its ON and OFF states in phase with the voltage signal at said second input terminal, and said fourth half-wave rectifiers comprises a third electronic switch configured to be switched between its ON and OFF states in phase with the voltage signal at said first input terminal. 9. The full-wave rectifier of claim 5, wherein said electronic switch comprises a transistor. 10. The full-wave rectifier of claim 5, wherein said electronic switch comprises a MOSFET device. 11. The full-wave rectifier of claim 5, wherein said electronic switch comprises: a MOSFET device comprising a source terminal, a drain terminal and a gate terminal; a half-wave rectifier wired to said source terminal and said drain terminal in parallel with said MOSFET device, and a current monitor configured to monitor a drain-current flowing through said drain terminal and to send a gate signal to said gate terminal such that said MOSFET is switched to its ON state when said drain-current exceeds a first threshold current and said MOSFET is switched to its OFF state when said drain-current falls below a second threshold current. 12. The full-wave rectifier of claim 11, wherein said current monitor comprises a current transformer. 13. The full-wave rectifier of claim 5, incorporated into a power converter. 14. A power converter comprising a full-wave rectifier of claim 5. 15. The current-triggered sychro-rectifier of claim 1 incorporated into an LLC resonant converter. 16. The current-triggered sychro-rectifier of claim 1 incorporated into an implanted medical device. 17. The current-triggered synchro-rectifier of claim 1 incorporated into an inductive power receiver comprising a secondary inductor configured to inductively couple with a remote primary inductor. 18. The current-triggered sychro-rectifier of claim 1 incorporated into a power harvesting device. 19. The current-triggered sychro-rectifier of claim 1 incorporated into a device comprising at least power generator. 20. The current-triggered sychro-rectifier of claim 19, wherein said power generator is selected from the group consisting of: at least one solar cell, at least one turbogenerator and at least one fuel-cell. 