The present invention proposes a solar panel mounting structure comprises: a frame and three gears. The frame has a first opening, a second opening and a third opening, and connects to a solar panel; the third opening is aligned with the first opening and the second opening. The first gear has a first bar; the first bar works in the first opening. The second gear has a second bar; the second bar works in the second opening. The third gear has an axle, and locates between the first gear and the second gear and gearing therein; the axle works in the third opening; thereby, the solar panel seesaws when the third gear turns.
Claims 1. A solar panel mounting structure comprising: a frame having a first opening, a second opening and a third opening, and connecting to a solar panel; said third opening being aligned with said first opening and said second opening; a first gear having a first bar; said first bar working in said first opening; a second gear having a second bar; said second bar working in said second opening; and a third gear having an axle, and locating between said first gear and said second gear and gearing therein; said axle working in said third opening; thereby, said solar panel seesawing when said third gear turning. 2. A solar panel mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein: said first gear connects a first disk; said first disk locates between said first gear and said frame; said first bar connects to a side of said first disk. 3. A solar panel mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein: said second gear connects a second disk; said second disk locates between said second gear and said frame; said second bar connects to a side of said second disk. 4. A solar panel mounting structure according to claim 1, further comprising: a first holder connecting to said first gear; a second holder connecting to second first gear; a third holder connecting to said third gear; thereby, said first holder, said second holder and said third holder fixing on a building. 5. A solar panel mounting structure according to claim 1, further comprising: a first holder connecting to said first gear; a second holder connecting to second first gear; a third holder connecting to said third gear; thereby, said first holder, said second holder and said third holder fixing on the ground. 6. A solar panel mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein: said first opening is long; said second opening is long; said third opening is circular. 