Security systems and methods are implemented using a variety of devices and methods. According to one such implementation, a security system uses a controller to communicate with security-monitoring devices and has an integrated image-capture device with a circuit board structure with an angle-setting support article, a circuit board with a nonadjustable surface, and data-communicating conductors. A camera is secured to the nonadjustable surface and is directed at a first angle relative to the nonadjustable surface. A motion detector is secured to the nonadjustable surface and is directed at a second angle relative to the nonadjustable surface of the circuit board. The support article sets the first angle relative to the second angle for capturing both images and motion in a target area. A data-communication circuit communicates data from the camera and the motion detector and wirelessly communicates the data to the controller. A solar circuit provides power to the device.
Claims 1. For use in a security system that uses a controller to communicate with security-monitoring devices, an integrated image-capture device comprising: a circuit board structure having an angle-setting support article, a circuit board with a nonadjustable surface, and electrical conductors; an integrated arrangement including a camera secured to the nonadjustable surface and directed at a first angle relative to the nonadjustable surface, and a motion detector secured to the nonadjustable surface and differently directed at a second angle relative to the nonadjustable surface of the circuit board, the support article setting the first angle relative to the second angle for capturing both images and motion in a target area, and the camera and the motion detector electrically connected to respective ones of the electrical conductors; a control circuit for wireless communication between the controller and the integrated arrangement; a rechargeable power supply; a solar circuit for converting optical energy into electrical energy; and a charge circuit configured to receive electrical energy from the solar circuit and to use the received electrical energy to charge the rechargeable power supply. 2. The device of claim 1, further including a control circuit for testing one of the camera and motion detector to determine whether weather conditions have obstructed light from reaching the camera or the motion detector. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein the device includes a housing that secures the circuit board and an independent power source, and that is adapted to direct the motion detector at an angle along a substantially horizontal plane and to direct the camera in a downwardly direction to cover an area beneath the substantially horizontal plane. 4. The device of claim 1, further comprising: two infrared emitters integrated with the surface of the circuit board using one or more wired connections; and two supports that direct one of the infrared emitters at an angle different from an angle of the other infrared emitter. 5. The device of claim 4, wherein the infrared emitters are directed away from one another, thereby increasing an angle of illumination from both emitters, relative to an angle of illumination for both emitters directed parallel to each other and wherein the infrared emitters are electrically connected to the circuit board using a screw that also physically connects a video processor to the circuit board. 6. The device of claim 4, wherein the infrared emitters are directed away from one another, thereby increasing an angle of illumination from both emitters, relative to an angle of illumination for both emitters directed parallel to each other and wherein the infrared emitters are connected to the circuit board using a screw. 7. The device of claim 1, wherein the support that directs the motion detector includes strippable ribs for removal of the support. 8. The device of claim 1, wherein the circuit board includes an image processor and wherein the image processor and at least part of a communication circuit are located on a side of the circuit board opposite a side of the circuit board from which the motion detector and the image capture device are directed. 9. The device of claim 1, wherein the device includes a water-tight housing that holds the circuit board and that includes a cone shaped portion to reduce parasitic light from reaching the motion detector. 10. The device of claim 1, wherein the motion detector is a passive infrared detector. 11. The device of claim 1, wherein the device is arranged to capture pictures in a black-and-white mode and a color mode. 12. The device of claim 9, wherein during low light conditions, the device operates in the black-and-white mode using light provided by infrared emitters located on the circuit board and wherein, during high light conditions, the device is selectable to operate in either the black-and-white mode or the color mode. 13. For use in a security system that uses a controller to communicate with security-monitoring devices, an image-capture device having a circuit board with a nonadjustable surface, the device comprising: a wireless circuit for wirelessly interfacing with the controller; a camera secured to the nonadjustable surface of the circuit board and directed at a first angle substantially perpendicular to the surface of the circuit board; a motion detector integrated with the nonadjustable surface of the circuit board using one or more through-hole connections; a support that directs the motion detector at a second angle different from said first angle during soldering of the through-hole connections; a solar circuit for converting optical energy into electrical energy; and a power circuit for using the electrical energy from the solar circuit to power the device. 14. For use in a security system that uses a controller to communicate with security-monitoring devices, an integrated image-capture device comprising: a battery circuit; a circuit for receiving wireless control signals; a power-control circuit, responsive to reception of the wireless control signals, to control use of the battery circuit; a camera; a motion detector; a circuit board structure to electrically integrate the camera and the motion detector, to set a first angle at which the camera is to capture images and to set a second angle, different from the first angle, at which the motion detector is to detect motion; logic for synchronizing transmission of data between the circuit for receiving wireless control signals and the controller; a solar circuit for converting optical energy into electrical energy; and a power circuit for using the electrical energy from the solar circuit to power the device. 15. The device of claim 14, wherein the device operates in a first power mode and a second power mode under the control of the power-control circuit and wherein the first power mode reduces power consumption of one or more of the camera, the motion detector and the circuit for receiving wireless control signals with respect to power consumption of said one or more of the camera, the motion detector and the circuit for receiving wireless control signals operating in the second power mode. 16. The device of claim 14, further including logic to compress image data captured by the camera. 17. The device of claim 14, further including a temporary memory for storing captured images and logic to select a portion of the stored captured images to be transmitted to the controller and a second portion of the stored captured images that is not transmitted to the controller. 18. The device of claim 14, wherein the synchronization logic identifies periodic times during which communication occurs between the image-capture device and the controller and wherein the power-control circuit disables the circuit for receiving wireless control signals during time not identified as the periodic times. 19. The device of claim 1, further including a water-tight casing that contains the circuit board structure. 