A severe weather monitoring system including a local event detector wherein the local event detector includes at least one electric field monitor and at least one electromagnetic sensor. A local grid computer receives local data from the electric field monitor and the electromagnetic sensor, the local grid computer is connected to the Internet to periodically send information about local environmental conditions to local and remote communications devices, such as computers and cell phones. The local grid computer includes software to analyze the local data and to post the local data to a computer network and wherein the local grid computer can trigger a local on site alert in event of the sensed data indicating a dangerous condition.
Claims 1. A severe weather monitoring and alert system including a local event detector system, wherein the local event detector and alert system comprises: (a) at least one electrostatic sensor; (b) at least one electromagnetic lightning detector; and (c) a local grid computer comprising computer implemented communications methods for receiving local data from said electrostatic sensor and said electromagnetic lightning detector, wherein, (i) at least one local grid computer with access to the local data from the sensor and detector is connected to the Internet and comprises software implemented methods to periodically send information about local environmental conditions as data to local and remote communications devices; (ii) at least one local grid computer comprises software implemented methods to analyze data prior to sending the data to the computer network comprising local and remote communications devices, and (ii) at least one local grid computer comprises software implemented methods to trigger a local on-site or remote alert in the event that analysis of data detects a dangerous local condition. 2. The severe weather monitoring and alert system of claim 1, wherein the local data includes information about one or more of: (i) the potential of a lightning strike in a location, and (ii) information about the location and frequency of lightning strikes, wherein software implemented logic and data can analyze the location and frequency of lightning strikes and trigger an alert, and the alert triggered can trigger actions to remotely control electrical equipment that is located in an alert zone. 3. The severe weather monitoring and alert system of claim 1, wherein local data accessed by the system for analysis includes information about one or more of: (i) the potential of a lightning strike in a location, and (ii) information about the location and frequency of lightning strikes, and wherein software implemented logic and data can analyze the location and frequency of lightning strikes and trigger an alert, and the alert triggered comprises an alert notification by one or more of a visual display, a siren, a pre-recorded message and a text message. 4. The severe weather monitoring and alert system of claim 1, wherein the local event detector further comprises a local weather station comprising one or more devices selected from a thermometer, barometer, an anemometer, rain fall gauge, and solar radiation detector and data from local weather detection data is provided to the system for combining with other local data for analysis to determine whether to trigger an alert. 5. The severe weather monitoring and alert system of claim 1, wherein the system receives and analyzes the combination of local data from at least one local event detector and remote data from at least one other remote event detector selected from radar and satellite imagery and includes logic to combine remote data with local data to determine whether to trigger an alert. 6. The severe weather monitoring and alert system of claim 1, wherein communications devices comprise Internet, any telephone, cell phones and computers. 7. The severe weather monitoring and alert system of claim 1, wherein communications devices comprise a website on the Internet and the website provides a map that can display local lightning strike locations occurring within a period of time, and wherein said lightning strikes are maintained on the map for a period of time such that frequency and location of lightning strikes in an area might be visually displayed. 8. The severe weather monitoring and alert system of claim 1, wherein said local event detector is part of a network grid system having a plurality of local event detectors and can be configured by the end user to detect data and report events not used by the network alert system logic in determining whether to trigger an alert. 9. A severe weather monitoring and alert network grid system including a plurality of local event detectors and alert systems, wherein each local event detector and alert system comprises: (a) at least one electrostatic sensor; (b) at least one electromagnetic lightning detector; and (c) a local grid computer comprising computer implemented communications methods for receiving local data from said electrostatic sensor and said electromagnetic lightning detector, wherein, (i) at least one local grid computer with access to the local data from the sensor and detector is connected to the Internet and comprises software implemented methods to periodically send information about local environmental conditions as data to local and remote communications devices; (ii) at least one local grid computer comprises software implemented methods to analyze data prior to sending the data to the computer network comprising local and remote communications devices, and (ii) at least one local grid computer comprises software implemented methods to trigger a local on-site or remote alert in the event that analysis of data detects a dangerous local condition. 10. The severe weather monitoring and alert network grid system of claim 9, wherein the local data includes information about one or more of: (i) the potential of a lightning strike in a location, and (ii) information about the location and frequency of lightning strikes, wherein software implemented logic and data can analyze the location and frequency of lightning strikes and trigger an alert, and the alert triggered provides logic with software or hardware implemented methods to remotely turn off electrical equipment and turn on backup generators in an alert zone. 11. The severe weather monitoring and alert network grid system of claim 10, wherein the alert triggered comprises an alert notification by one or more of a visual display, a siren, a pre-recorded voice message, an email message, a message on voice mail, and a text message communication. 12. The severe weather monitoring and alert network grid system of claim 11, wherein the local event detector further comprises a local weather station comprising one or more devices selected from a thermometer, barometer, an anemometer, rain fall gauge, and solar radiation detector and data from local weather detection data is provided to the system for combining with other local data for analysis to determine whether to trigger an alert. 13. The severe weather monitoring and alert network grid system of claim 11, wherein the system receives and analyzes the combination of local data from at least one local event detector and remote data from at least one other remote event detector selected from radar and satellite imagery and includes logic to combine remote data with local data to determine whether to trigger an alert. 14. The severe weather monitoring and alert network grid system of claim 13, wherein communications devices comprise one or more of a website on the internet, a telephone, a cell phone, a computer, and a plurality that is a combination of two or more or the same or different devices. 15. The severe weather monitoring and alert network grid system of claim 14, wherein communications devices comprise a website on the Internet and the website provides a map that can display local lightning strike locations occurring within a period of time, and wherein said lightning strikes are maintained on the map for a period of time such that frequency and location of lightning strikes in an area might be visually displayed. 16. The severe weather monitoring and alert network grid system of claim 14, wherein one or more local event detector can be configured by the end user to detect data and report events not used by the network alert system logic in determining whether or not to trigger an alert. 17. A computer and communications implemented method of monitoring weather and providing local or remote alerts comprising: (a) sensing electrostatic energy in at least one geographic area; (b) sensing electromagnetic energy in at least one geographic area; (d) sensing lightning strikes in at least one geographic area; (e) detecting or receiving by communication additional weather related data from at least one local weather station, (f) recording lightning strike location and frequency with indicia and maintaining said indicia for a period of time; (g) utilizing data from one or more of (a)-(f) and computer implemented logic operating on a local grid computer, or networked remote computer, to calculate a risk of eminent additional lightning strike events in at least one particular geographic area; and (h) triggering an alert in a local geographic area and responding to the alert, wherein the process of triggering an alert and responding to an alert includes the steps of sending at least one message to at least one communications device in the geographic area, remotely turning off at least one piece of electrical equipment, and remotely turning on at least one back up generator in the geographical area. 18. The computer and communications implemented method of monitoring weather and providing local or remote alerts according to claim 17, wherein the step of detecting or receiving by communication additional weather related data comprises data from at least one of temperature, wind speed, precipitation, barometric pressure, solar radiation, and dew point. 19. The computer and communications implemented method of monitoring weather and providing local or remote alerts according to claim 17, wherein the step of recording lightning strike location and frequency with indicia and maintaining said indicia for a period of time further comprises posting a lightning strike as a first color or shape indicia upon a local area alert map located on a web page, or other downloadable document for a first period of time, and then changing the indicia to a second color or shape and maintaining it on the web page or other downloadable document for a second period of time. 20. The computer and communications implemented method of monitoring weather and providing local or remote alerts according to claim 17, wherein the method further comprises the step of sending local data from a first local computer located on a local grid computer to a communications network computer that is in communication with a plurality of local grid computers. 