An improved area earthquake warning system based on distributed decision making method, which makes such a system affordable in the region where wired and wireless mobile communication infrastructures are too expensive to build. The present invention can provide seconds, even tens of seconds for users to seek shelter to reduce injuries and lives lost. An exemplary embodiment of the invention described herein comprises a network of earthquake detection sites covering a geographic region with four types of earthquake detection sites. Instead of sending all raw ground motion signals to a remote central processing site, these detection sites send processed earthquake parameters to a nearby alarm site to decide if an earthquake alarm broadcasting should be triggered. This method shortens the response time, decreases the false alarm rate, and provides unlimited scalability. Further more, this invention provides self-check mechanism to eliminate system malfunction time.
Claims 1. An area earthquake warning system based on distributed decision making method. It comprises a network of earthquake detection sites covering a geographic region with four types of earthquake detection sites: Level I Site: An earthquake detection site, which consists of multiple types of earthquake detection sensors, signal processing device and wireless transmitter, powered by solar cell and re-chargeable battery. Level II Site: Level I Site plus a wireless signal relay device, powered by solar cell and re-chargeable battery. Level III Site: Level II Site plus a wireless broadcasting device. It has the capability of issuing and broadcasting an earthquake alarm signal, powered by UPS type power supply. Level IV Site: Level III Site plus area network management system, powered by UPS type power supply. 2. The area earthquake warning system of claim 1 further comprising five types of system signals: Class A: Site status signal. Class B: Minor earthquake signal. Class C1: Internal earthquake alarm signal. Class C2: Broadcast earthquake alarm signal. Class D: Client test signal. 3. The area earthquake warning system of claim 1 further comprising two types of regions: Monitor region: The sum of all the areas around earthquake detection site (Level I.about.IV). Warning region: The sum of all the areas covered by broadcasting signal of Level III.about.IV sites. 4. The area earthquake warning system of claim 1 further comprising two types of client terminals: Mobile Client Terminal: An alarm terminal designed for mobile clients, which consists of a wireless signal receiver, a decoder for earthquake alarm signal (class C2) and client test signal (Class D), and an alarm device. Fix Client Terminal: An alarm terminal designed for non-mobile clients, which consists of a wireless signal receiver, a decoder for earthquake alarm signal (class C2) and client test signal (Class D), and an alarm device. 5. The area earthquake warning system of claim 1, wherein each Level III and Level IV site has the decision making capability to issue and broadcast an earthquake alarm signal (Class C2) based on the received internal earthquake alarm signals (Class C1) and minor earthquake signals (Class B). 6. The area earthquake warning system of claim 1 further comprising multiple data links based on wireless relay communication and short pulse message burst mode. Said data links include: An earthquake alarming data link, which handles Class C1 and C2 signal and is active when a strong earthquake is detected. A minor earthquake reporting data link, which handles Class B signal and is active when a minor earthquake is detected. A site status reporting data link, which handles Class A signal and is active routinely for sites health check. A client terminal testing data link, which handles Class D signal and is active routinely for the health check of client terminals. 7. The multiple data links of claim 6, wherein any two sites communicate with each other through one or more sites with relaying capability if the distance is beyond their ability of direct communication. 8. The multiple data links of claim 6, wherein a redundant method is used in both the signal format and the frequency channels of wireless communication to increase the reliability of said data links. 9. The multiple data links of claim 6, wherein an encryption method is used in signal coding to protect said data links from signal forgery. 10. The area earthquake warning system of claim 1 further comprising a self-check mechanism. 11. The self-check mechanism of claim 10, wherein each Level IV site inspects the status signals (Class A) from all the sites in said monitoring region. A maintenance request will be issued to system operator if any site does not report its status correctly. 12. The self-check mechanism of claim 10, wherein each Level III.about.IV site issues client test signal (Class D) routinely. Every client terminal checks its health by verifying whether it can receive such signal correctly both in timing and content, and notify user. 13. The self-check mechanism of claim 10, wherein each Level IV site inspects the earthquake signals (Class B and C1) from all the sites in said monitoring region. A maintenance request will be issued to system operator if any site does not respond to a known earthquake properly in its monitoring region. 