Disclosed is a rotary winged aircraft. More specifically, this invention relates to an aircraft wherein lift is generated by two discs which rotate about a central axis. The discs generate equal and opposite forces such that the central axis remains fixed, thereby allowing it to be used for a crew compartment. In one embodiment, the two discs are concentrically located.
Claims 1. A rotary-winged aircraft, comprising: a rigid cylindrical central axle, having a top end and a bottom end; a first rotating disc, having a top surface, a bottom surface, an inner circumference, an inner diameter; a second rotating disc, having a top surface, a bottom surface, an outer circumference, an outer diameter, wherein the outer diameter of the second rotating disc is smaller than the inner diameter of the first rotating disc, and a centrally-located aperture with the central axle being rotatably positioned within the aperture; an upper bearing collar rotatably connected around the central axle above the first rotating disc; a first plurality of mounting arms each having a proximal end and a terminal end, the proximal ends of the first plurality of mounting arms secured to the upper bearing collar, the terminal ends of the first plurality of mounting arms affixed to the top surface of the first rotating disc; a lower bearing collar rotatably connected around the central axle below the second rotating disc; a second plurality of mounting arms each having a proximal end and a terminal end, the proximal ends of the second plurality of mounting arms secured to the lower bearing collar, the terminal ends of the second plurality of mounting arms affixed to the bottom surface of the second rotating disc and functioning to attach the second rotating disc concentrically within the first rotating disc; a first plurality of electro magnets affixed to the inner circumference of the first rotating disc at spaced intervals; a second plurality of electro magnets, affixed to the outer circumference of the second rotating disc at spaced intervals, wherein the polarity of the first plurality and second plurality of electro magnets is the same, such that the first plurality of electro magnets and the second plurality of electro magnets will repel one another, functioning to provide contra-rotation of the first and second discs; circuitry to coordinate alternate rapid energizing of the first plurality and second plurality of electro magnets as the rotating discs contra-rotate, functioning to change the respective rates of rotation of the first rotating disc and the second rotating disc, whereby the discs apply equal and counteracting torques upon the central axis such that the central axis remains stationary; a first compartment located in the top end of the central axle; a plurality of parachutes stored in and deployable from the first compartment; a second compartment located in the bottom end of the central axle; a plurality of landing gear stored in and deployable from the second compartment, such that the plurality of landing gear function to absorb the shocks created by landings; a gondola attached at the lower extent of the central axle; two wedge-shaped deflectors, rotatably attached around the central axle, functioning to change direction of the aircraft when in flight by altering the flow of air coming from the contra-rotating first and second discs; a plurality of solar panels affixed to the top surface of the second rotating disc; a plurality of solar cells stored inside the second rotating disc; and circuitry connecting the plurality of solar cells with the plurality of solar panels, whereby the solar cells power the electromagnets. 2. An aircraft, comprising: a central axle, comprising a top end and a bottom end; a first rotating disc; an first bearing collar interconnected to the first rotating disc by a plurality of mounting arms, the first rotating disc rotatably connected around the central axle; a second rotating disc, having a centrally-located aperture with the central axle positioned within the aperture; and a second bearing collar interconnected to the second rotating disc by a plurality of mounting arms and rotatably connected around the central axle; the first and second rotating discs being concentrically oriented relative to one another and whereby lift for the aircraft is generated by the first and second discs rotating in opposite directions; the mounting arms of the first rotating disc being hydraulically powered and movable so as to selectively pivot the first rotating disc about the central axle to provide directional control to the aircraft. 3. The aircraft of claim 2, further comprising: a first plurality of electro magnets affixed to the first rotating disc at spaced intervals; a second plurality of electro magnets, affixed to the second rotating disc at spaced intervals and in facing relation to the first plurality of electro magnets; and circuitry to coordinate alternate rapid energizing of the first plurality and second plurality of electro magnets to thereby cause the counter rotation of the first and second discs. 4. The aircraft of claim 2, further comprising: a compartment located in the top end of the central axle; and a plurality of parachutes stored in and deployable from the compartment. 5. The aircraft of claim 2, further comprising: a compartment located in the bottom end of the central axle; and a plurality of landing gear stored in and deployable from the compartment. 6. The aircraft of claim 2, further comprising: a gondola attached to the central axle. 7. The aircraft of claim 2, further comprising: a selectively retractable deflector positioned on the first rotating disc. 8. The aircraft of claim 2, further comprising: a plurality of solar panels affixed to the first rotating disc and the second rotating disc; a plurality of solar cells; and circuitry connecting the plurality of solar cells with the plurality of solar panels. 9. (canceled) 10. The aircraft of claim 2, further comprising: two wedge-shaped deflectors, rotatably attached around the central axle. 11. The aircraft of claim 2, further comprising: a plurality of aerodynamic slots integrated into the first and second rotating discs. 12. The aircraft of claim 2, further wherein: the first and second discs rotate against one another and apply counteracting torques upon the central axle. 