A treatment station for a water drainage conduit has a chamber with an inlet and outlet in fluid communication with upstream and downstream sections of the conduit and a sediment collection portion. Water enters the chamber via the inlet, collecting in the sediment collection portion until it reaches a level in the chamber such that it flows out of the outlet. A filter is mountable above the sediment collection portion for the upwards-flowing filtration of water passing through the chamber to remove organic contaminants. Access means are provided for removal and replacement of the filter and removal of solid material deposited in the sediment collection portion. The treatment station may also have by pass means which operate where the flow of water exceeds a rate which can flow through the filter and preliminary sediment collection chamber for collecting large quantities of sediment. Uses of the treatment station are also described.
Claims 1-28. (canceled) 29. A treatment station for a water drainage conduit comprising; a chamber having inlet and outlet means in fluid communication with upstream and downstream sections of said conduit and a sediment collection portion, said inlet and outlet means and sediment collection portion being formed and arranged so that, in use, water enters the chamber via the inlet means collecting in the sediment collection portion until it reaches a level in the chamber such that it flows out of said outlet means; wherein said chamber is provided with a filter means mount for releasably mounting, in use of the treatment station, a filter means above the sediment collection portion for the upwards flowing filtration of water passing through the chamber to remove organic contaminants; and said treatment station is further provided with access means for removal and replacement of said filter means and the removal of solid material deposited in said sediment collection portion; said treatment station further comprising a preliminary sediment collection chamber, upstream of the chamber with the sediment collection portion and filter means mount. 30. A treatment station according to claim 29 wherein the preliminary sediment collection chamber is substantially larger than the chamber with the sediment collection portion and filter means mount. 31. A treatment station according to claim 29 wherein the preliminary sediment collection chamber comprises an inlet in fluid communication with the upstream section of the drainage conduit, an outlet in fluid communication with the inlet of the chamber with the sediment collection portion and access means for maintenance and the removal of accumulated sediment. 32. A treatment station according to claim 29 wherein the preliminary sediment collection chamber further comprises a collection basket, formed and arranged so as to, in use of the treatment station, collect debris entering said sediment collection chamber via the inlet. 33. A treatment station according to claim 29 wherein the preliminary sediment collection chamber further comprises a filter means formed and arranged so as to, in use of the treatment station, prevent solids leaving via the outlet. 34. A treatment station according to claim 33 wherein the filter means for the outlet of the preliminary sediment collection chamber comprises a slotted pipe, in fluid communication with the outlet. 35. A treatment station according to claim 34 wherein the slotted pipe is coated in a water permeable filter membrane. 36. A treatment station according to claim 35 wherein the water permeable filter membrane is a geotextile membrane 37. A treatment station according to claim 29 for the collection of sediments and the upwards flowing filtration of water to remove organic contaminants. 38. A treatment station according to claim 37 wherein biological or chemical treatments are carried out in situ on the sediments collected. 39. A treatment station according to claim 37 wherein at least one sequestering agent is added to the preliminary sediment collection chamber and/or the sediment collection portion. 40. A treatment station according to claim 38 wherein the contents of the preliminary sediment collection chamber are mixed or aerated. 41. A treatment station for a water drainage conduit comprising; a chamber having inlet and outlet means in fluid communication with upstream and downstream sections of said conduit and a sediment collection portion, said inlet and outlet means and sediment collection portion being formed and arranged so that, in use, water enters the chamber via the inlet means collecting in the sediment collection portion until it reaches a level in the chamber such that it flows out of said outlet means; wherein said chamber is provided with a filter means mount for releasably mounting, in use of the treatment station, a filter means above the sediment collection portion for the upwards flowing filtration of water passing through the chamber to remove organic contaminants; and said treatment station is further provided with access means for removal and replacement of said filter means and the removal of solid material deposited in said sediment collection portion. 42. A treatment station according to claim 41 wherein the filter means mount comprises a lug or lugs on the wall of said chamber to which a said filter means is attached, in use, by releasable fasteners. 43. A treatment station according to claim 41 wherein the filter means mount comprises bayonet couplings for releasable inter engagement with suitable formations on a filter cartridge. 44. A treatment station according to claim 41 wherein the filter means mount comprises a housing, box or cage like structure, formed and arranged to permit water flow therethrough and to hold, in use, filter media or a filter element. 45. A treatment station according to claim 41 wherein the access means for removal and replacement of said filter means is a removable and/or hinged grille or cover provided in the top of the chamber. 46. A treatment station according to claim 41 wherein the filter means mount holds, in use, a filter means which covers the whole cross-sectional area of the chamber above the sediment collection portion, which is a bottom portion of the said chamber and the inlet means comprises a pipe entering the chamber at a point below the filter means mount and the filter means. 47. A treatment station according to claim 41 which further comprises by-pass means for the flow of water through the conduit without passing through a filter means mounted on the filter means mount, said by-pass means being formed and arranged to operate where the flow of water exceeds a rate which can flow through said filter means in use thereof. 48. A treatment station according to claim 47 wherein the bypass means comprises a pipe loop connecting the inlet pipe directly to the conduit, after the treatment station, formed and arranged to take water flow when flow in the inlet pipe is excessive and/or the filter means is blocked. 49. A treatment station according to claim 48 wherein the pipe loop includes a weir or a slight rise contrary to the general fall direction of the conduit. 50. A treatment station according to claim 48 wherein the inlet means to the chamber of the treatment station is a pipe of a diameter such that in storm conditions the inlet pipe is filled with water and the bulk of the flow is round the by-pass pipe loop. 51. A treatment station according to claim 41 further comprising at least one sensor to monitor water flow and/or condition. 52. A treatment station according to claim 51 wherein said at least one sensor is formed and arranged to monitor, in use, for the presence of pollutants in the water flow and to trigger an alarm condition when an excess of pollutant is detected. 53. A treatment station according to claim 51 wherein the treatment station further comprises wireless communication means formed and arranged for relaying the output from said at least one sensor to a monitoring station. 54. A treatment station according to claim 51 further comprising a solar panel for the supply of power to said sensor and/or communication means. 55. A treatment station according to claim 51 further comprising a shut off valve, operable in response to a signal from a said at least one sensor and formed and arranged to stop flow in the drainage conduit downstream of the treatment station. 56. A treatment station according to claim 55 wherein the shut off valve comprises an inflatable bladder. 57. A treatment station according to claim 41 for the collection of sediments and the upwards flowing filtration of water to remove organic contaminants. 58. A treatment station according to claim 57 wherein biological or chemical treatments are carried out in situ on the sediments collected. 59. A treatment station according to claim 57 wherein at least one sequestering agent is added to the sediment collection portion. 