The present invention relates to the creation of a data processing and transferring in a multi computer environment for reporting, monitoring, and predicting the supply, demand, and generation of alternative energy on a global scale. The system is configured to collect past and present alternative energy generation and distribution data from a variety of distributed sources. Example of such distributed data producing sources may include any of various power installations and systems, power sources, and billing systems. The data collected from these sources is stored and contemplated in a central database unit. Based on the data contemplated in the central database unit, the system, further, makes predictions of present and future generations, supply, and demand of alternative energy at local, regional, national, and global scales. Using these predictions, the system recommends changes in the existing energy generation resources, and/or proposes deployment of new energy generation resources.
Claims 1. A computer implemented method for data processing and transferring in an energy distribution environment, comprising the computer implemented steps of: collecting data from a plurality of distributed sources, the data including power generation information across various locations, and energy distribution flow information; and based on collected data, predicting present and future generation, supply, and demand of energy on a global scale. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of reporting predicted and generated distribution at local, regional, national, and global scales. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein reporting is via a reporting program application and General User Interface in the form of any of a graphic model, text model, or video model. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein differing versions of the General User Interface are made available depending on granted system access. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the plurality of distributed sources includes any of various power installations and systems, power sources, and billing systems. 6. The method of claim 1, further including the step of collecting data in a central database system. 7. The method of claim 6, further including the step of contemplating the collected data in the central database system; the collected data including any of: power created by various power installations and systems, distribution flows, power sources, system efficiency, component efficiency, video monitoring, maintenance cycles, billing data, archival data and comparison data, real time data, real time analysis, and other parameters. 8. The method of claim 7, further comprising the step of transmitting data to the central database unit using any of an online or a wireless transmitter. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of predicting is based on any of: installed system in the field, customer base, customer demand, historical demand, demand volatility, projected demand based upon historical demand, daily conditions based upon past demand extrapolated to present demand, weather conditions, geopolitical conditions, efficiency of new and aging systems, predictors on new system impact and old system closures, grid distribution, power generation created by smaller utilities and private individuals, increases in certain kinds of power generation and decreases in certain kinds of power generation, relative pricing, incentives, disaster forecasting, population growth, immigration and emigration forecasting, and present resources. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of predicting includes predicting present and future generation, supply, and demand of energy for durations of any of seconds, minutes, days, weeks, months, years, decades, or centuries. 11. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of monitoring alternative energy distribution on a global scale through various data collection means. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein data collection means include any of sensors, relays, micro sensors, thermostatic gauges, electric gauges, electric meters, or anemometers. 13. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of monitoring alternative energy distribution in any of direct power sources, indirect power sources, grid interconnection points, or non-connected grid points. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein monitoring is done on any of mobile gathering solutions or fixed installations. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein mobile gathering solutions may include vehicle installations and their portable batteries. 16. The method of claim 14, wherein fixed installations may include any of wind turbines, solar farms power generation plants, individual solar panels or sheets, geothermal installations, human powered or mechanical energy driven generation such as cranks and hybrid combinations of the above. 17. A method for modeling and recommending deployment of energy distribution on a global scale, comprising the computer implemented steps of: modeling current real-time alternative energy power generation conditions; based on modeled conditions, predicting future alternative energy power generation conditions; as a function of predicted future conditions, generating recommendations as to changes in existing energy generation resources; and outputting proposals for deployment of new energy generation resources. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein current real-time energy power generation conditions include alternative energy power generation, monitoring, capacity, functionality, forecasting, billing, maintenance impact, management effects on the grid, power created by various power installations and systems, distribution flows, power sources, system efficiency, component efficiency, video monitoring, maintenance cycles, billing data, archival data and comparison data, real time data, real time analysis, installed system in the field, customer base, customer demand, historical demand, demand volatility, projected demand based upon historical demand, daily conditions based upon past demand extrapolated to present demand, weather conditions, geopolitical conditions, efficiency of new and aging systems, predictors on new system impact and old system closures, grid distribution, power generation created by smaller utilities and private individuals, increases in certain kinds of power generation and decreases in certain kinds of power generation, relative pricing, incentives, disaster forecasting, population growth, immigration and emigration forecasting, and present resources. 19. The method of claim 17, wherein future energy power generation conditions include any of future energy supply, future energy demand, future energy generation, future equipment needs, future energy gathering, future distribution needs, future ability of sunshine, future availability of wind, future maintenance, future repair, future degradation of the system, future capacity, future functionality, future billing, and future management effects. 20. A computer apparatus for data processing and transferring in an energy distribution environment, the apparatus comprising the means for: collecting data from a plurality of distributed sources, the data including power generation information across various locations, and energy distribution flow information; and predicting present and future generation, supply, and demand of energy on a global scale based on the collected data. 21. The apparatus of claim 20, further comprising means for reporting predicted and generated distribution at local, regional, national, and global scales. 22. The apparatus of claim 20, further comprising means for collecting data in a central database system. 23. The apparatus of claim 20, further comprising means for contemplating the collected data in central database system, the collected data including any of: power created by various power installations and systems, distribution flows, power sources, system efficiency, component efficiency, video monitoring, maintenance cycles, billing data, archival data and comparison data, real time data, real time analysis, and other parameters. 24. The apparatus of claim 20, further comprising means for transmitting data to a central database unit using any of an online or a wireless transmitter. 25. A computer apparatus for modeling and recommending deployment of alternative energy distribution on a global scale, the apparatus comprising the means for modeling current real-time alternative energy power generation conditions; predicting future alternative energy power generation conditions based on modeled conditions; generating recommendations as to changes in existing energy generation resources as a function of predicted future conditions; and outputting proposals for deployment of new energy generation resources. 