A photovoltaic (PV) inverter system operates continuously in a buck converter mode to generate a sum of full wave rectified sine wave currents at a current node common to a plurality of buck converters in response to a plurality of full wave rectified sine wave currents generated via the plurality of buck converters. The PV inverter system increases the level of the voltage sourcing each buck converter when a corresponding DC power source voltage is lower than the instantaneous voltage of a utility grid connected to the PV inverter system.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic (PV) inverter comprising: a bucking converter configured to generate a full wave rectified sine wave current at a current summing node common to a plurality of bucking converters in response to an available PV array power and a utility grid instantaneous voltage; a boosting circuit configured to increase the level of the voltage sourcing the bucking converter when the PV array output voltage is lower than the instantaneous voltage of the utility grid; and a current unfolding circuit comprising switching devices configured to switch synchronously with the utility grid so as to construct an AC current in response to the full wave rectified sine wave current. 2. The PV inverter according to claim 1, wherein the bucking converter comprises only one switching device, wherein the only one switching device is configured to switch at high frequency. 3. The PV inverter according to claim 1, wherein the boosting circuit comprises only one switching device, wherein the only one switching device is configured to switch at high frequency. 4. The PV inverter according to claim 1, wherein the bucking converter is configured to remain operational at all times and the boosting circuit is configured to become operational only when the utility grid instantaneous voltage becomes greater than the PV array output voltage. 5. The PV inverter according to claim 1, wherein the bucking converter and boosting circuit are configured together to adjust a buck circuit switching frequency and a boosting circuit switching frequency in response to desired operational characteristics to achieve a PV inverter efficiency greater than that achievable using fixed switching frequency PV inverter techniques. 6. The PV inverter according to claim 6, wherein the desired operational characteristics are selected from PV array voltage levels, PV inverter ambient operating temperatures, PV inverter switching device temperatures, and grid voltage levels. 7. The PV inverter according to claim 1, further comprising a boosting circuit switch and a bucking circuit switch, wherein the boosting circuit switch is configured to have a delayed turn-on during desired operating conditions, and further wherein the boosting circuit switch turn off is delayed with respect to the bucking circuit switch turn-off such that only one switch carries substantially all losses while the other switch carries substantially no losses. 8. A photovoltaic (PV) inverter system comprising: a plurality of bucking circuits, each bucking circuit associated with a corresponding DC power source; and a single full bridge current unfolding circuit, wherein each bucking circuit is configured to continuously operate in a buck mode to generate a corresponding full wave rectified sine wave current, and further wherein the plurality of bucking circuits are configured together to generate a resultant full wave rectified sine wave at a single common current node by summing the plurality of full wave rectified sine wave currents generated by the plurality of bucking circuits, and further wherein the single full bridge current unfolding circuit generates a desired utility grid AC current in response to the resultant full wave rectified sine wave current. 9. The PV inverter system according to claim 8, wherein each bucking circuit is configured to generate a full wave rectified sine wave current via a respective bucking circuit wave shaping inductor in response to available power from its corresponding DC power source and the utility grid instantaneous voltage. 10. The PV inverter system according to claim 9, wherein each DC power source is associated with a corresponding boosting circuit configured to increase the level of the voltage sourcing the bucking circuit via a boosting circuit inductor when the corresponding DC power source output voltage is lower than the instantaneous voltage of the utility grid. 11. The PV inverter system according to claim 10, wherein each boosting circuit comprises only one boosting circuit switch and each bucking circuit comprises only one bucking circuit switch, wherein the boosting circuit switch is configured to have a delayed turn-on during desired operating conditions, and further wherein the boosting circuit switch turn off is delayed with respect to the bucking circuit switch turn-off such that only one switch carries substantially all losses while the other switch carries substantially no losses. 12. The PV inverter system according to claim 8, wherein each bucking circuit comprises only one switching device, wherein the only one switching device is a high frequency switching device and the unfolding circuit comprises only utility grid low frequency switching devices. 13. A photovoltaic (PV) inverter system configured to continuously operate in a buck converter mode to generate a sum of full wave rectified sine wave currents at a current node common to a plurality of buck converters in response to a plurality of full wave rectified sine wave currents generated via the plurality of buck converters, and further configured to increase the level of the voltage sourcing each buck converter, via a corresponding boost converter, when a corresponding DC power source voltage is lower than the instantaneous voltage of a utility grid connected to the PV inverter system. 14. The PV inverter system according to claim 13 further comprising a full bridge unfolding circuit configured to generate a utility grid current in response to the sum of full wave rectified sine wave currents. 15. The PV inverter system according to claim 14, wherein the full bridge unfolding circuit comprises a plurality of switching devices, and further wherein all full bridge unfolding circuit switching devices switch only at twice the utility grid low frequency. 16. The PV inverter system according to claim 15, wherein each full bridge unfolding circuit switching device is configured to operate at near zero current and voltage levels during its switching period. 17. The PV inverter system according to claim 13, wherein each buck converter comprises only one switching device, and further wherein the only one switching device is a high frequency switching device. 18. The PV inverter system according to claim 13, wherein the increased level of voltage sourcing each buck converter is generated via a corresponding boosting circuit, each boosting circuit comprising only one switching device, wherein the only one boosting circuit switching device is a high frequency switching device. 19. The PV inverter system according to claim 18, wherein each buck converter and its corresponding boosting circuit are configured together to adaptively adjust the buck converter switching frequency and its corresponding boosting circuit switching frequency in response to desired operational characteristics to achieve a PV inverter system efficiency greater than that achievable using fixed switching frequency PV inverter techniques. 20. The PV inverter system according to claim 19, wherein the desired operational characteristics are selected from PV array voltage levels, PV inverter ambient operating temperatures, PV inverter switching device temperatures, and grid power levels. 21. The PV inverter system according to claim 18, wherein each boosting circuit comprises only one boosting circuit switch and each buck converter comprises only one buck converter switch, wherein each boosting circuit switch is configured to have a delayed turn-on time during desired operating conditions, and further wherein each only one boosting circuit switch and its corresponding only one buck converter switch are configured to turn-off simultaneously such that only one of the buck converter or corresponding boosting circuit switches carries substantially all switching losses while the other buck converter or corresponding boosting circuit switch carries substantially no switching losses. 22. The PV inverter system according to claim 13, further configured to reduce at least one buck converter waveshaping inductor size without compromising the output ripple current requirements of the PV inverter system. 23. The PV inverter system according to claim 22, further configured to substantially cancel a ripple current corresponding to at least one buck converter waveshaping inductor. 24. The PV inverter system according to claim 13, further configured via a soft switching technique to allow slower devices having lower conduction losses to be selected for use in at least one buck converter. 25. A photovoltaic (PV) inverter system comprising: a plurality of soft switching bucking circuits, each soft switching bucking circuit associated with a corresponding DC power source and configured to substantially cancel a ripple current associated with a corresponding waveshaping inductor; a boost converter corresponding to each soft switching bucking circuit, each boost converter configured such that it is not continuously boosting over the entire PV inverter switching cycle thereby minimizing the impact on PV inverter system efficiency for having to boost the corresponding DC power source voltage; and a single full bridge current unfolding circuit configured to operate at near zero current and voltage levels during its switching period, wherein each soft switching bucking circuit is configured to continuously operate in a buck mode to generate a corresponding full wave rectified sine wave current, and further wherein the plurality of soft switching bucking circuits are configured together to generate a resultant full wave rectified sine wave at a single common current node by summing the plurality of full wave rectified sine wave currents generated by the plurality of soft switching bucking circuits, and further wherein the single full bridge current unfolding circuit generates a desired utility grid AC current. 