An automatic apparatus for leveling suspended articles or hung objects to an angle relative to a reference. The shift lever assembly (112), used as a gravity reference, is activated when the pendulum member swings horizontally in response to slightest inclination or tilt, thereby causing the conductor pin (114.14) to contact one side of a pair of conductor plates (114.24b) or (114.24b). The contacting of the conductor pin to one side of the pair of conductor plates (114.24b) or (114.24b) completes the electrical circuit and allows the electrical storage device (118) to provide electrical current to the planetary motor (116), causing it to rotate. The turning of the planetary motor (116) causes the shift lever assembly (112) to automatically shift the elongated lever arm (112.10) against the rigid axle (122.22), thereby shifting the center of balance of the object in the opposite direction of the rotation of the wheel-like driven gear (112.20). Leveling occurs when the elongated lever arm (112.10) returns to its original vertical orientation, the conductor pin (114.14) is no longer in contact with either side of the pair of conductor plates (114.24a) or (114.24b), and the motor stops turning.
Claims 1. An automatic apparatus for leveling objects suspended from a mounting point, on an even or uneven plane, to an angle relative to any reference comprising: (a) a receptacle base structure providing a means for attachment to an object to be leveled; (b) a shift lever assembly operably connected to the receptacle base structure and configured to determine the center of gravity of the entire leveling apparatus; (c) a means to convert electrical energy to rotational motion that is mechanically connected to the shift lever assembly; (d) a pendulum actuated switch that is electrically connected to the means to convert electrical energy to rotational motion; and (e) an electrical storage device completing the electrical circuit which includes the pendulum switch and the means to convert electrical energy to rotational motion. 2. The automatic leveling apparatus in claim 1, further comprising a photovoltaic cell or array as a means to extend the electrical storage capacity. 3. The automatic leveling apparatus in claim 1 wherein said shift lever assembly comprising: (a) a first lever having an elongated lever arm with three bores formed in a vertical manner along a pivot axis thereof with its middle bore located in between the upper and lower bore serving as the pivot point of the elongated lever arm and enables the reception of a support post fixedly attached to the receptacle base structure; and (b) a second lever having a wheel-like driven gear with a rigid axle fixedly attached to it pivotally mounted on the center of gravity of the suspended or hung article, a worm-like driving gear which interlocks with said wheel-like driven gear, and a planetary motor which has an output shaft to receive and maneuver the wheel-like driven gear in single forward direction. 4. The automatic leveling apparatus in claim 1, wherein said pendulum actuated switch comprising: (a) a pendulum member with a weight positioned near the bottom part thereof and a conductor pin with protruding ends integrally attached at its end; and (b) a solid rectangular shaped pedestal member situated underneath said pendulum member with an open slot in its upper center surface and a pair of conductor plates mounted on either side of the inner notch formed by the aforementioned open slot, which communicate with the planetary motor through the connecting electrical wires. 5. A method of leveling articles suspended from a mounting point, on an even or uneven plane, comprising: (a) providing a pendulum actuated switch that activates in response to minimal inclination or tilt of its pendulum member, that when hanging solely under the influence of gravity, its position shifts horizontally and the conductor pin attached to its lowest edge contacts the conductor plates on either side, (b) contacting of the conductor pin on the conductor plates completes the circuit and allows electrical current to flow and activate the planetary motor, (c) activating the planetary motor causes the worm-like driving gear which interlocks with the wheel-like driven gear of the shift lever assembly to rotate in a single forward direction, (d) rotating of the interlocking worm-like driving gear and wheel-like driven gear of the shift lever assembly produces a single rotational force which shifts the elongated lever arm toward the pivot axle. (e) leveling occurs when the elongated lever arm of the pendulum actuated switch, solely under the influence of gravity, returns to its original vertical orientation and the conductor pin is no longer in contact with either side of the pair of conductor plates, opening the electrical circuit and stopping the motor from rotating. 