A litroenergy power cell assembly includes a photovoltaic cell sheet member for producing electrical energy from light energy impinging there upon. A litrocell sheet member is positioned adjacent the photovoltaic cell sheet member. The litrocell sheet member includes a light-transparent matrix having dispersed therein a plurality of light-emitting phosphor particles in association with a tritium containing substance. The tritium containing substance excites the phosphor particles. Light emitted by the phosphor particles traverses the light-transparent matrix of the litrocell sheet member, and impinges upon the photovoltaic cell sheet member to produce electrical energy therefrom.
Claims 1. A litroenergy power cell assembly comprising: a photovoltaic cell sheet member for producing electrical energy from light energy impinging there upon; and a litrocell sheet member positioned adjacent the photovoltaic cell sheet member, the litrocell sheet member including a light-transparent matrix having dispersed therein a plurality of light-emitting phosphor particles in association with a tritium containing substance, the tritium containing substance exciting the phosphor particles; whereby light emitted by the phosphor particles traverses the light-transparent matrix of the litrocell sheet member, and impinges upon the photovoltaic cell sheet member to produce electrical energy therefrom. 2. The litroenergy power cell assembly of claim 1, wherein the tritium containing substance includes tritium gas contained within light-transparent microspheres containing phosphor particles the microspheres dispersed within the light-transparent matrix. 3. The litroenergy power cell assembly of claim 2, wherein the tritium gas confined within the microsphere is at a pressure greater than atmospheric pressure. 4. The litroenergy power cell assembly of claim 2, wherein the light-transparent microsphere is selected from the group consisting of glass and polymeric resin. 5. The litroenergy power cell assembly of claim 1, wherein the tritium containing substance is selected from the group consisting of a liquid tritium compound and a solid tritium compound, the tritium compound and phosphor particles dispersed within the light-transparent matrix. 6. The litroenergy power cell assembly of claim 1, wherein the light-transparent matrix of the litrocell sheet member is selected from the group consisting of glass, ceramic and polymeric resin. 7. The litroenergy power cell assembly of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic cell sheet member and the litrocell sheet member are of equal dimensions and positioned in register. 8. A litroenergy power cell assembly comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic cell sheet members aligned in register and having a selected separation between adjacent sheet members, the photovoltaic cell sheet members producing electrical energy from light energy impinging there upon; and a plurality of litrocell sheet members, each litrocell sheet member positioned between adjacent the photovoltaic cell sheet members, each litrocell sheet member including a light-transparent matrix having dispersed therein a plurality of light-emitting phosphor particles in association with a tritium containing substance, the tritium containing substance exciting the phosphor particles; whereby light emitted by the phosphor particles traverses the light-transparent matrix of the litrocell sheet member, and impinges upon the photovoltaic cell sheet member to produce electrical energy therefrom. 9. The litroenergy power cell assembly of claim 8, wherein the tritium containing substance includes tritium gas contained within light-transparent microspheres containing phosphor particles the microspheres dispersed within the light-transparent matrix. 10. The litroenergy power cell assembly of claim 9, wherein the tritium gas confined within the microsphere is at a pressure greater than atmospheric pressure. 11. The litroenergy power cell assembly of claim 9, wherein the light-transparent microsphere is selected from the group consisting of glass and polymeric resin. 12. The litroenergy power cell assembly of claim 8, wherein the tritium containing substance is selected from the group consisting of a liquid tritium compound and a solid tritium compound, the tritium compound and phosphor particles dispersed within the light-transparent matrix. 13. The litroenergy power cell assembly of claim 8, wherein the light-transparent matrix of the litrocell sheet member is selected from the group consisting of glass, ceramic and polymeric resin. 14. The litroenergy power cell assembly of claim 8, further including a charging control unit in electrical connection with the plurality of photovoltaic cell sheet members, the charging control unit providing controlled output of the litroenergy power cell assembly. 15. The litroenergy power cell assembly of claim 14, further including a battery unit receiving electrical current from the charging control unit, the battery unit providing direct current power therefrom. 16. The litroenergy power cell assembly of claim 15, further including an inverter unit receiving direct current power from the battery unit, the inverter unit providing alternating current power therefrom. 17. A litroenergy power cell assembly comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic cell sheet members aligned in register and having a selected separation between adjacent sheet members, the photovoltaic cell sheet members producing electrical energy from light energy impinging there upon; a plurality of litrocell sheet members, each litrocell sheet member positioned between adjacent the photovoltaic cell sheet members, each litrocell sheet member including a light-transparent matrix having dispersed therein a plurality of light-emitting phosphor particles in association with a tritium containing substance, the tritium containing substance exciting the phosphor particles; a charging control unit in electrical connection with the plurality of photovoltaic cell sheet members, the charging control unit providing controlled output of the litroenergy power cell assembly; a battery unit receiving electrical current from the charge control member, the battery unit providing direct current power therefrom; and an inverter unit receiving direct current power from the battery unit, the inverter unit providing alternating current power therefrom; whereby light emitted by the phosphor particles traverses the light-transparent matrix of the litrocell sheet member, and impinges upon the photovoltaic cell sheet member to produce electrical energy therefrom. 18. The litroenergy power cell assembly of claim 17, wherein the tritium containing substance includes tritium gas contained within light-transparent glass microspheres containing phosphor particles, the microspheres dispersed within the light-transparent matrix. 19. The litroenergy power cell assembly of claim 17, wherein the tritium containing substance is selected from the group consisting of a liquid tritium compound and a solid tritium compound, the tritium compound and phosphor particles dispersed within the light-transparent matrix. 20. The litroenergy power cell assembly of claim 17, further including a housing unit enclosing the plurality of sheet members, the charge control unit, the battery unit and the inverter unit, with a first electrical socket mounted on the housing unit and in electrical connection with the battery unit for providing direct current therefrom, and a second electrical socket mounted on the housing unit and in electrical connection with the inverter unit for providing alternating current therefrom. 