A cam-actuated connection device joins rail mounting members of a photovoltaic panel array. The connection device slides within channels of mounting members until the members are in a properly positioned grid. When in position, the connection device is rotated to lock the mounting members in a rigid grid network. The connecting device can be subsequently loosened, repositioned and locked into position. The rail-mounting members create a grid for installation of multiple PV panels. The mounting rail allows the unit to remain relatively compact in nature but still covers a wide range of PV panel thicknesses. The rail system has a hinged connection with the mounting rail that allows an installer to assemble the module in a near perpendicular fashion to the mounting rail, make the required electrical connections and then lower the PV module into its working position. The unit is then locked into its working position.
Claims 1. A connector for mounting a first component at a spaced distance from a second component, the connector comprising: (a) an elongated pin having a first head and a second head spaced from the first head, the first head being wider than at least an adjacent cooperating portion of the pin and the second head being wider than at least an adjacent cooperating portion of the pin; and (b) a first body interposed between the first and second heads having a first surface spaced from the first head to define a first gap therebetween into which the first component can be interposed, the first body having a second surface spaced from the second head to define a second gap therebetween into which the second component can be interposed. 2. The connector in accordance with claim 1, wherein the first body is mounted rotatably. 3. The connector in accordance with claim 2, wherein the first body has first and second opposing ends defining the first and second surfaces, respectively, the elongated pin further comprises a first threaded rod extending from the first end and a second threaded rod extending from the second end, and the first and second heads are threadingly mounted to the first and second rods, respectively. 4. The connector in accordance with claim 3, further comprising a linkage pivotably mounted to the first body and extending therefrom and configured to be mounted to at least one similar connector. 5. The connector in accordance with claim 2, wherein the pin comprises a first pin portion and a second pin portion mounted in an elongated bore formed in the first body, the first and second pin portions having mating faces that permit relative longitudinal sliding of the pin portions in the bore, but prevent relative rotation of the pins, and the first pin portion has a first cam lever that extends transversely from the first pin portion into a first slot on the first body and the second pin portion has a second cam lever that extends transversely from the second pin portion into a second slot on the first body. 6. The connector in accordance with claim 5, further comprising an arm extending transversely from the first body configured to have a force applied thereto in order to rotate the first body relative to the pin portions. 7. The connector in accordance with claim 2, wherein the pin further comprises an elongated rod around which at least two inner bodies are slidably mounted, said at least two inner bodies having a threaded, circular cylindrical, outwardly facing surface threadingly engaging a circular cylindrical inwardly facing surface on the first body, said at least two inner bodies having a central bore through which the elongated rod extends slidably. 8. The connector in accordance with claim 1, wherein the pin further comprises an elongated rod around which the first body is mounted and is longitudinally moveable, and further comprising a second body spaced from the first body to form a central gap, the second body being mounted on the pin to be longitudinally moveable, and a rotatable body mounted on the pin in the central gap. 9. The connector in accordance with claim 8, wherein at least the first body has an angled surface facing toward the rotatable body, and the rotatable body is rotatably mounted on the pin. 10. The connector in accordance with claim 9, wherein the second body has an angled surface facing toward the rotatable body. 11. The connector in accordance with claim 8, wherein the rotatable body has a curved outer surface interfacing with the first and second bodies that has an increasing radius from an axis of rotation of the rotatable body, thereby forming a cam surface. 12. A connector attaching a first attachment structure in a photovoltaic panel mounting foundation at a spaced distance from a second attachment structure in the photovoltaic panel mounting foundation, the connector comprising: (a) an elongated pin having a first head and a second head spaced from the first head, the first head being wider than at least an adjacent cooperating portion of the pin and the second head being wider than at least an adjacent cooperating portion of the pin; and (b) a first body interposed between the first and second heads having a first surface spaced from the first head to define a first gap therebetween into which the first attachment structure is interposed, the first body having a second surface spaced from the second head to define a second gap therebetween into which the second attachment structure is interposed. 13. The connector in accordance with claim 12, wherein the first body is mounted rotatably relative to the heads, the first body has first and second opposing ends defining the first and second surfaces, respectively, the elongated pin further comprises a first threaded rod extending from the first end and a second threaded rod extending from the second end, and the first and second heads are threadingly mounted to the first and second rods, respectively. 14. The connector in accordance with claim 12, wherein the first body is mounted rotatably relative to the heads, the pin comprises a first pin portion and a second pin portion mounted in an elongated bore formed in the first body, the first and second pin portions having mating faces that permit relative longitudinal sliding of the pin portions in the bore, but prevent relative rotation of the pins, and the first pin portion has a first cam lever that extends transversely from the first pin portion into a first slot on the first body and the second pin portion has a second cam lever that extends transversely from the second pin portion into a second slot on the first body. 15. The connector in accordance with claim 12, wherein the first body is mounted rotatably relative to the heads, the pin further comprises an elongated rod around which at least two inner bodies are slidably mounted, said at least two inner bodies having a threaded, circular cylindrical, outwardly facing surface threadingly engaging a circular cylindrical inwardly facing surface on the first body, said at least two inner bodies having a central bore through which the elongated rod extends slidably. 16. An adjustable panel-clamping apparatus, comprising: (a) a base having a first channel defined by a floor and opposing sidewalls, the base having at least one ledge extending therefrom; (b) a clamping member disposed in the first channel and movably mounted to the base, the clamping member having a second channel defined by a floor and opposing first and second sidewalls, at least one of the sidewalls of the clamping member having at least two spaced slots; (c) a cap with a leg inserted in the second channel, the leg having at least one rib inserted into one of said at least two slots of the clamping member, the cap also having at least one leg extending therefrom, said at least one leg spaced from said at least one ledge to form a gap therebetween that is configured to receive a panel edge for clamping the panel edge; and (d) means for applying opposing longitudinal forces to the clamping member and the base to displace the clamping member relative to the base and thereby alter the gap's size. 17. The adjustable panel-clamping apparatus in accordance with claim 16, wherein the clamping member is movably mounted to the base by at least two links pivotably mounted in the first channel to the base floor at spaced positions and pivotably mounted to the clamping member at spaced locations. 18. The adjustable panel-clamping apparatus in accordance with claim 17, wherein said at least one rib comprises ribs on opposing sides of the cap leg, and said at least two slots comprises at least a first pair of opposing slots formed on the clamping member sidewalls and a second pair of opposing slots formed on the clamping member sidewalls spaced from, and substantially parallel to, the first pair of opposing slots. 19. An apparatus for attaching an encasement frame mounted to a planar panel to a stable structure, the apparatus comprising: (a) a first attachment lip extending from a first side of the encasement frame; (b) a second attachment lip extending from an opposing, second side of the encasement frame; (c) a first rail having first and second slots, at least one of which complementarily receives the first attachment lip, the first rail mounted to the stable structure; (d) a second rail having third and fourth slots, at least one of which complementarily receives the second attachment lip, the second rail mounted to the stable structure spaced from the first rail; (e) a first cap mounted to the first rail over the first and second slots; and (f) a second cap mounted to the second rail over the third and fourth slots. 20. The apparatus in accordance with claim 19, wherein the first and second attachment lips are integral with the encasement frame. 21. The apparatus in accordance with claim 19, wherein the first and second attachment lips are removably mounted to the encasement frame. 22. A combination of a connector mounting an adjustable panel-clamping apparatus at a spaced distance from a second component, the combination comprising: (a) an elongated pin having a first head and a second head spaced from the first head, the first head being wider than at least an adjacent cooperating portion of the pin and the second head being wider than at least an adjacent cooperating portion of the pin; and (b) a first body interposed between the first and second heads having a first surface spaced from the first head to define a first gap therebetween into which the adjustable panel-clamping apparatus is interposed, the first body having a second surface spaced from the second head to define a second gap therebetween into which the second component is interposed, the adjustable panel-clamping apparatus comprising: (i) a base having a first channel defined by a floor and opposing sidewalls, the base having at least one ledge extending therefrom; (ii) a clamping member disposed in the first channel and movably mounted to the base, the clamping member having a second channel defined by a floor and opposing first and second sidewalls, at least one of the sidewalls of the clamping member having at least two spaced slots; (iii) a cap with a leg inserted in the second channel, the leg having at least one rib inserted into one of said at least two slots of the clamping member, the cap also having at least one leg extending therefrom, said at least one leg spaced from said at least one ledge to form a gap therebetween that is configured to receive a panel edge for clamping the panel edge; and (iv) means for applying opposing longitudinal forces to the clamping member and the base to displace the clamping member relative to the base and thereby alter the gap's size. 23. A method of mounting a first attachment structure in a photovoltaic panel mounting foundation at a spaced distance from a second attachment structure in the photovoltaic panel mounting foundation, the method comprising: (a) inserting into a groove formed in the first attachment structure a first head of an elongated pin, the first head being wider than at least an adjacent cooperating portion of the pin; (b) inserting into a groove formed in the second attachment structure a second head of the elongated pin that is spaced from the first head and is wider than at least an adjacent cooperating portion of the pin; (c) interposing a first body between the first and second heads, the first body having a first surface spaced from the first head to define a first gap therebetween into which the first attachment structure is interposed, the first body having a second surface spaced from the second head to define a second gap therebetween into which the second attachment structure is interposed; and (d) rotating the first body, thereby displacing the first and second surfaces relative to the first and second heads, respectively. 24. A method of mounting a panel to a stable structure, the method comprising: (a) rigidly mounting a base to the stable structure, the base having a first channel defined by a floor and opposing sidewalls, the base having at least one ledge extending therefrom; (b) movably mounting a clamping member in the first channel to the base, the clamping member having a second channel defined by a floor and opposing first and second sidewalls, at least one of the sidewalls of the clamping member having at least two spaced slots; (c) inserting into the second channel a cap with a leg, the leg having at least one rib inserted into one of said at least two slots of the clamping member, the cap also having at least one leg extending therefrom; (d) spacing said at least one leg from said at least one ledge to form a gap therebetween; (e) inserting a panel edge in the gap; and (e) applying opposing longitudinal forces to the clamping member and the base to displace the clamping member relative to the base, thereby altering the gap's size and clamping the panel's edge. 