System, methods and apparatus for coupling photovoltaic arrays are disclosed. The apparatus may include a first input adapted to couple to a neutral line of a first photovoltaic array; a second input adapted to couple to a neutral line of a second photovoltaic array; a contactor configured to switchably couple the neutral line of a first photovoltaic array to the a neutral line of a second photovoltaic array, the contactor being controllable by an electric control signal; and a control input adapted to couple the switch to a remotely located controller so as to enable the controller to control the first switch by sending the electric control signal.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic energy conversion system comprising: a first photovoltaic array configured to generate a direct current (DC) power, wherein the first photovoltaic array is disposed above ground potential and includes a positive rail and a first neutral line; a second photovoltaic array configured to generate a direct current (DC) power, wherein the second photovoltaic array is disposed below ground potential and includes a negative rail and a second neutral line; a power conversion component remotely coupled to both, the positive rail of the first photovoltaic array and the negative rail of the second photovoltaic array, the power conversion component adapted to convert a voltage between the positive rail of the first photovoltaic array and the negative rail of the second photovoltaic array from one form to another form; and a photovoltaic tie coupled between the first photovoltaic array and the second photovoltaic array, the photovoltaic tie is configured to couple the first neutral line of the first photovoltaic array to the second neutral line of the second photovoltaic array while the first and second photovoltaic arrays are providing power to the power conversion component and to uncouple the first neutral line of the first photovoltaic array from the second neutral line of the second photovoltaic array when the first and second photovoltaic arrays are not providing power to the power conversion component. 2. The system of claim 1, including a control portion located remotely from the photovoltaic tie, the control portion coupled to the photovoltaic tie by a control line and a feedback line. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the control portion is housed within the power conversion component. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the power conversion component is selected from the group of an inverter and a DC to DC power converter. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the voltage between the positive rail of the first photovoltaic array and the negative rail of the second photovoltaic array exceeds 800 volts. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein an open-load voltage between the positive rail and a first neutral line does not exceed 600 volts. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the first photovoltaic array and the second photovoltaic array together form a bipolar array, wherein no more than two conductors between the bipolar array and the power conversion component are rated for more than 5 Amps. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic tie includes a switching component to couple the first neutral line and the second neutral line to ground when the first and second photovoltaic arrays are not providing power to the power conversion component. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the photovoltaic tie and the power conversion component are coupled together so as to enable the first neutral line and the second neutral line are coupled to ground at the power conversion component when the first and second photovoltaic arrays are not providing power to the power conversion component. 10. A method for controlling a photovoltaic array comprising: coupling a neutral line of a first photovoltaic array to a neutral line of a second photovoltaic array so as to place the first photovoltaic array above ground potential and the second photovoltaic array below ground potential; converting, remote from a location of the first and second photovoltaic arrays, power from the first and second arrays from one form to another form; and controlling, at least in part from a location remote from the neutral lines of the first and second arrays, the coupling of the neutral line of the first photovoltaic array to the neutral line of the second photovoltaic array. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein converting includes converting the power from the first and second arrays to AC power. 12. The method of claim 10, wherein converting includes converting the power from the first and second arrays to a higher DC voltage than the voltage of the power from the first and second arrays. 13. The method of claim 10, wherein converting includes converting power applied by no more than one conductor from the first photovoltaic array and one conductor from the second photovoltaic array. 14. An apparatus for coupling photovoltaic arrays comprising: a first input adapted to couple to a neutral line of a first photovoltaic array; a second input adapted to couple to a neutral line of a second photovoltaic array; a contactor configured to switchably couple the neutral line of a first photovoltaic array to the a neutral line of a second photovoltaic array, the contactor being controllable by an electric control signal; and a control input adapted to couple the switch to a remotely located controller so as to enable the controller to control the first switch by sending the electric control signal. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, including: a first output; a second output; and a second switch configured to couple the neutral line of the first photovoltaic array to the first output and the neutral line of the second photovoltaic array to the second output so as to enable the neutral line of the first photovoltaic array and the neutral line of the second photovoltaic array to be grounded when the contactor is not coupling the neutral line of a first photovoltaic array to the a neutral line of a second photovoltaic array. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the contactor and the second switch are both controllable by the electric control signal. 17. The apparatus of claim 15, including a feedback component coupled to the contactor and the second switch, the feedback component enabling the status of the contactor and second switch to be determined. 