A light concentrating module for transforming light into at least one of electrical and thermal energy is provided. The light concentrating module may be coupled in flow communication with a fluid conversion module and include a primary optical element that has a reflective surface with a plurality of contoured sections. Each contoured section is shaped to reflect light that impinges the contoured section toward a corresponding focal region. The module may also have a receiver system that includes a plurality of energy conversion members positioned proximate to corresponding focal regions. The receiver system also has a working fluid passage for carrying a working fluid that absorbs the thermal energy. The working fluid can be conveyed away from the receiver system through a mounting post that holds the receiver system. In addition, the module may also generate electricity.
Claims 1. A light concentrating module to be coupled in flow communication with a fluid conversion module for at least one of storing, using, converting, or disposing of thermal energy, the light concentrating module comprising: a primary optical element having a reflective surface comprising a plurality of contoured sections, each contoured section shaped to reflect light impinging on the contoured section toward a corresponding focal region; and a receiver system joined to the primary optical element and having a plurality of energy conversion members positioned proximate to corresponding focal regions for transforming light into at least one of electrical and thermal energy, the receiver system having a working fluid passage for carrying a working fluid proximate to the energy conversion members to absorb the thermal energy, the working fluid passage having an outlet configured to communicate with a fluid conversion module in order to convey the working fluid between the energy conversion members and the fluid conversion module. 2. The module in accordance with claim 1 wherein the receiver system includes a plurality of secondary optical elements positioned proximate to the energy conversion members, each secondary optical element configured to direct the light toward the energy conversion member. 3. The module in accordance with claim 1 wherein the primary optical element defines a central axis extending upward therethrough, the energy conversion members being held in a clustered arrangement about the central axis of the primary optical element. 4. The module in accordance with claim 1 wherein the primary optical element has a perimeter that is substantially rectangular. 5. The module in accordance with claim 1 further comprising a mounting post having a proximal end that is secured to the primary optical element at a central area where the contoured sections of the primary optical element are located adjacent one another, the post extending from the central area to a distal end located proximate a convergence area where the focal regions converge upon one another, the receiver system being held at the distal end of the post. 6. The module in accordance with claim 1 wherein the receiver system includes at least one set of fins extending into a flow of the working fluid and proximate to a corresponding conversion member, the set of fins facilitating transfer of thermal energy from the corresponding energy conversion member. 7. The module in accordance with claim 1 wherein at least one energy conversion member includes a photovoltaic (PV) cell for transforming light into electrical energy. 8. The module in accordance with claim 1 wherein the module is coupled to a tracking structure. 9. A light concentrating module comprising: a primary optical element having a reflective surface comprising a plurality of contoured sections, each contoured section shaped to reflect light impinging on the contoured section toward a corresponding focal region; a receiver system joined to the primary optical element and having a plurality of energy conversion members positioned proximate to corresponding focal regions for transforming light into at least one of electrical and thermal energy; and a mounting post having a proximal end that is secured to the primary optical element and a distal end that is located proximate the focal regions of the primary optical element, the mounting post having working fluid passages extending between the proximal and distal ends for carrying working fluid to and from the energy conversion members in order to absorb the thermal energy. 10. The module in accordance with claim 9 wherein the receiver system includes a plurality of secondary optical elements positioned proximate to the energy conversion members, each secondary optical element configured to direct the light toward the energy conversion member. 11. The module in accordance with claim 9 wherein the energy conversion members are clustered around a central axis extending from the primary optical element. 12. The module in accordance with claim 9 wherein the primary optical element further comprises a perimeter that is substantially rectangular. 13. The module in accordance with claim 9 wherein the proximal end of the mounting post is secured to the primary optical element at a central area where the contoured sections of the primary optical element are located adjacent one another, the post extending from the central area to the distal end, the receiver system being held at the distal end of the post. 14. The module in accordance with claim 9 wherein the receiver system includes at least one set of fins extending into a flow of the working fluid and proximate to a corresponding conversion member, the set of fins facilitating transfer of thermal energy from the corresponding energy conversion member. 15. The module in accordance with claim 9 wherein at least one energy conversion member includes a photovoltaic (PV) cell for transforming light into electrical energy. 16. The module in accordance with claim 9 wherein the module is mounted onto a tracking structure. 17. A light concentrating module comprising: a primary optical element having a reflective surface comprising a plurality of contoured sections, each contoured section shaped to reflect light impinging on the contoured section toward a corresponding focal region; a receiver system having a plurality of energy conversion members positioned proximate to corresponding focal regions for transforming light into at least one of thermal and electrical energy; and a header comprising a fluid chamber and a body supporting the plurality of energy conversion members at positions distributed about the fluid chamber such that a common reservoir of working fluid flows proximate to the energy conversion members to absorb the thermal energy. 18. The module in accordance with claim 17 wherein the receiver system includes a plurality of secondary optical elements positioned proximate to the energy conversion members, each secondary optical element configured to direct the light toward the energy conversion member. 19. The module in accordance with claim 17 wherein the energy conversion members are clustered around an axis extending from the primary optical element. 20. The module in accordance with claim 17 wherein the primary optical element further comprises a perimeter that is substantially rectangular. 21. The module in accordance with claim 17 further comprising a post extending from the primary optical element toward the focal regions and to a distal end, the receiver system coupled to the distal end. 22. The module in accordance with claim 17 wherein the receiver system includes at least one set of fins extending into a flow of the working fluid and proximate to a corresponding conversion member, the set of fins facilitating transfer of thermal energy from the corresponding energy conversion member. 23. The module in accordance with claim 17 wherein at least one energy conversion member includes a photovoltaic (PV) cell for transforming light into electrical energy. 24. The module in accordance with claim 17 wherein the module is mounted onto a tracking structure. 