Portable alarm apparatus for warning a person is provided which includes a manually portable housing or base unit; a constant power supply supported by the base unit, the constant power supply including an external power supply having an interface connectible to a power source external of the base unit, the constant power supply including an onboard power supply independent of the external power supply whose makeup includes at least one of: photovoltaic, piezoelectric and thermoelectric; a detection circuit supported by the base unit, the detection circuit being connected to the constant power supply, the detection circuit being operable to detect a monitored condition, the detection circuit including at least one of: a smoke detector, a carbon monoxide detector and a fire detector; and an alarm circuit supported by the base unit, the alarm circuit being connected to the constant power supply, the alarm circuit being operable in response to detection of the monitored condition by the detection circuit to produce an alarm signal for warning a person.
Claims 1. A portable alarm apparatus for warning a person, the portable alarm apparatus comprising: a manually portable housing or base unit; a constant power supply supported by the base unit, the constant power supply including an external power supply having an interface connectible to a power source external of the base unit, the constant power supply including an onboard power supply independent of the external power supply, and a detection circuit supported by the base unit, the detection circuit being connected to the constant power supply, the detection circuit being operable to detect a monitored condition; and an alarm circuit supported by the base unit, the alarm circuit being connected to the constant power supply, the alarm circuit being operable in response to detection of the monitored condition by the detection circuit to produce an alarm signal for warning at least one person. 2. The portable alarm apparatus of claim 1 and further comprising: a biometric sensor connected to base unit for monitoring a biometric condition of a person. 3. The portable alarm apparatus of claim 1 and further comprising: a geographic position tracking system supported by the base unit and selectively operable for emitting a position tracking signal, the position tracking signal being usable by a recipient for determining a geographic position of the base unit or its peripherals. 4. The portable alarm apparatus of claim 1 and further comprising: a light supported by the base unit and selectively operable for illuminating a surrounding environment. 5. The portable alarm apparatus of claim 1 and further comprising: a water purification unit supported by the base unit and selectively operable for purifying water received from a water source. 6. The portable alarm apparatus of claim 1 and further comprising: a heating element supported by the base unit and selectively operable for generating heat for body warmth and water processing. 7. The portable alarm apparatus of claim 1 and further comprising: a wireless communications connection supported by the base unit and selectively operable for wireless communication with a remote communications receiver. 8. The portable alarm apparatus of claim 1 and further comprising: a wireless alarm relay system, the wireless alarm relay system being operable in response to detection of a monitored condition by the detection circuit to produce a relayed alarm signal and to communicate the relayed alarm signal to a compatible alarm system or peripherals. 9. The portable alarm apparatus of claim 1 and further comprising: a wired connection suitable for communication with an internet protocol network. 10. The portable alarm apparatus of claim 1 and further comprising: the base unit including a portion penetrable by light, the penetrating light providing solar energy to a portion of the portable alarm system inside the base unit. 11. The portable alarm apparatus of claim 1 and further comprising: wherein the base unit supports the constant power supply, the base unit being adapted to receive at least one module, with each module supporting a respective circuit which is connectable to the constant power supply when the module housing is received by the base unit. 12. The portable alarm apparatus of claim 1 and further comprising: an integrated circuit assembly, the integrated circuit assembly including a portion of at least one of: the detection circuit, the alarm circuit, and the constant power supply, the integrated circuit assembly including multiple layers, the layers including: an outer fire retardant layer adjacent to a light emitting layer, a solar cell layer adjacent to the light emitting layer, a battery cell layer adjacent to the solar cell layer, and an inner integrated circuit layer adjacent to the battery cell layer. 13. The portable alarm apparatus of claim 1 and further comprising: the base unit being waterproof. 14. The portable alarm apparatus of claim 1 and further comprising: a visual display to provide information for a person and to display a photo. 15. The portable alarm apparatus of claim 1 and further comprising: a detection circuit supported by the base unit, the detection circuit includes at least one of: a carbon monoxide, smoke and fire detector. 16. The portable alarm apparatus of claim 1 and further comprising: wherein the smoke detector includes at least one of: a photoelectric detector, an ionic detector and an infrared detector. 17. The portable alarm apparatus of claim 1 and further comprising: wherein the onboard power supply includes at least one of: a battery, photovoltaic, piezoelectric and thermoelectric layers. 18. The portable alarm apparatus of claim 3 and further comprising: the geographic position tracking system including at least one of: a global positioning system (GPS), an emergency position indicating radio beacon (EPIRB), an emergency locator transmitter (ELT) and a personal location beacon (PLB). 19. The portable alarm apparatus of claim 5 and further comprising: the water purification unit including at least one of: a charcoal filter, a reverse osmosis membrane, and an ultraviolet light source. 20. The portable alarm apparatus of claim 7 and further comprising: the wireless communications connection including at least one of: cellular, personal area network, wide area network, radio frequency, radar, and a wireless connection to an internet protocol network. 