An improved apparatus and method are provided, for pumping fluids, such as water and/or hydrocarbons, from a subterranean formation or reservoir, through use of a cranked rod pumping (CRP) apparatus for imparting reciprocating substantially vertical motion to a rod of a sucker-rod pump having a pump stroke. The CRP apparatus includes a motor driven cranked mechanical actuator arrangement. The cranked mechanical actuator arrangement includes a substantially vertically moveable member attached to the rod of the sucker-rod pump for imparting and controlling vertical motion of the rod of the sucker-rod pump. The actuator arrangement may include pneumatic counterbalancing.
Claims 1. A cranked rod pumping (CRP) apparatus, for imparting reciprocating substantially vertical motion to a rod of a sucker-rod pump having a pump stroke, the CRP apparatus comprising: a cranked mechanical actuator arrangement, having a substantially vertically movable member attached to the rod of the sucker-rod pump for imparting and controlling vertical motion of the rod of the sucker-rod pump; and a motor having a rotatable element thereof operatively connected to the substantially vertically movable member of the linear mechanical actuator arrangement in a manner establishing a fixed relationship between the rotational position of the rotatable element of the motor and the vertical movement of the vertically movable member. 2. The CRP apparatus of claim 1, further comprising, a motor drive and controller for operating the motor in a substantially constant input power operational mode. 3. The CRP apparatus of claim 2, wherein, the CRP apparatus includes substantially no electrical power storage elements. 4. The CRP apparatus of claim 2, wherein, the CRP apparatus includes substantially no power storage elements. 5. The CRP apparatus of claim 1, wherein, the CRP apparatus includes a solar energy power source operatively attached for providing some or all of the power for driving the motor. 6. The CRP apparatus of claim 5, wherein, the CRP solar energy power source is the sole source of power for driving the motor, such that the CRP apparatus only pumps when the solar energy power source is producing sufficient power to drive the motor. 7. The CRP apparatus of claim 1, wherein, the cranked mechanical actuator arrangement further comprises, a frame having a base thereof adapted for attachment to the wellhead of a well, and at least two linear guide rails extending vertically upwardly from the base when the base is attached to the wellhead, and the vertically movable member is slidably mounted on the linear guides and constrained by the guides for substantially linear reciprocating vertical movement along the guides. 8. The CRP apparatus of claim 7, wherein, cranked rod mechanical actuator further comprises a pneumatic counterbalance arrangement operatively connected between the frame and the vertically movable member. 9. The CRP apparatus of claim 8, wherein, the pneumatic counterbalance arrangement comprises, at least one pneumatic cylinder operatively connected between the frame and the vertically movable member for storing energy during a portion of the downward stroke of the vertically movable member, and for releasing the stored energy during a portion of a subsequent upward stroke of the vertically movable member. 10. The CRP apparatus of claim 9, wherein, the at least one pneumatic cylinder is disposed between the vertically movable member and the base. 11. The CRP apparatus of claim 7, wherein, the cranked mechanical actuator arrangement further comprises: a crank element operatively coupled at a first attachment point thereof to the rotatable element of the motor for rotation in a fixed drive ratio with the rotatable element of the motor; and an articulating link element having first and second attachment points thereof disposed at a spaced relationship from one another along the articulating link element; the first attachment point of the articulating link element being pivotably joined to the crank element at a second attachment point of the cranked element spaced eccentrically radially outward from the first attachment point of the cranked element; the second attachment point of the articulating link element being pivotably attached to the vertically movable member. 12. The CRP apparatus of claim 11, wherein, the articulating link and crank element are configured to substantially align the articulating link with a line of force exerted by the vertically movable element on the polished rod. 13. The CRP apparatus of claim 12, wherein, the articulating link element is configured to include an offset section thereof. 14. The CRP apparatus of claim 11, wherein, at least one of the cranked element and the articulating link element further comprises an additional attachment point, for changing the stroke of the vertically movable member along the guides, to thereby change the pump stroke. 15. The CRP apparatus of claim 11, wherein, the cranked rod mechanical actuator further comprises a drive arrangement operatively connected between the rotatable element of the motor and the first attachment point of the crank element. 16. The CRP apparatus of claim 15, wherein, at least one of the cranked element and the articulating link element further comprises an additional attachment point, for changing the stroke of the vertically movable member along the guides, to thereby change the pump stroke. 17. The CRP apparatus of claim 15, wherein, the drive apparatus is mounted on the base. 18. A method for extending the operating life of a hydrocarbon well having a walking beam apparatus operatively connected thereto for imparting reciprocating substantially vertical motion to a rod of a sucker-rod pump having a pump stroke disposed in the well, the method comprising: disconnecting the rod from the walking beam apparatus, and operatively connecting the rod to a CRP apparatus. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising, operating the CRP apparatus at a lower production rate than the production rate of the walking beam pump prior to its replacement by the CRP apparatus. 20. The method of claim 18, further comprising, mounting the CRP apparatus directly on a wellhead of the well. 21. The method of claim 18, further comprising, leaving the walking beam apparatus in place adjacent the well. 22. A method for pumping fluid from a source of fluid located in a remote location, comprising, operatively attaching a CRP apparatus to the source of fluid. 23. The method of claim 22, further comprising, attaching the CRP apparatus to a stand-alone source of power. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein, the stand-alone source of power comprises a solar energy power source. 25. The method of claim 22, further comprising, providing the source of fluid at the remote location. 26. The method of claim 25, wherein the source of fluid at the remote location comprises a fluid well, and the method further comprises providing the fluid well. 27. A method for starting a CRP apparatus comprising the steps of: rotating the motor; if the rotational speed slows below a threshold speed, reversing the direction of the motor; and continuing to reverse directions according to the second step until the rotational speed no longer slows below the threshold speed. 