A portable medical system is provided for the purposes of analysis and/or medication, the system having at least one of a medical monitoring device, an analysis device and a medication device. The portable medical system comprises at least one display element comprising at least one organic light-emitting diode display. An optimization device can be provided that comprises a brightness sensor and is configured to optimize the brightness, contrast and/or power consumption of the at least one display element. Furthermore, a monitoring device can be provided which monitors the functionality of the display element. Faults in the display element can be detected in this way, and a corresponding warning can be output to a person using the portable medical system.
Claims 1. A portable medical system configured for purposes of at least one of analysis and medication and having one or more of a medical monitoring device, analysis device and medication device, the system comprising at least one display element comprising at least one organic light-emitting diode display, and further comprising a monitoring device configured for detecting at least one drive current of the at least one organic light-emitting diode display, the monitoring device further having at least one warning device configured for generating a warning for a user when the at least one drive current deviates from at least one predefined setpoint value by more than a predefined amount. 2. The portable medical system of claim 1, wherein the monitoring device comprises a comparison device configured for comparing the at least one drive current to the at least one predefined setpoint value. 3. The portable medical system of claim 1 comprising at least one analysis system configured for detecting at least one analyte in a liquid sample. 4. The portable medical system of claim 3 wherein the analysis system is configured for detecting at least one of blood glucose, cholesterol and coagulation. 5. The portable medical system of claim 3 wherein the analysis system is configured for detecting the analyte by means of at least one reagent. 6. The portable medical system of claim 1 comprising a medication device comprising at least one medication pump. 7. The portable medical system of claim 6 wherein the medication pump comprises an insulin pump. 8. The portable medical system of claim 1 wherein the at least one organic light-emitting diode display comprises at least one matrix display. 9. The portable medical system of claim 8 wherein the matrix display comprises an organic passive-matrix display. 10. The portable medical system of claim 1 wherein the at least one organic light-emitting diode display comprises at least one flexible display element having a transparent flexible substrate. 11. The portable medical system of claim 1 wherein the transparent flexible substrate comprises glass or plastic. 12. The portable medical system of claim 1 further comprising an optimization device comprising at least one brightness sensor configured for detecting the brightness of the ambient light, and further comprising an adjustment device configured for automatic adjustment of at least one parameter of the at least one display element, the at least one parameter being selected from the group consisting of: brightness, contrast, and power consumption. 13. The portable medical system of claim 12 further comprising at least one solar cell configured for at least partially supplying the portable medical system with electrical energy. 14. The portable medical system of claim 13 wherein the at least one solar cell and the at least one brightness sensor each comprise structural parts that are at least partially identical to each other. 15. The portable medical system of claim 13 wherein the portable medical system is configured to adjust at least one of brightness and contrast of the at least one display element as a function of an electrical current generated from the electrical energy provided by the at least one solar cell. 15. The portable medical system of claim 1 further comprising at least one solar cell configured for at least partially supplying the portable medical system with electrical energy. 16. The portable medical system of claim 15 wherein the solar cell comprises one of an inorganic solar cell with at least one inorganic semiconductor material and an organic solar cell with at least one organic semiconductor material. 17. A portable medical system configured for purposes of at least one of analysis and medication and having one or more of a medical monitoring device, analysis device and medication device, the system comprising at least one display element comprising at least one organic light-emitting diode display, and further comprising an optimization device comprising at least one brightness sensor configured for detecting the brightness of the ambient light and furthermore comprising an adjustment device for automatic adjustment of at least one parameter of the at least one display element, the parameter being selected from the group consisting of: brightness, contrast, and power consumption. 18. A medication control system comprising at least one display element comprising at least one organic light-emitting diode display. 19. The medication control system of claim 18, wherein the system comprises at least one of an insulin pump configured for insulin medication, an artificial pancreas, and a continuous monitoring system. 