A solar cell interconnection process for forming a solar cell sub-module for a photovoltaic device, the process including the steps of mounting a plurality of elongate solar cells (101) on a crossbeam (102) on patches of solderable material (201) which is used to maintain solder in position, the elongate solar cells being in a substantially longitudinally parallel and generally co-planar configuration: and establishing one or more conductive pathways (204) extending between adjacent cells to electrically interconnect the elongate solar cells via the contacts (202, 203): wherein the one or more conductive pathways are established by wave soldering.
Claims 1. A solar cell interconnection process for forming a solar cell sub-module for a photovoltaic device, the process including the steps of: mounting a plurality of elongate solar cells in a structure that maintains the elongate solar cells in a substantially longitudinally parallel and generally co-planar configuration; and establishing one or more conductive pathways extending through the structure to electrically interconnect the elongate solar cells; wherein the one or more conductive pathways are established by wave soldering. 2. The process of claim 1, wherein the one or more conductive pathways are established by selective wave soldering. 3. The process of claim 2, including mounting the elongate solar cells to a thermally compatible support to prevent damage to the elongate solar cells or the one or more conductive pathways during a change in temperature. 4. The process of claim 3, wherein the elongate solar cells and the one or more conductive pathways form the structure. 5. The process of claim 4, wherein the one or more conductive pathways electrically interconnect the elongate solar cells in series to increase the output voltage of the solar cell sub-module. 6. The process of claim 5, wherein the one or more conductive pathways electrically interconnect the elongate solar cells in parallel to reduce the effect of shadowing on output of the sub-module. 7. The process of claim 6, wherein the one or more conductive pathways electrically interconnect the elongate solar cells in groups electrically interconnected in parallel, with the elongate solar cells in each group being electrically interconnected in series. 8. The process of claim 7, wherein the mounted elongate solar cells abut one another. 9. The process of claim 8, wherein the elongate solar cells are mutually spaced. 10. The process of claim 9, wherein each of the elongate solar cells includes two active faces, and a spacing between elongate solar cells is selected on the basis of illumination of the active faces of the elongate solar cells and the number of elongate solar cells in the sub-module. 11. The process of claim 10, wherein the structure includes at least one support to which the elongate solar cells are mounted. 12. The process of claim 11, including forming metallised regions on said at least one support, the shape of the metallised regions being adapted to retain solder predominantly at ends of each metallised region. 13. The process of claim 12, wherein the shape of each metallised region includes end regions disposed about a central region, the areas of the ends regions being substantially greater than the area of the central region. 14. The process of claim 13, wherein each metallised region has a substantially I-beam or dog-bone shape. 15. The process of claim 14, wherein said step of mounting includes arranging the plurality of elongate solar cells so that electrodes of adjacent ones of the elongate solar cells are substantially located at respective ends of corresponding metallised regions. 16. The process of claim 15, wherein the step of establishing one or more conductive pathways includes applying a selective solder wave fountain to each metallised region to interconnect electrodes of adjacent ones of the elongate solar cells, the solder deposited by the selective solder wave fountain forming beads substantially at said electrodes. 17. The process of claim 16, wherein the at least one support is compliant to accommodate thermal expansion of the elongate solar cells. 18. The process of claim 17, including encapsulating the structure within a transparent encapsulating material. 19. The process of claim 18, wherein the structure includes one or more crossbeams to which the elongate solar cells are mounted. 20. The process of claim 19, including forming metallised regions on said one or more crossbeams, the shape of the metallised regions being adapted to retain solder predominantly at ends of each metallised region. 21. The process of claim 20, wherein the shape of each metallised region includes end regions disposed about a central region, the areas of the ends regions being substantially greater than the area of the central region. 22. The process of claim 21, wherein each metallised region has a substantially I-beam or dog-bone shape. 23. The process of claim 22 wherein said step of mounting includes arranging the plurality of elongate solar cells so that electrodes of adjacent ones of the elongate solar cells are substantially located at respective ends of corresponding metallised regions. 24. The process of claim 23, wherein the step of establishing one or more conductive pathways includes applying a selective solder wave fountain to each metallised region to interconnect electrodes of adjacent ones of the elongate solar cells, the solder deposited by the selective solder wave fountain forming beads substantially at said electrodes. 25. The process of claim 24, wherein the one or more crossbeams are silicon. 26. The process of claim 24, wherein the one or more crossbeams include a polymer, a ceramic, a metal or a glass. 27. The process of claim 26, wherein a size of the structure is selected to be substantially the same as a corresponding size of a standard solar cell. 28. The process of claim 27, wherein said step of mounting includes mounting the elongate solar cells on an electrically insulating continuous or semicontinuous support. 29. The process of claim 28, wherein the one or more conductive pathways are formed on the electrically insulating support. 30. The process of claim 29, wherein the electrically insulating support is substantially silicon. 31. The process of claim 29, wherein the electrically insulating support is substantially borosilicate glass, plastic, or ceramic. 32. The process of claim 31, wherein the support is mounted to a heat sink. 33. The process of claim 32, wherein the support has substantial thermal conductivity and acts as a heat sink. 34. The process of claim 33, wherein the elongate solar cells and the one or more conductive pathways substantially form the structure. 35. The process of claim 34, including mounting a reflector behind the solar cell sub-module to reflect light passing through gaps between the elongate solar cells back towards the elongate solar cells to improve the efficiency of the photovoltaic device. 36. The process of claim 35, wherein each of the elongate solar cells includes electrically conductive contacts on at least two adjacent surfaces of the solar cell, and the one or more conductive pathways include substantially planar electrically conductive regions that are mounted to the electrically conductive contacts of the elongate solar cells, thereby electrically interconnecting the elongate solar cells. 37. The process of claim 36, including mounting a sheet of pliant material to the structure to provide a resilient solar cell sub-module. 38. The process of claim 37, including conformally mounting the solar cell sub-module to a substantially rigid curved support to provide a curved solar cell sub-module. 39. The process of claim 38, including conformally mounting the structure to a substantially rigid planar support and deforming the resulting assembly to provide a non-planar solar cell sub-module. 40. The process of claim 39, wherein the substantially rigid support is transparent. 41. The process of claim 38, wherein the substantially rigid curved support is glass. 42. The process of claim 38, wherein the substantially rigid curved support is a curved extruded aluminium receiver for a linear concentrator. 43. The process of claim 42, including processing at least a portion of one or more faces of each of the elongate solar cells in the solar cell sub-module. 44. The process of claim 43, wherein said processing includes depositing a coating on at least a portion of the one or more faces. 45. The process of claim 44, wherein said coating includes at least one of an anti-reflection coating, a passivation coating, and metallisation. 46. The process of claim 45, including mounting a plurality of the solar cell sub-modules in a linear concentrator system. 47. The process of claim 46, wherein the one or more conductive pathways electrically connect the elongate solar cells in series so that the electrical current generated by the elongate solar cells flows substantially in a direction parallel to the longitudinal axis of the linear concentrator system to reduce the series resistance of the elongate solar cells. 48. The process of claim 47, wherein the mounting of the sub-modules includes arranging the solar cell sub-modules in closely adjacent rows mounted to a receiver of the linear concentrator system, the rows being parallel to an optical axis of the receiver. 49. The process of claim 48, wherein the linear concentrator system includes a thermally conducting substrate having a first portion located near an optical axis of the system and a second portion, the mounting of the sub-modules being such that the elongate solar cells are mounted substantially adjacent to each other on the first portion of the thermally conducting substrate, the second portion of the thermally conducting substrate being actively cooled in so that heat generated by the elongate solar cells is conducted away from the elongate solar cells in a direction substantially perpendicular to the optical axis of the system. 50. The process of claim 49, wherein said step of establishing one or more conductive pathways includes immersing electrodes of said elongate solar cells in molten solder for a period less than one second. 51. The process of claim 50, wherein said period is at least about 0.3 seconds and at most about 0.5 seconds. 52. The process of claim 51, wherein an end of a crossbeam of said sub-module is immersed in molten solder for a period of about 0.4 to 0.6 seconds prior to immersing said electrodes. 53. The process of claim 52, further including forming electrodes on edges of the elongate solar cells, said step of forming including: depositing an electrically conductive layer on edges of the elongate solar cells; and dipping the elongate solar cells into a molten bath of solder to coat the electrically conductive layer with a layer of solder. 54. The process of claim 53, including forming a plurality of elongate substrates from a wafer, and forming said elongate solar cells from respective ones of said elongate substrates. 55. The process of claim 54, wherein active faces of said elongate solar cells are formed on faces of said elongate substrates formed perpendicular to a planar surface of said wafer. 56. The process of claim 54, wherein active faces of said elongate solar cells are formed on faces of said elongate substrates corresponding to respective regions of a planar surface of said wafer. 57. The process of claim 56, including forming an electrical interconnection between the solar cell sub-module and another sub-module by wave soldering. 58. The process of claim 57, including forming an electrical interconnection between the solar cell sub-module and a busbar of the photovoltaic device by wave soldering. 59. The process of claim 58, including forming an electrical interconnection between busbars of the photovoltaic device by wave soldering. 60. The process of claim 59, wherein the wave soldering includes selective wave soldering. 61. A solar cell sub-module formed by claim 1. 62. A photovoltaic device including a plurality of solar cell sub-modules formed by claim 1. 