A solar air conditioner includes an inlet assembly (20), an outlet assembly (30), a solar collector assembly (10), and a plurality of connecting assemblies (14) connecting the solar collectors, and the inlet and the outlet assemblies together. The solar collector assembly includes a plurality of solar collectors (12). Each of the solar collectors has a bottom plate (124), a heat-absorbing unit (123) mounted on the bottom plate, and a transparent panel (121) positioned on the heat-absorbing unit. The heat-absorbing unit divides an inner space of the solar collector into an upper heat-storage cavity (125) and a lower heat-absorbing cavity (125). The inlet and outlet assemblies seal two ends of the upper heat-storage cavity and communicate with two ends of the lower heat-absorbing cavity.
Claims 1. A solar air conditioner comprising: an inlet assembly; an outlet assembly; a solar collector assembly disposed between the inlet assembly and the outlet assembly, the solar collector assembly comprising a plurality of solar collectors each of which has a bottom plate, a heat-absorbing unit mounted on the bottom plate, and a transparent panel positioned on the heat-absorbing unit, the heat-absorbing unit dividing an inner space of the solar collector into an upper heat-storage cavity and a lower heat-absorbing cavity, the inlet and outlet assemblies sealing two ends of the upper heat-storage cavity and communicating with two ends of the lower heat-absorbing cavity; and a plurality of connecting assemblies connecting the solar collectors, and the inlet and the outlet assemblies together. 2. The solar air conditioner as claimed in claim 1, wherein the heat-absorbing unit comprises a plurality of S-shaped heat-absorbing plates, the heat-absorbing plates engaging with each other via first and second clasping structures formed at opposite ends thereof. 3. The solar air conditioner as claimed in claim 2, wherein the first clasping structure is a C-shaped cutout, and the second clasping is a clasping protrusion fitted in the cutout. 4. The solar air conditioner as claimed in claim 2, wherein the solar collector comprises first and second supporting members at opposite sides thereof, the first supporting member having a first clasping structure engaged with the second clasping structure of an adjacent heat-absorbing plate, the second supporting member having a second clasping structure engaged with the first structure of an adjacent heat-absorbing plate. 5. The solar air conditioner as claimed in claim 4, wherein the first and second supporting members respectively have a bottom base connected with the bottom plate of the solar collector, and a supporting base connected with a lower plate of a supporting element, the transparent panel being sandwiched between an upper plate of the supporting element and the supporting base. 6. The solar air conditioner as claimed in claim 4, further comprising a plurality of fixing assemblies each of which comprising two arms, the arms of the fixing assemblies being respectively fixed to adjacent solar collectors, adjacent inlet assembly and solar collector, and adjacent solar collector and outlet assembly, joining the inlet assembly, the outlet assembly and the solar collectors together. 7. The solar air conditioner as claimed in claim 1, wherein each of the connecting assemblies comprises a plurality of connecting units, the connecting units being disposed between adjacent solar collectors, adjacent inlet assembly and solar collector, and adjacent solar collector and outlet assembly, joining the inlet assembly, the outlet assembly and the solar collectors together. 8. The solar air conditioner as claimed in claim 7, wherein the connecting unit comprises a zigzag base and two joining plates extending from the zigzag base, the connecting units being united together via connections between the joining plates. 9. The solar air conditioner as claimed in claim 8, wherein the connecting unit further comprises a supporting bridge spanning above the zigzag base and the joining plates, the supporting bridge defining an inverted T-shaped groove therein, the connecting assembly further comprising a fixing member covering the connecting units, a plurality of inverted T-shaped joining elements being snapped in the inverted T-shaped groove and extending through the fixing member so as to mounting the fixing member onto the connecting units. 10. The solar air conditioner as claimed in claim 9, wherein the supporting bridge defines a through slot below the inverted T-shaped groove, an elongate bolt extending through the through slot and joining the connecting units together. 11. The solar air conditioner as claimed in claim 10, wherein the elongate bolt has a hexagonal fixing cap at one end and threads at the other end, the through slot having a hexagonal counter-bore at one end for receiving the fixing cap and a round counter-bore at the other end for receiving the screw cap. 12. The solar air conditioner as claimed in claim 1, wherein the heat-absorbing unit is planar shaped in profile, the connecting assembly comprising a plurality of connecting units, each of the connecting units having two base plates joined with the bottom plates of adjacent solar collectors, two fixing plates connected with the heat-absorbing units of the adjacent solar collectors, and two supporting wings supported the transparent panels of the adjacent solar collectors thereon. 13. The solar air conditioner as claimed in claim 12, wherein the connecting unit further comprises a vertical plate, the base plates, the fixing plates and the supporting wings integrally extending from the vertical plate, the vertical plate defining a inverted T-shaped groove therein, the connecting assembly further comprising a fixing member covering the connecting units, a plurality of inverted T-shaped joining elements being snapped in the inverted T-shaped groove and extending through the fixing member so as to mounting the fixing member onto the connecting units. 