A lavatory system is disclosed to include one or more integrated hand washing stations. Each hand washing station includes a basin, a faucet, a solenoid valve configured to control water flow to the faucet, and a electric hand dryer located adjacent the basin and the faucet so that the user of the washing station may use the faucet and the electric hand dryer without leaving the washing station. The electric hand dryer preferably includes an outlet to direct air across the associated basin so that any water that drips from the user's hands will fall within the basin. A control system may be provided to control activation of the fixtures such as the solenoid valve, the electric hand dryer, and/or soap dispenser. The control system may be configured, for example, to inhibit simultaneous activation of the solenoid valve and the hand dryer. A photovoltaic system may be provided to provide power to one or more of electrical fixtures.
Claims 1. A lavatory system comprising: a first integrated hand washing station including a first basin, a first faucet, a first solenoid valve configured to control water flow to the first faucet, and a first electric hand dryer located adjacent the first basin and the first faucet so that the user of the first washing station may use the first faucet and the first electric hand dryer without leaving the first washing station; a control system configured to control activation of the first solenoid valve and the first electric hand dryer, wherein the control system is configured to inhibit simultaneous activation of the first solenoid valve and the first hand dryer. 2. The lavatory system of claim 1, wherein the control system prevents activation of the first solenoid valve when the first electric hand dryer has been activated. 3. The lavatory system of claim 1, wherein the control system prevents activation of the first electric hand dryer when the first solenoid valve has been activated. 4. The lavatory system of claim 1, wherein the control system activates the first solenoid valve and the first electric hand dryer according to a predetermined timing and sequence. 5. The lavatory system of claim 1, wherein the control system: prevents activation of the first electric hand dryer when the first solenoid valve has been activated; and prevents activation of the first solenoid valve when the first electric hand dryer has been activated. 6. The lavatory system of claim 1, further comprising a single sensor in communication with the control system and configured to sense the presence of the user's hands near the first hand washing station. 7. The lavatory system of claim 1, further comprising a first sensor to detect the presence of a hand of the user proximate the first faucet, and a second sensor to detect the presence of a hand of the user proximate the first electric hand dryer. 8. The lavatory system of claim 7, wherein the control system activates the first solenoid valve and the first hand dryer based on signals received from the first sensor and second sensor according to a predetermined timing and sequence. 9. The lavatory system of claim 7, further comprising a second integrated hand washing station including a second basin, a second faucet, a second solenoid valve configured to control water flow to the second faucet, and a second electric hand dryer located adjacent the second basin and the second faucet so that the user of the second hand washing station may use the second faucet and the second electric hand dryer without leaving the second washing station; wherein the control system prevents activation of the second solenoid valve when the second electric hand dryer has been activated; wherein the control system prevents activation of the second electric hand dryer when the second solenoid valve has been activated. 10. The lavatory system of claim 9, further comprising a third sensor to detect the presence of a hand of the user proximate the second faucet, and a fourth sensor to detect the presence of a hand of the user proximate the second electric hand dryer. 11. The lavatory system of claim 1, further comprising a first soap dispenser located at the first hand washing station and a second soap dispenser located at the second hand washing station, wherein the control system is configured to prevent activation of the first or second soap dispensers when the associated first or second electric hand dryer is activated. 12. The lavatory system of claim 1, wherein the first electric hand dryer includes an outlet to direct air across the first basin so that any water that drips from the user's hands will fall within the first basin, and wherein the second electric hand dryer includes an outlet to direct air across the second basin so that any water that drips from the user's hands will fall within the second basin. 13. A lavatory system powered by renewable energy to provide hand washing functionality to a plurality of users, the lavatory system comprising: (a) a base configured to at least partially enclose plumbing; (b) a panel configured to articulate coupled to the base and movable between a closed position and an opened position, wherein the panel prevents access to the interior portion of the base in the closed position and permits access to the interior portion of the base in the opened position; (c) a photovoltaic system having an energy storage element and an array of photovoltaic cells coupled to the panel and coupled to the energy storage element; (d) a first hand washing station comprising: (i) a first basin positioned at a first height; (ii) a first faucet; (iii) a first solenoid valve configured to control water flow to the first faucet; (iv) a first electric hand dryer located adjacent the first basin and the first faucet so that the user of the first washing station may use the first faucet and the first electric hand dryer without leaving the first washing station; (e) a second hand washing station comprising: (i) a second basin positioned at a second height different from the first height of the first basin; (ii) a second faucet; (iii) a second solenoid valve configured to control water flow to the second faucet; (iv) a second electric hand dryer located adjacent the second basin and the second faucet so that the user of the second hand washing station may use the second faucet and the second electric hand dryer without leaving the second washing station; (f) wherein the photovoltaic system provides power to the first valve and the second valve. 14. The lavatory system of claim 13, further comprising a towel dispenser having a housing with a generally upwardly facing top surface, wherein a roll of paper towel located within the housing has an end that projects upward out of an opening in the upwardly facing top surface of the dispenser to be accessed by the user. 15. The lavatory system of claim 13, wherein the towel dispenser is located between the first hand washing station and the second hand washing station. 16. The lavatory system of claim 14, wherein the housing of the towel dispenser includes a front panel that is angled such that the top portion of the front panel extends further away from the base and a bottom portion of the front panel to accommodate users in a wheelchair. 17. The lavatory system of claim 14, wherein the generally upwardly facing top surface forms a recess configured to collect water that may drip from the user's hand when accessing the end of the paper towel. 18. The lavatory system of claim 13, wherein the first electric hand dryer and the second electric hand dryer are powered by the photovoltaic system. 19. The lavatory system of claim 13, wherein the first electric hand dryer includes an outlet to direct air across the first basin so that any water that drips from the user's hands will fall within the first basin, and wherein the second electric hand dryer includes an outlet to direct air across the second basin so that any water that drips from the user's hands will fall within the second basin. 20. The lavatory system of claim 13, further comprising a control system configured to control activation of the first solenoid valve, the second solenoid valve, the first electric hand dryer, and the second electric hand dryer, wherein the control system is configured to inhibit simultaneous activation of two or more of the first solenoid valve, second solenoid valve, first hand dryer, and second hand dryer. 21. The lavatory system of claim 20, wherein the control system prevents activation of the first electric hand dryer when the first solenoid valve has been activated; prevents activation of the first electric hand dryer when the first solenoid valve has been activated; prevents activation of the second electric hand dryer when the second solenoid valve has been activated; and prevents activation of the second solenoid valve when the second hand dryer has been activated. 22. The lavatory system of claim 20, further comprising a single sensor configured to sense the presence of the user's hands near the first hand washing station, and a single sensor configured to sense the presence of the user's hands near the second hand washing station, wherein the control system activates the associated first or second solenoid valve and associated first or second hand dryer according to a predetermined timing and sequence. 23. The lavatory system of claim 20, wherein the control system activates the associated first or second solenoid valve and associated first or second hand dryer according to a predetermined timing and sequence. 24. The lavatory system of claim 20, further comprising a first sensor to detect the presence of a hand of the user proximate the first faucet, a second sensor to detect the presence of a hand of the user proximate the first electric hand dryer, a third sensor to detect the presence of a hand of the user proximate the second faucet, and a fourth sensor to detect the presence of a hand of the user proximate the second electric hand dryer. 25. The lavatory system of claim 24, further comprising a first soap dispenser located at the first hand washing station and a second soap dispenser located at the second hand washing station, wherein the control system is configured to time the activation of the first or second soap dispensers based on the signal from the first or second sensors. 26. The lavatory system of claim 13, wherein the panel is substantially horizontal in the closed position and is substantially vertical in the open position. 27. The lavatory system of claim 13, further comprising a hinge coupling the panel to the base. 28. The lavatory system of claim 13, wherein the hinge includes a release mechanism accessible from a bottom portion of the base. 29. A lavatory system capable of providing simultaneous hand washing functionality to a plurality of users, the lavatory system comprising: (a) a base at least partially enclosing plumbing and configured to be coupled to a wall when installed; (b) a first integrated hand washing station coupled to the base, the first integrated hand washing station comprising: (i) a first basin having a front top edge located at a first height above the floor; (ii) a first faucet configured to direct water into the first basin; (iii) a first soap dispenser; (iv) a first electric hand dryer, wherein the first faucet, the first soap dispenser, and the first electric hand dryer are located adjacent the first basin so that a user of the first washing station may use the first faucet, the first soap dispenser, and/or the first electric hand dryer without leaving the first washing station; (c) a second integrated hand washing station coupled to the base and spaced apart from the first integrated hand washing station, the second integrated hand washing station comprising: (i) a second basin having a front top edge located at a second height above the floor, the second height of the second basin being different from the first height of the first basin; (ii) a second faucet configured to direct water into the second basin; (iii) a second soap dispenser; (iv) a second electric hand dryer, wherein the second faucet, the second soap dispenser, and the second electric hand dryer are located adjacent the second basin so that a user of the second washing station may use the second faucet, the second soap dispenser, and/or the second electric hand dryer without leaving the second washing station. 30. The lavatory system of claim 29, wherein the first height is about 34 inches above the floor and the second height is about 31 inches above the floor. 31. The lavatory system of claim 29, further comprising a third integrated hand washing station comprising: a third basin having a front top edge located at a third height above the floor; a third faucet configured to direct water into the third basin; a third soap dispenser; a third electric hand dryer; wherein the third faucet, the third soap dispenser, and the third electric hand dryer are located adjacent the third basin so that a user of the third washing station may use the third faucet, the third soap dispenser, and/or the third electric hand dryer without leaving the third washing station. 32. The lavatory system of claim 31, wherein the third height is approximately the same as either the first height or the second height. 33. The lavatory system of claim 31, wherein the first height is about 34 inches above the floor, the second height is about 31 inches above the floor, and the third height is about less than 30 inches above the floor. 34. A modular lavatory system configured to be coupled to a wall, the lavatory system comprising: a first hand washing station; a second hand washing station; a mounting system configured to couple the first hand washing station and the second hand washing station to the wall, the mounting system comprising: a first track mountable to the wall; a first mounting frame coupled to the first hand washing station and configured to engage the first track to mount the first hand washing station at a first height; and a second mounting frame coupled to the second hand washing station and configured to engage the first track to mount the second hand washing station at a second height different than the first height. 35. The modular lavatory system of claim 34, wherein the first washing station and the second washing station each includes a basin, and further wherein the first track is configured to engage the first mounting frame and the second mounting frame at a plurality of different positions allowing the basin of the first washing station to be located at a plurality of different heights relative to the second hand washing station. 36. The modular lavatory system of claim 35, wherein the first mounting frame includes a pair of spaced apart vertical members, each having a first recess and a second recess positioned above the first recess. 37. The modular lavatory system of claim 36, wherein the first track includes a plurality of recesses spaced apart along a longitudinal axis of the first track, wherein the first mounting frame is coupled to the first track in a first position by engaging the first recesses of the vertical members with recesses on the first track, and further wherein the first mounting frame is coupled to the first track in a second position by engaging the second recesses of the vertical members with recesses on the first track. 38. The modular lavatory system of claim 37, wherein the height of the first washing station supported by the first mounting frame in the first position is greater than the height of the wash station supported by the first mounting frame in the second position. 39. The modular lavatory system of claim 37, wherein each vertical member of the first mounting frame also includes a third recess positioned above the second recess wherein the first mounting frame may be coupled to the track in a third position by the third recess of the vertical members engaging the recesses on the first track. 40. The modular lavatory system of claim 34, further comprising a second track mountable to the wall and spaced apart below the first track. 41. The modular lavatory system of claim 40, wherein the first mounting frame and the second mounting frame each includes a pair of spaced apart basin support arms, a pair of spaced apart vertical members, and a backsplash support member connecting the vertical members. 42. The modular lavatory system of claim 41, wherein a pair of recesses in the first track engage recesses on the vertical members to fix the mounting frame in position at the desired height. 43. The modular lavatory system of claim 42, wherein the vertical members include a plurality of vertically spaced apart recesses to allow the mounting frame to engage the first track at a plurality of different heights. 44. The modular lavatory system of claim 43, wherein the first track includes a plurality of horizontally spaced apart recesses to allow the mounting frame to engage the first track at a plurality of horizontal positions. 