This invention deals with novel method and apparatus for positioning and motion control of the elements (lenses) of a Fresnel lens solar concentrator tracking array by induced and/or permanent dipole coupling to an electronic grid to produce angular deflection, and rotational motion. Thus forces and torques are produced without the use of internal moving parts. Control can be achieved without recourse to magnetic fields, by means of high electric fields which may be attained at relatively low voltages. At low voltages, the instant invention exceeds the capability of conventional systems. It can perform dynamic motion control with independent amplitude and frequency modulation. It is ideally suited for maximization of solar energy focused by the array onto a receiver. Since there are no mechanical likages, the instant invention is the most adapted for fabrication from the mini- to the micro-technology realm. Furthermore it provides less costly and greater ease of manufacture from the mini-to the micro-realm.
Claims 1. A solar concentrator system comprising a) an array of adjustable optical lenses; b) said lenses mounted on at least one pivot; b) said lenses coupled to an electronic control grid; c) said control grid activated by a digital processor; d) dipole linkage to rotate said lenses; and e) a receiver for energy conversion of the concentrated light. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said dipole is induced. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said dipole is permanent. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said pivot is at least one gimbal. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said lenses contain at least one strip of material with dielectric constant greater than 3. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said lenses contain a liquid with dielectric constant greater than 3. 7. A method of concentrating light comprising the steps of a) placing moveable lenses in the form of a Fresnel lens in a concentrator array; b) mounting said lenses on at least one pivot; c) dipole coupling said lenses to an electronic grid; d) activating said control grid by a processor; c) linking said dipoles to said grid; and e) receiving said light. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein said dipole is induced. 9. The method of claim 7, wherein said dipole is permanent. 10. The method of claim 7, wherein said lenses contain at least one strip of material with dielectric constant greater than 3. 11. The method of claim 7, wherein said lenses contain a liquid with dielectric constant greater than 3. 12. The method of claim 7, wherein said optical elements are covered by a transparent sheet. 13. A concentrator apparatus comprising: a) an array of adjustable lenses; b) said lenses mounted on at least one pivot; b) said lenses coupled to an electronic control grid; c) said control grid activated by a digital processor; and d) dipole linkage to rotate said lenss; 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein each of said elements is supported by at least one pivot point consisting of the group with a pivot point above the lens, with a pivot point internal to the lens, with a pivot point to the side of the lens, and with a pivot point below the lens. 15. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said lenses are contained in a fluid consisting of at least one of the group of vacuum, oil, and gas. 16. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said lenses consist of at least one of the group of planar and convex lenses. 17. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said lenses are covered by a transparent sheet. 18. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein a positive feedback loop comprising circuitry to control the operation of said control grid, optimizes the alignment of said lenses. 19. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the alignment torque due said dipole linkage said control grid, diminishes as the lens aligns itself with the electric field, producing an approximately critically damped system. 20. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said lenses contain at least one of the group of a strip of material with dielectric constant greater than 3 and a liquid with dielectric constant greater than 3. 