An apparatus (1) is used to examine or monitor the state or state of health of plants (2) with the aid of a bipolar electrode (4) which uses its at least two different poles (5) to measure corresponding potentials of the plant and supply them to a detector and/or memory (7), in particular via an amplifier (9), with the result that conclusions regarding the state of, or the possible damage to, a plant (2) can be drawn from changes in the electrical signals and can ensure remedial action.
Claims 1. Apparatus (1) for examining or monitoring a state or state of health of plants (2) during growth or a life of such plants (2) the apparatus comprising a bipolar electrode (4) that can be attached to a position (6) or to an area of the plant (2) where the plant outputs electrical signals or where there is an electrical potential or to a green position or a green area of the plant (2), the bipolar electrode has at least two poles (5) for contacting the plant (2) in a position of use, that wrap around the attachment position(s) (6) on the plant (2) in the position of use at least partially or completely and are adapted to receive at least one of electrical signals or potentials of the plant (2) and the bipolar electrode (4) is connected to at least one of a detector or a memory (7) for detecting and evaluating the electrical signals or potentials and for comparing the electrical signals or potentials received at different times. 2. Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein an amplifier (9) is provided between the attachment position (6) of the electrode (4) and the at least one of detector or the memory (7). 3. Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein several bipolar electrodes (4) are provided and connected to a common memory (7). 4. Apparatus according to claim 3, wherein the memory (7) is connected to an evaluation center wirelessly or via electrical lines. 5. Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the bipolar electrode (4) has a holder or a holding end for attachment to the plant (2). 6. Apparatus according to claim 5, wherein the holder or the holding end of the electrode (4) is constructed for connection to a plant (2) as two coils arranged as a double coil or twin coil (10) having windings in which each of the windings (12, 13) arranged parallel to each other carries or forms one of the poles (5) of the electrode and the double coil (10) wraps around the measurement position on the plant (2) on an entire extent of the attachment position (6), and the two coils forming the double coil (10) are insulated from each other and from the surroundings and have insulation-free or stripped contact positions for receiving the electrical potential of the plant (2) directly or for direct contact with a surrounded plant part (3) on an area facing the plant part or stem (3) of the plant and arranged in an interior of the double coil (10). 7. Apparatus according to claim 6, wherein the bipolar electrode (4) and the holding and measurement coil are formed from a flexible and electrically conductive material. 8. Apparatus according to claim 6, wherein the two coils (12, 13) belonging to the bipolar electrode (4) are formed from wire coils (15) that are formed in a region of the holder on the plant (2) into the windings (12, 13) of the double coil (10) that contacts or wraps around the plant (2) in the position of use. 9. Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the bipolar electrode (4) is connected directly or indirectly to a controller with which countermeasures targeted to an attack by pests, such as spraying of counteragents or pesticides or a discharge of fertilizer can be triggered. 10. Apparatus according to claim 9, wherein the memory (7) of the apparatus is connected to the controller and this is connected to a discharge apparatus or container (17) that contains counteragents and has a closable opening that can be opened by control pulses from the controller. 11. Apparatus according to claim 10, wherein the container (17) is shaped for a controlled discharge of counteragents, medicine, or nutrients so that it can be attached to or by the attachment position (6) of the plant (2) for the electrode (4) or can be fixed by the bipolar electrode (4) and its holder. 12. Apparatus according to claim 10, wherein the container (17) is constructed for the controlled discharge of substances for at least partially wrapping around the plant (2). 13. Apparatus according to claim 6, wherein the poles (5) of the bipolar electrode (4) in electrical contact with the plant are made from conductive plastic or corrosion-resistant metal and project out from the bipolar electrode (4) on an inside of the coil (10). 14. Apparatus according to claim 6, wherein a diameter of the double coil (10) of the bipolar electrode (4) or distances of the windings on the plant (2) to be examined and the position (6) of the plant (2) to be gripped are adapted in their dimensions to provide a resulting spring force and spring hardness. 15. Apparatus according to claim 2, wherein for powering the amplifier (9) there is a connection for a public power main connection, a battery or accumulator, or at least one solar cell. 16. Apparatus according to claim 6, wherein the two or more poles (5) of the bipolar electrode (4) are arranged at positions of the double coil (10) spaced apart from each other. 17. Apparatus according to claim 2, wherein the connections of the bipolar electrode (4) or associated lines thereof (11) are constructed as plugs (8) for detachable connection to the memory (7) or to the amplifier (9) connected before the memory (7). 18. Apparatus according to claim 6, wherein diameters of the individual coils or the windings (12, 13) forming the double coil (10) are the same. 19. Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein at least one of silicon, rubber, goniomer, PE, or PUR is provided as a material for insulating the bipolar electrode (4) and the double coil or twin coil (10) or at least one of the windings or coils (12, 13). 