A rechargeable power assembly having at least one lithium ion cell comprising an anode, a cathode, an electrolyte gel; a pulsed balancing circuit connected to the at least one lithium ion cell for maintaining the at least one lithium ion cell in a balanced phase; at least two photovoltaic cells concurrently connected to the pulsed balancing circuit and at least one lithium ion cell, wherein the at least two photovoltaic cells are connected in series for recharging the at least one lithium ion cell; an insulating layer between the at least one lithium ion cell and the at least two photovoltaic cells, wherein the at least two photovoltaic cells each have a surface for absorbing radiation, the surfaces for absorbing radiation are disposed opposite the respective insulating layers forming an apparatus for providing usable DC current directly from an electric circuit connected to the at least one lithium ion cell.
Claims 1. A rechargeable power assembly comprising: at least one lithium ion cell comprising an anode, a cathode, an electrolyte; a battery pack control module for balancing a plurality of cells or groups of cells connected in series, wherein the battery pack control module comprises: a controller assembly comprising an analog controller and a digital controller; a disconnect circuit, comprising a charge switch and a discharge switch connected in series, engaging the controller assembly and the plurality of cells or groups of cells connected in series; a pack sensing circuit comprising a member selected from the group consisting of: means for measuring battery pack system module temperature, means for measuring battery pack system module current, means for measuring cell voltages, or combinations thereof; wherein the pack sensing circuit connects to the controller assembly and the plurality of cells or groups of cells connected in series; a balancing circuit comprising a shunt resistor connected to a by-pass switch, wherein the balancing circuit connects between the plurality of cells or groups of cells connected in series and engages the controller assembly; computer instructions for instructing the controller assembly to control the disconnect circuit and the balancing circuit; and wherein the plurality of cells or groups of cells connected in series are balanced when the battery pack control module operates in a charging phase, a discharging phase, a quiescent phase, and a storage phase; at least two photovoltaic cells connected to the battery pack control module forming an electric circuit, wherein the at least one lithium ion cell is connected to the electric circuit, wherein the at least two photovoltaic cells are connected in series for recharging the at least one lithium ion cell; and an insulating layer between the at least one lithium ion cell and the at least two photovoltaic cells, wherein the at least two photovoltaic cells each have a surface for absorbing solar radiation, wherein the surfaces for absorbing solar radiation are disposed opposite the respective insulating layer forming an apparatus for providing usable DC current directly from the electric circuit connected to the at least one lithium ion cell. 2. The rechargeable power assembly of claim 1, further comprising a curable potting coating encapsulating the apparatus excluding the photovoltaic cell surface for absorbing radiation. 3. The rechargeable power assembly of claim 1, further comprising a frame for supporting the photovoltaic cells on a side and the battery control module, the lithium ion cell, and the insulating layer on an opposite side of the frame, wherein a one-piece device is formed. 4. The rechargeable power assembly of claim 1, wherein the apparatus is portable. 5. The rechargeable power assembly of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of lithium ion cells connected in series, in parallel, or combinations thereof. 6. The rechargeable power assembly of claim 1, wherein the at least one lithium ion cell has a cycle depth of discharge of less than empty and a recharge of less than full. 7. The rechargeable power assembly of claim 1, wherein the at least one lithium ion cell is a lithium ion polymer cell. 8. The rechargeable power assembly of claim 2, wherein the potting coating is a resin, a polymer, an urethane, any other type of water proof insulating material, or combinations thereof. 9. The rechargeable power assembly of claim 2, wherein the potting coating is cured by air, heat, ultraviolet radiation, or combinations thereof. 10. The rechargeable power assembly of claim 1, wherein the at least two photovoltaic cells are flexible cells. 11. The rechargeable power assembly of claim 1, wherein the apparatus is a multi voltage power system comprising at least two unconnected lithium ion cells each chargeable independently from the at least two photovoltaic cells. 12. The rechargeable power assembly of claim 1, wherein the at least one lithium ion cell provides 3.67V. 13. The rechargeable power assembly of claim 1, wherein the battery control module comprises a SM bus allowing the connection of a display to indicate the charge of system. 14. A method for providing a pulsed balanced rechargeable power assembly, wherein the method comprises: connecting at least two photovoltaic cells each having at least one outward surface for absorbing solar radiation to a plurality of cells, for recharging to a battery pack control module for balancing the plurality of cells; wherein the battery pack control module comprises: monitoring and measuring parameters for a plurality of cells, to determine a state of charge for the individual cells; wherein the monitoring and measuring step further comprises: measuring a temperature of the plurality of cells; measuring current of the plurality of cells; measuring cell voltages of the plurality of cells; or combinations thereof; creating an insulating space between the side opposite the outward surface of the at least two photovoltaic cells and the battery pack control module and the plurality of cells; disposing the plurality of cells and the battery pack control module on the insulated space on the side of the at least two photovoltaic cells opposite the outward surface; absorbing solar radiation using outward surfaces of the at least two photovoltaic cells to create a plurality of charged cells; discharging power from the plurality of charged cells; and removing at least a portion of a charge from the plurality of cells to achieve a balanced state of charge for the plurality of individual cells while in a discharge phase, a charge phase, a quiescent phase, a storage phase, or combinations of these phases; using a digital controller to execute computer instructions to balance the plurality of cells, wherein the computer instructions instruct a processor connected to the plurality of cells to execute the steps comprising: monitoring and measuring the state of charge for the plurality of cells; activating at least one disconnect circuit between the plurality of cells, when the monitoring and measuring values extend beyond preset limits; and activating at least one balancing circuit to manage the removal of at least a portion of the charge from the plurality of cells to achieve the balanced state. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the plurality of cells are at least two lithium ion cells. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the at least two lithium ion cells are connected in series. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein the at least two lithium ion cells are connected in parallel. 18. The method of claim 15, wherein the at least two lithium ion cells are connected in a combination of parallel and series. 19. The rechargeable power assembly of claim 14, wherein the battery control module comprises a SM bus allowing the connection of a display to indicate the charge of system. 