Methods and systems for fabricating a photovoltaic module are provided. One or more conducting pads are formed over a base of an electronic substrate, such that pad spaces are created between adjacent conducting pads. The electronic substrate includes a plurality of path options, and one or more bond pads. The path options are embedded in the base. The bond pads are formed over the base. One or more photovoltaic strips are arranged over the conducting pads. The bond pads provide an interface to connect photovoltaic strips to at least one of the path options. The photovoltaic strips are connected to the bond pads through one or more connectors in series and/or parallel. A plurality of optical vees is placed in the pad spaces between the conductive pads for concentrating solar energy over the photovoltaic strips.
Claims 1. An electronic substrate for use in a photovoltaic module, said electronic substrate comprising: a base for providing a plurality of path options; one or more conductive pads formed over said base, such that pad spaces are created between adjacent conductive pads, said conductive pads configured to receive one or more photovoltaic strips, wherein said conductive pads are electrically connected with at least one of said path options; and one or more bond pads formed over said base, wherein said bond pads provide an interface to connect said photovoltaic strips to said path options in a predefined manner. 2. The electronic substrate of claim 1 further comprising one or more connectors for connecting said photovoltaic strips to said bond pads. 3. The electronic substrate of claim 1, wherein said pad spaces are configured to receive one or more optical vees for concentrating solar energy over said photovoltaic strips. 4. The electronic substrate of claim 1, wherein said base is selected from the group consisting of a printed circuit board (PCB) and a hybrid microcircuit. 5. A photovoltaic module for generating electricity from solar energy, said photovoltaic module comprising: an electronic substrate for providing support to said photovoltaic module, said electronic substrate comprising: a base for providing a plurality of path options; one or more conductive pads formed over said base, such that pad spaces are created between adjacent conductive pads, said conductive pads being electrically connected with at least one of said path options; and one or more bond pads formed over said base; one or more photovoltaic strips arranged over said conductive pads, said photovoltaic strips being capable of converting solar energy into electrical energy, wherein said bond pads provide an interface to connect said photovoltaic strips to said path options in a predefined manner; one or more optical vees placed over said pad spaces, such that a plurality of cavities is formed between adjacent optical vees, wherein said optical vees are capable of concentrating solar energy over said photovoltaic strips; and one or more connectors for connecting said photovoltaic strips to said bond pads. 6. The photovoltaic module of claim 5, wherein the predefined manner is a series and/or parallel arrangement. 7. The photovoltaic module of claim 5, wherein said optical vees comprise a reflective layer or surface, such that rays incident on said reflective layer or surface are reflected towards said photovoltaic strips. 8. The photovoltaic module of claim 5, wherein said optical vees comprise solid blocks of a reflective material. 9. The photovoltaic module of claim 5, wherein said optical vees further comprise: a first medium; a second medium, said second medium underlying said first medium such that a ratio of a refractive index of said first medium to a refractive index of said second medium is greater than one. 10. The photovoltaic module of claim 5 further comprising one or more concentrating elements, said concentrating elements being capable of concentrating solar energy over said photovoltaic strips. 11. The photovoltaic module of claim 10, wherein said concentrating element comprises a polymeric material that has the shape of said cavities. 12. The photovoltaic module of claim 10, wherein said concentrating element comprises re-molded concentrating elements. 13. The photovoltaic module of claim 10, wherein said concentrating element is a pre-molded concentrating element. 14. The photovoltaic module of claim 5 further comprising a transparent member positioned over said optical vees. 15. An apparatus for generating electricity from solar energy, said apparatus comprising: supporting means for providing support to said apparatus, wherein said supporting means provides a plurality of path options; padding means for providing a conductive path, said padding means formed over said supporting means, such that pad spaces are created between adjacent padding means, said padding means being electrically connected to at least one of said path options; converting means for converting solar energy into electrical energy, said converting means being arranged over said padding means; interfacing means for providing an interface to connect said converting means to said path options in a predefined manner, said interfacing means being formed over said supporting means; concentrating means for concentrating solar energy over said converting means; and connecting means for connecting said converting means to said interfacing means. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein a plurality of said concentrating means is placed over said pad spaces, such that a plurality of cavities is formed between adjacent concentrating means. 17. The apparatus of claim 15 further comprising a transparent means for transmitting solar energy, the transparent means being positioned over said concentrating means. 18. A system for manufacturing a photovoltaic module, said system comprising: a pad forming unit configured to: form one or more conductive pads over an electronic substrate, wherein said electronic substrate provides a base comprising a plurality of path options, wherein said conductive pads are arranged, such that pad spaces are created between adjacent conductive pads, said conducting pads are electrically connected with at least one of said path options; and form one or more bond pads over the base; a strip-arranger for arranging one or more photovoltaic strips over said conductive pads, wherein said photovoltaic strips are capable of converting solar energy into electrical energy, wherein said bond pads provide an interface to connect said photovoltaic strips to said path options in a predefined manner; an optical-vee-placer for placing a plurality of optical vees over said pad spaces, such that a plurality of cavities is formed between adjacent optical vees; and a connecting unit for connecting said photovoltaic strips to said bond pads. 19. The system of claim 18 further comprising a dispenser for pouring a polymeric material in a fluid state over said cavities to form one or more molded concentrating elements, such that said molded concentrating elements take the shape of said cavities. 20. The system of claim 18 further comprising a dicer for dicing a semiconductor wafer to form said photovoltaic strips. 21. The system of claim 18 further comprising: a moulder for molding a polymeric material to form at least a portion of said optical vees; and a depositor for depositing a reflective material to form a reflective layer or surface. 22. The system of claim 18 further comprising: a tool for machining solid blocks of a reflective material to form at least a portion of said optical vees; and a polisher for polishing said solid blocks to form a reflective layer or surface. 23. The system of claim 18 further comprising: a polisher for polishing a sheet of a reflective material to form a reflective layer or surface; and a bending unit for bending said sheet to form at least a portion of one of said optical vees. 24. The system of claim 18 further comprising: a sandwiching unit for sandwiching a foil of a reflective material between two sheets to form a sandwiched foil, said sandwiched foil forming a reflective layer or surface; and a bending unit for bending said sandwiched foil to form at least a portion of one of said optical vees. 25. A system for generating electricity from solar energy, said system comprising: a photovoltaic module comprising: a base for providing support to said photovoltaic module, wherein said base provides a plurality of path options; one or more conductive pads formed over said base, such that pad spaces are created between adjacent conductive pads, said conductive pads being electrically connected with at least one of said path options; one or more bond pads formed over said base; one or more photovoltaic strips arranged over said conductive pads, said photovoltaic strips being capable of converting solar energy into electrical energy, wherein said bond pads provide an interface to connect said photovoltaic strips to said path options in a predefined manner; one or more optical vees placed over said pad spaces, such that a plurality of cavities is formed between adjacent optical vees, wherein said optical vees are capable of concentrating solar energy over said photovoltaic strips; and one or more connectors for connecting said photovoltaic strips to said bond pads; and a power-consuming unit for consuming charge generated by said photovoltaic module, said power-consuming unit being connected with said photovoltaic module. 26. The system of claim 25 further comprising a charge controller for controlling the amount of charge in said power-consuming unit, wherein said charge controller is connected with said power-consuming unit. 27. The system of claim 25 further comprising an inverter for converting electricity from a first form to a second form, wherein electricity is generated by flow of charge stored in said power-consuming unit, said inverter is connected with said power-consuming unit. 28. The system of claim 27, wherein said first form and said second form are selected from the group consisting of direct current and alternating current. 29. A method of manufacturing a photovoltaic module, the method comprising: forming one or more conductive pads over an electronic substrate, such that pad spaces are created between adjacent conductive pads, wherein said electronic substrate provides a base with a plurality of path options, said conducting pads are electrically connected with at least one of said path options; forming one or more bond pads over said base; arranging one or more photovoltaic strips over said conductive pads, said photovoltaic strips capable of converting solar energy into electrical energy, wherein said bond pads provide an interface to connect said photovoltaic strips to said path options in a predefined manner; placing a plurality of optical vees over said pad spaces, such that a plurality of cavities is formed between adjacent optical vees, said optical vees being capable of concentrating solar energy over said photovoltaic strips; and connecting said photovoltaic strips to said bond pads. 30. The method of claim 29, wherein said optical vees comprise a reflective layer or surface, such that rays incident on said reflective layer or surface are reflected towards said photovoltaic strips. 31. The method of claim 30 further comprising: molding a polymeric material to form said optical vees; and depositing a reflective material to form said reflective layer or surface. 32. The method of claim 30 further comprising: machining solid blocks of a reflective material to form said optical vees; and polishing said solid blocks to form said reflective layer or surface. 33. The method of claim 30 further comprising: polishing a sheet of a reflective material to form said reflective layer or surface; and bending said sheet to form at least one of said optical vees. 34. The method of claim 30 further comprising: sandwiching a foil of a reflective material between two sheets to form a sandwiched foil comprising said reflective layer or surface; and bending said sandwiched foil to form at least one of said optical vees. 35. The method of claim 29, wherein said optical vees comprise: a first medium; and a second medium underlying said first medium, wherein the ratio of a refractive index of said first medium to a refractive index of said second medium is greater than one. 36. The method of claim 29 further comprising filling one or more concentrating elements in said cavities, said concentrating elements being capable of concentrating solar energy over said photovoltaic strips. 37. The method of claim 36, wherein said concentrating elements are in a pre-molded form. 38. The method of claim 36, wherein said filling said concentrating elements comprises re-molding pre-molded concentrating elements to form re-molded concentrating elements. 39. The method of claim 36, wherein said filling said concentrating elements comprises pouring a polymeric material in a fluid state over said photovoltaic strips in said cavities, such that molded concentrating elements take the shape of said cavities. 40. The method of claim 36, wherein a refractive index of said optical vees is equal to a refractive index of said concentrating elements, such that an interface between said support elements and said concentrating elements is substantially optically transparent. 41. The method of claim 29 further comprising positioning a transparent member over said optical vees. 42. A method of fabricating an electronic substrate for use in a photovoltaic module, the method comprising: embedding a base of said electronic substrate comprising a plurality of path options; forming one or more conductive pads over said base, such that pad spaces are created between adjacent conductive pads, wherein said conductive pads are configured to receive one or more photovoltaic strips, said conductive pads are electrically connected with at least one of said path options; and forming one or more bond pads over said base, wherein said bond pads provide an interface to connect said photovoltaic strips to said path options in a predefined manner. 43. The method of claim 42 further comprising connecting said photovoltaic strips to said bond pads. 44. The method of claim 42, wherein said pad spaces are configured to receive one or more optical vees for concentrating solar energy over said photovoltaic strips. 45. A method of fabricating a system for generating electricity from solar energy, said method comprising: manufacturing a photovoltaic module comprising: forming one or more conductive pads over an electronic substrate, such that pad spaces are created between adjacent conductive pads, wherein said electronic substrate provides a base with a plurality of path options, said conductive pads being electrically connected with at least one of said path options; forming one or more bond pads over said base; arranging one or more photovoltaic strips over said conductive pads, such that cavities are formed over said photovoltaic strips, said photovoltaic strips being capable of converting solar energy into electrical energy, wherein said bond pads provide an interface to connect said photovoltaic strips to said path options in a predefined manner; placing one or more optical vees in said pad spaces, such that a plurality of cavities is formed between said optical vees, said optical vees being capable of directing solar energy to said photovoltaic strips; and connecting said photovoltaic strips to said bond pads; and connecting a power-consuming unit with said photovoltaic module, said consuming unit consuming charge generated by said photovoltaic module. 46. The method of claim 45 further comprising connecting a charge controller with said power-consuming unit, said charge controller controlling the amount of charge in said power-consuming unit. 47. The method of claim 45 further comprising connecting an inverter with said power-consuming unit, said inverter converting electricity from a first form to a second form, wherein electricity is generated by flow of charge stored in said power-consuming unit. 48. The method of claim 47, wherein said first form and said second form are selected from the group consisting of direct current and alternating current. 49. A photovoltaic module for generating electricity from solar energy, said photovoltaic module comprising: an electronic substrate for providing support to said photovoltaic module, said electronic substrate comprising: a base for providing a plurality of path options; one or more conductive pads formed over said base, such that pad spaces are created between adjacent conductive pads, said conductive pads being electrically connected with at least one of said path options; one or more bond pads formed over said base; one or more photovoltaic strips arranged over said conductive pads, said photovoltaic strips being capable of converting solar energy into electrical energy, wherein said bond pads provide an interface to connect said photovoltaic strips to said path options in a predefined manner; one or more optical vees placed over said pad spaces, such that a plurality of cavities is formed between adjacent optical vees, wherein said optical vees comprise a first medium; and a second medium, said second medium underlying said first medium such that a ratio of a refractive index of said first medium to a refractive index of said second medium is greater than one; one or more connectors for connecting said photovoltaic strips to said bond pads; one or more concentrating elements, said concentrating elements being capable of concentrating solar energy over said photovoltaic strips, wherein refractive index of said concentrating elements and said first medium of said optical vees is greater than the refractive index of air or vacuum; and a transparent member positioned over said optical vees, wherein said transparent member is sealed with said electronic substrate. 50. A photovoltaic module for generating electricity from solar energy, said photovoltaic module comprising: an electronic substrate for providing support to said photovoltaic module, said electronic substrate comprising: a base for providing a plurality of path options; one or more conductive pads formed over said base, such that pad spaces are created between adjacent conductive pads, said conductive pads being electrically connected with at least one of said path options; one or more bond pads formed over said base; one or more photovoltaic strips arranged over said conductive pads, said photovoltaic strips being capable of converting solar energy into electrical energy, wherein said bond pads provide an interface to connect said photovoltaic strips to said path options in a predefined manner; one or more optical vees placed over said pad spaces, such that a plurality of cavities is formed between adjacent optical vees, wherein said optical vees comprise a reflective layer or surface, such that rays incident on said reflective layer or surface are reflected towards said photovoltaic strips; one or more connectors for connecting said photovoltaic strips to said bond pads; and a transparent member positioned over said optical vees, wherein said transparent member is sealed with said electronic substrate, and said electronic substrate, said photovoltaic strips, said optical vees and said transparent member form said photovoltaic module in an integrated manner. 