A power selection system is provided for an air conditioning system, including a power selection device, an interface unit, and an air conditioner. The power selection device includes a distribution selector and an uninterrupted power supply device. The distribution selector is arranged inside the uninterrupted power supply device. The distribution selector controls selection of power input of the power selection device among multiple power sources. The interface unit is connected to the power selection device. The air conditioner includes a power system, which is connected to the interface unit. As such, the system, as a whole, can be arranged in accordance with the user's need to receive a power input or a combination of multiple power inputs selected from multiple power sources in different periods of time and is fit for air conditioners of different brands available in the market.
Claims 1. A power selection system adapted for use with an air conditioning system and comprising: a power selection device comprising a distribution selector and an uninterrupted power supply device, the distribution selector being arranged inside the uninterrupted power supply device, the distribution selector controlling selection of power input of the power selection device among multiple power sources; an interface unit connected to the power selection device; and an air conditioner comprising a power system, which is connected to the interface unit. 2. The power selection system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the distribution selector selectively receives power input of direct-current (DC) power and alternate-current (AC) power. 3. The power selection system as claimed in claim 2, wherein the power input is obtained from the multiple power sources comprising at least solar power generation, wind power generation, hydraulic power generation, and an electric main, of which at least one or a combination of more than one is selected as the power input to diversify supplying of power. 4. The power selection system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the interface unit has an output that selectively supplies DC power or AC power. 5. The power selection system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the interface unit comprises an electrical receptacle. 6. The power selection system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the air conditioner comprises a power system, a control unit, a compressor, a condenser, an expansion valve, and an evaporator, the power system supplying power to the control unit and the compressor, the control unit being connected to the compressor, and wherein the compressor functions to compress refrigerant and is connected to the condenser; the condenser functions to dissipate heat and cause condensation of the refrigerant and is connected to the expansion valve; the expansion valve functions to realize expansion and dropping of pressure of the refrigerant and is connected to the evaporator; and the evaporator functions to absorb heat by the evaporation of the refrigerant and is connected back to the compressor to thereby complete refrigeration circulation. 7. The power selection system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the distribution selector comprises a power factor correction/PV (photovoltaic) inverter, at least one MPPT (Maximum Power Point Tracking) chargers, and a DC/DC converter, the MPPT charger being connected to the DC/DC converter, which is connected in parallel to the power factor correction/PV inverter. 8. The power selection system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the uninterrupted power supply device comprises a charger and a battery. 