A switching apparatus for grounding an inverter (3) that converts a direct current voltage into an alternative current voltage at mains frequency, with an inverter housing (7) and with a safety fuse (8) that connects a positive or a negative direct current voltage to a grounding terminal, is intended to be provided such that a technician has the possibility of grounding an inverter appliance optionally positively or negatively at little expense, with the possibility for an IP-65 region of the appliance to remain closed. This is achieved in that a safety fuse (8), which is accessible and can be plugged from the outside, is arranged on said inverter housing (7) and can be contacted optionally to a positive or a negative direct current voltage in such a manner that either a positive or a negative direct current voltage is grounded through said safety fuse (8).
Claims 1. A switching apparatus for grounding an inverter (3) that converts a direct current voltage into an alternative current voltage at mains frequency, with an inverter housing (7) and with a safety fuse (8) that connects a positive or a negative direct current voltage to a grounding terminal, characterized in that a safety fuse (8), which is accessible and can be plugged from the outside, is arranged on said inverter housing (7) and can be contacted to a positive or negative direct current voltage in such a manner that either a positive or a negative direct current voltage is grounded through said safety fuse (8). 2. The switching apparatus as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the safety fuse (8) is disposed in a plug connector part (9) with at least three plug connectors (11, 12, 13) adapted to be plugged outside of the inverter housing (7) and is mounted between two of said connectors, at least three mating contacts (14, 15, 16) corresponding to said plug connector part (9) being provided on said inverter housing (7), namely for the positive, the negative direct current voltage and for the earth connection, said plug connector part (9) being configured so that it may be unplugged and plugged somewhere else for either the positive or the negative direct current voltage to be grounded. 3. The switching apparatus as set forth in claim 2, characterized in that the safety fuse (8) is embedded in a cup-like part (17) carrying the three plug connectors (11, 12, 13). 4. The switching apparatus as set forth in claim 2, characterized in that the plug connector part (9) comprises an electrical and/or mechanical plug coding (24, 25). 5. The switching apparatus as set forth in claim 1, characterized by a circuit array in the inverter (3) for direct or indirect current measurement through the fuse (8). 6. The switching apparatus as set forth in claim 5, characterized by two shunts (Sh1, Sh2), said first shunt (Sh1) lying on a positive current path and said second shunt (Sh2) on the negative current path. 7. The switching apparatus as set forth in claim 5, characterized in that there are provided two switches (S1, S2) for establishing different measurement conditions for determining the isolation resistance Riso, the first switch (S1) lying between the positive direct current voltage (+Uzwk) and the grounding terminal (PE) and the second switch (S2) between the negative direct current voltage (-Uzwk) and the grounding terminal (PE). 8. The switching apparatus as set forth in claim 1, characterized by a monitoring unit for monitoring a fault current flowing through the safety fuse (8), more specifically for monitoring an unwanted hard earth connection. 9. The switching apparatus as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the inverter (3) comprises a transformer (4) for galvanic separation. 10. A method for converting a photovoltaic current of at least one photovoltaic generator (2) with a switching apparatus as set forth in any one of the afore mentioned claims. 