A manhole monitoring unit includes a housing mountable to walls of a closed manhole, without breaching an insulating layer on the walls, a data processor to receive data from monitoring sensors in the manhole, and a communication unit at least for transmitting wirelessly the data to an external network unit located above ground. A manhole monitoring and control unit includes a housing mountable to walls of a closed sewage manhole, without breaching the walls, a data processor to receive data from monitoring sensors in the manhole and to control actuators according to high level network commands, and a communication unit for transmitting wirelessly the data to an external network unit located above ground and receiving commands.
Claims 1. A manhole monitoring unit comprising a housing mountable to walls of a closed manhole, without breaching an insulating layer on said walls; a data processor to receive data from monitoring sensors in said manhole; and a communication unit at least for transmitting wirelessly said data to an external network unit located above ground. 2. The unit according to claim 1 and wherein said sensors comprise functionality to provide at least one of the following types of data: threshold level condition, water depth, toxicity, acidity, flow rate and whether said closed manhole has been opened. 3. The unit according to claim 1 and wherein said housing is mounted using at least one of the following: adhesive, screws and an assembly for attachment to a ladder. 4. The unit according to claim 1 and wherein said communication unit comprises means to at least communicate with at least one other said manhole monitoring unit. 5. The unit according to claim 4 and wherein said at least one other manhole monitoring unit is located in at least one of the following locations: said manhole and at least one other said manhole. 6. The unit according to claim 1 and wherein said data processor comprises means to control actuators according to high level network commands. 7. The unit according to claim 1 and also comprising means to receive an activation signal. 8. The unit according to claim 7 and wherein said means are at least one of the following: a wireless receiver, a magnet sensor and an activation switch. 9. The unit according to claim 8 and also comprising means to request and receive confirmation of said activation signal. 10. A manhole monitoring and control unit comprising: a housing mountable to walls of a closed sewage manhole, without breaching said walls; a data processor to receive data from monitoring sensors in said manhole and to control actuators according to high level network commands; and a communication unit for transmitting wirelessly said data to an external network unit located above ground and receiving commands. 11. The unit according to claim 10 and wherein said sensors comprise functionality to provide at least one of the following types of data: threshold level condition, water depth, toxicity, acidity, flow rate and whether said closed manhole has been opened. 12. The unit according to claim 10 and wherein said housing is mounted using at least one of the following: adhesive, screws and an assembly for attachment to a ladder. 13. The unit according to claim 10 and wherein said communication unit comprises means to at least communicate with at least one other said manhole monitoring unit. 14. The unit according to claim 13 and wherein said at least one other manhole monitoring unit is located in at least one of the following locations: said manhole and at least one other said manhole. 15. The unit according to claim 10 and also comprising means to receive an activation signal. 16. The unit according to claim 15 and wherein said means are at least one of the following: a wireless receiver, a magnet sensor and an activation switch. 17. The unit according to claim 16 and also comprising means to request and receive confirmation of said activation signal. 18. A remote network unit comprising: a communication unit to relay a transmission from a manhole monitoring unit to a network; rechargeable batteries; and a solar panel to provide power to said network unit and charge said batteries. 19. The unit according to claim 18 and wherein said communication unit comprises: a wireless receiver to receive said transmission from a manhole monitoring unit; and a network communication unit to connect to said network via a connection, said connection being at least one of wireless and cable. 20. The unit according to claim 19 and wherein said network is at least one of a WiFi wireless network, a cellular network, an Ethernet network, or a wireless sensor network. 21. A method for monitoring liquid drainage in a manhole comprising: receiving on a communications unit monitoring data from at least one sensor pack located in said manhole, wherein said communications unit is located in said manhole; and sending said data via wireless transmission to a remote network unit for relay to a central control center. 22. The method according to claim 21 and also comprising receiving at least one transmission of monitoring data from a second communications unit, said second communications unit located in at least one of the following locations: said manhole and at least one other said manhole. 23. The method according to claim 21 and wherein said sending comprises transmitting said monitoring data to a second communications unit, said second communications unit located in at least one of the following locations: said manhole and at least one other said manhole. 24. The method according to claim 21 and also comprising periodically entering a dormant state to conserve use of resources. 25. The method according to claim 21 and also comprising transmitting said monitoring data in response to a threshold event indicated by said monitoring data. 26. The method according to claim 25 and also comprising defining at least one event window for ignoring repeated changes of states for said threshold event. 27. The method according to claim 26 and also comprising defining different lengthed said event windows for the beginning and end of a non normal state for said threshold event. 28. The method according to claim 21 and wherein said sending comprises: storing said monitoring data and; transmitting said stored monitoring data on a periodic basis. 29. The method according to claim 21 and also comprising: storing said monitoring data; summarizing said stored monitoring data; and transmitting said summarized stored monitoring data on a periodic basis. 30. The method according to claim 21 and also comprising receiving an activation signal to commence operation. 31. The method according to claim 30 and wherein said receiving an activation signal comprises at least one of the following: detecting a magnet, receiving a wireless signal, and detecting a change in an activation switch. 32. The method according to claim 21 and also comprising controlling actuators according to high level network commands. 33. The method according to claim 21 and also comprising receiving a second set of said monitoring data on a second communications unit located in said manhole. 34. The method according to claim 33 and wherein said receiving of said second set is continuous. 35. The method according to claim 33 and also comprising activating said second communications unit in the event of failure of said first communications unit. 