The invention relates to a device through which a fluid can flow and that has a cellular structure, a system for modular optimization of cellular structures, and also a method for producing such structures. The device through which a fluid can flow comprises a working range with a cellular structure. The cellular structure has a shape and/or dimensions such that, with respect to a monolithic device with at least two channels that have a rectangular cross section, the thermal conductivity is greater and/or the flow resistance is lower and/or the mechanical resistance, in particular, the compressive and/or tensile resistance, is higher and/or the temperature stability is higher.
Claims 1. A construction element through which a fluid can flow and that comprises a working region with a cellular structure, wherein the cellular structure has a shape and/or dimensions such that, with respect to a monolithic construction element with at least two channels that have a rectangular cross section, the thermal conductivity is greater and/or the flow resistance is lower and/or the mechanical resistance, is higher and/or the temperature stability is higher. 2. The construction element according to claim 1 with at least one reinforcement element in the cellular structure. 3. The construction element according to claim 1 with a region that has, in addition to the walls that form the cellular structure, additional braces that are required at least for forming the cellular structure. 4. The construction element according to claim 1 with at least two regions with different size cells in the corresponding cellular structure. 5. The construction element according to claim 1, wherein the elements forming the cellular structure are porous and comprise a ceramic and/or at least one metal and/or at least one glass. 6. The construction element according to claim 1 with at least one inlet and at least one outlet channel, wherein the ratio of cross-sectional surface of the inlet channel to cross-sectional surface of the outlet channel is greater than 1. 7. A system for modular optimization of cellular structures of a construction element according to claim 1, characterized in that the system is made from the modules of a problem definition, the module of individual component solution to the individual problems of the problem definition, the module of linking the individual component solution of the problems to each other, and the module of a matrix for selecting the solutions of the optimization and the selection of one of suitable production methods. 8. The system for modular optimization of cellular structures according to claim 7 characterized in that at least one individual component solution and one production method is allocated to a problem. 9. The system for modular optimization of cellular structures according to claim 7 characterized in that the system is applied to different fields of application that are to be allocated essentially, but not exclusively, to the areas of volume flow purification, energy generation, and joining technology. 10. The system for modular optimization of cellular structures according to claim 7 characterized in that a product problem is allocated to at least one product. 11. The system for modular optimization of cellular structures according to claim 7 characterized in that an individual component solution is allocated to several problems and/or products. 12-16. (canceled) 17. A construction element set comprising at least two construction elements, each of which according to claim 1, characterized in that the individual construction elements in the construction element set can be allocated to one or more application fields and/or problems. 18. The construction element set according to claim 17 characterized in that the construction element set is suitable to distribute and/or to deflect thermal and/or mechanical stress in the form of material-loaded bars and/or surfaces. 19. The construction element set according to claim 17 characterized in that the construction element set is suitable to produce a soft transition of stress spikes in the form of concave and/or convex rounded sections and/or curved sections. 20. The construction element set according to claim 17 characterized in that the construction element set is suitable to set the size relationships of adjacent channels individually and/or independent from each other, specifically, but not exclusively, this being a spacing element integrated between two adjacent channels. 21. The construction element set according to claim 17 characterized in that the construction element set is suitable to reduce or enlarge each individual channel to the dimension required for the channel, specifically, but not exclusively, this being the maximum size for inlet channels and minimum size for outlet channels or vice versa. 22. The construction element set according to claim 17 characterized in that the construction element set is suitable to form an inlet chamber from which leads at least one outlet channel that can be selected arbitrarily in its direction of volume flow, specifically, but not exclusively, this being an inlet chamber with one or more outlet channels that are separated from the inlet chamber by a filtration wall. 23. The construction element set according to claim 17 characterized in that the construction element set is suitable to discharge collected ash components from the element, specifically, but not exclusively, this being a flap and/or a rotary valve and/or a slide. 24. The construction element set according to claim 17 characterized in that the construction element set is suitable for creating a different degree of deposition in filters, specifically, but not exclusively, this being the integration of a gradient of the porosity across the channel length extent and/or the grading of the number and/or size of the filtration surface. 25. The construction element set according to claim 17 characterized in that the construction element set is suitable for controlling the volume flow across the inlet cross section, specifically, but not exclusively, this being the grading of the inflow channel cross sections and/or shape corresponding to requirements. 26. The construction element set according to claim 17 characterized in that the construction element set is suitable for minimizing the breakage occurring during assembly and simultaneously guaranteeing an increased stress absorption during operation, specifically, but not exclusively, this being material-related reinforcement of the outer wall of the element and/or the integration of stress-deflecting and/or stress-absorbing elements in the element scope. 27. The construction element set according to claim 17 characterized in that the construction element set is suitable, in the case of the filtration chamber, for arbitrarily selecting the inlet and/or outlet direction of the volume flows, specifically, but not exclusively, the individual filter channels of the outlet channels being combined into one or more collective outlet channels before these emerge from the filter element. 28. The construction element set according to claim 17 characterized in that the construction element set is suitable for increasing the wall contact of the volume flow, specifically, but not exclusively, this being attachment of contact strips and/or raised sections and/or increasing the surface roughness of the walls. 29. The construction element set according to claim 17 characterized in that the construction element set is suitable for increasing the maximum operating temperature of the product, specifically, but not exclusively, this being integration of stress-deflecting and/or stress-absorbing elements in and/or between the channel walls. 30. The construction element set according to claim 17 characterized in that the construction element set is suitable for intensifying the heat transfer between the substrate and volume flow, specifically, but not exclusively, this being surface enlargement across the minimum active distance that is here significantly shortened in relation to other component lengths. 31. The construction element set according to claim 17 characterized in that the construction element set is suitable for generating a temperature homogenization in the volume flow across the system cross section, specifically, but not exclusively, this being construction with different flow cross sections within a channel, but advantageously constructed not exclusively at corners. 32. The construction element set according to claim 17 characterized in that the construction element set is suitable for improving the heat transfer properties, specifically, but not exclusively, this being distribution of flow channel walls that lead to a compression of the volume flow and thus swirling and/or through openings of small channels into larger channels, wherein breakaway edges that lead to swirling and thus to increased energy transfer are produced at the ends of the small channels to which no wall of a larger channel is to be provided. 33. The construction element set according to claim 17 characterized in that the construction element set is suitable for presenting a maximum absorber surface for smallest possible flow resistance, specifically, but not exclusively, this being construction of more or less round inlet openings that are provided with or without additional elements, such as shafts, in the wall and/or additional bars or other elements for increasing surface area. 34. The construction element set according to claim 17 characterized in that the construction element set is suitable for reducing the mounting surfaces and increasing the active surface, specifically, but not exclusively, this being achieved in that, for example, for the solar receiver, the reaction surface equals at least 100 cm.sup.2, which is realized through the integration of stress-deflecting and/or stress-absorbing elements in the channel structure. 35. The construction element set according to claim 17 characterized in that the construction element set is suitable for improving the heat transfer within the material structure without reducing the porosity of the material, specifically, but not exclusively, this being achieved by increasing the crystal transition surfaces for porous materials in the crystalline composite of the crystals among each other. 36. The construction element set according to claim 17 characterized in that the construction element set is suitable for creating different properties within one component also made from different materials, specifically, but not exclusively, this being caused by close packing of the differently acting individual elements into one package, where materials such as ceramic and/or metal and/or plastic can be combined with each other or can appear alone. 37. The construction element set according to claim 17 characterized in that the construction element set is suitable for exhibiting the same behavior as the adjacent part, this being specifically, but not exclusively, in particular, in joining technology, the use of the same materials for adjacent parts, in particular, in this way a seal is made from the same material as the parts to be sealed. 38. The construction element set according to claim 17 characterized in that the construction element set is suitable for taking over mechanical functions, specifically, but not exclusively, in the case of seals, this being integration of chambers within the sealing material that have a construction that can be compressed and/or expanded. 39. The construction element set according to claim 17 characterized in that the construction element set is suitable for ruling out a risk of functional leakage, specifically, but not exclusively, this being a seamless hollow chamber seal advantageously, but not exclusively, made from the same material as the components to be joined. 40. A construction element set made from a combination of at least two construction elements, each of which according to claim 1. 41. A product that comprises at least one construction element according to claim 1, wherein the at least one construction element is one or more of a diesel soot particulate filter, catalytic converter, solar receiver, and sealing element. 