The invention is directed to a circuit array with a relay (K1; K12) incorporating a field coil (E) as well as a switch contact (1a, 1b), said switch contact (1a, 1b) being provided as a switch point between a grid, in particular a mains supply (N), and an inverter (WR) fed by a direct voltage source, in particular by a photovoltaic generator (PVG), said relay (K1; K12) being configured to be a bistable relay.
Claims 1. A circuit array with a relay (K1; K12) incorporating a field coil (E) as well as a switch contact (1a, 1b), said switch contact (1a, 1b) being provided as a switch point between a grid, in particular a mains supply (N), and an inverter (WR) fed by a direct voltage source, in particular by a photovoltaic generator (PVG), whereby the relay (K1; K12) is configured to be a bistable relay. 2. The circuit array as set forth in claim 1, wherein the field coil (E) is connected in series with at least one switch (S; SC1 and S1; SC2) and with a capacitor (C1; C12) so that the capacitor (C1; C12) charges when closing the at least one switch (S; SC1 and S1; SC2). 3. The circuit array as set forth in claim 2, whereby a charge current path for charging the capacitor (C1; C12) is provided parallel to the field coil. 4. The circuit array as set forth in claim 3, wherein a second switch (S3; S32) is disposed in the charge current path, said second switch interrupting said charge current path when the capacitor (C1; C12) has charged to a defined value. 5. The circuit array as set forth in claim 1, wherein a trigger circuit, comprising at least one zener diode (D4, D9; D92, D42), which is connected to an additional switch (S3, S32) for controlling the charging process, is provided in the trigger circuit. 6. The circuit array as set forth in claim 1, wherein a trigger circuit is configured such that a trigger signal is applied at the switch (S1) so that the switch (S1), which is connected in series to the field coil (E), is only switched on when the capacitor (C1) is charged to the defined value. 7. The circuit array as set forth in claim 1, wherein a change over switch (SC1) for switching between a supply voltage (Vcc) and ground is connected in series with respect to the switch (S1), the field coil (E) and the capacitor (C1). 8. The circuit array as set forth in claim 7, wherein the change over switch (SC1), which is connected in series with the field coil (E), is integrated in an IC driver component part. 9. The circuit array as set forth in claim 2, wherein a series connection, which comprises a resistor (R2), an additional switch (S3) and a diode (D6), is connected in parallel to the switch (S1) and to the field coil (E). 10. The circuit array as set forth in claim 2, wherein the switch (S1) can be triggered through a semiconductor switch, in particular through an npn transistor (S2), which may be triggered through another zener diode (D4), said zener diode (D4) being connected to a gate of a switch (S3) lying in the charge current path. 11. The circuit array as set forth in claim 2, wherein the switch (S1) is a p channel MOSFET. 12. The circuit array as set forth in claim 2, wherein the switch (SC2), which is connected in series with the field coil (E), is a semiconductor switch, in particular a MOSFET. 13. The circuit array as set forth in claim 12, wherein a series connection, which comprises an additional switch (S32) and of a diode (D62), is connected in parallel to the field coil (E). 14. The circuit array as set forth in claim 2, further including an implementation such that a discharge current of the capacitor (C12) flows through a complementary Darlington circuit consisting of two switches (S4, S5). 15. The circuit array as set forth in claim 14, wherein a resistor (R22) is connected in series with a diode (D8) and the field coil (K12) at a supply voltage (Vcc), a cathode of the diode (D8) being connected to the collector of the first switch (S4) of the Darlington circuit. 16. The circuit array as set forth in claim 13, wherein the switch (S3; S32), which is connected to the zener diode (D6; D62), is a semiconductor switch, preferably a MOSFET, a drain and a gate of the switch (S3; S32) being connected together through a resistor (R3; R32) and a zener diode (D9; D92) being connected between the gate and a source in such a manner that the cathode of the diode is connected to the gate and an anode of the diode to the source. 17. An inverter, with the circuit array as set forth in claim 1. 