A method of manufacturing a solar cell by providing a first semiconductor substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming a first subcell on the substrate with a first semiconductor material with a first band gap and a first lattice constant; forming a second subcell with a second semiconductor material with a second band gap and a second lattice constant, wherein the second band gap is less than the first band gap and the second lattice constant is greater than the first lattice constant; the second subcell including a strain balanced quantum well structure; and forming a lattice constant transition material positioned between the first subcell and the second subcell, the lattice constant transition material having a lattice constant that changes gradually from the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant.
Claims 1. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first semiconductor substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming a first subcell on said substrate comprising a first semiconductor material with a first band gap and a first lattice constant; forming a second subcell comprising a second semiconductor material with a second band gap and a second lattice constant, wherein the second band gap is less than the first band gap and the second lattice constant is greater than the first lattice constant; said second subcell including a strain balance quantum well structure; and forming a lattice constant transition material positioned between the first subcell and the second subcell, said lattice constant transition material having a lattice constant that changes gradually from the lattice constant to the second lattice constant. 2. A method as defined in claim 1, further comprising attaching a surrogate second substrate over the second subcell and removing said first substrate. 3. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said first subcell is composed of an GaInP, GaSa, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and an GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 4. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the second subcell is composed of an nip structure with InGaAs base and emitter regions. 5. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said transition material is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the first subcell and less than or equal to that of the second subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the first subcell. 6. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the transition material is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAs, with x and y selected such that the band gap of the transition material remains constant at a band gap energy greater than that of said first subcell. 7. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the band gap of the transition material remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV. 8. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said strain balanced quantum well structure includes repeating layers of In.sub.x-0.15GaAs and In.sub.x+0.15GaAs, where x is the In mole fraction of the n and p layers of the second subcell. 9. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said strain balanced quantum well structure includes at least fifteen layers, each approximately 18 nm thick. 10. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said strain balanced quantum well structure includes a sequence of first and second different semiconductor layers with compressively strained and tensionally strained layers, respectively. 11. A method as defined in claim 1 wherein the average strain of the sequence of first and second difference semiconductor layers is approximately equal to zero. 12. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said strain balanced quantum well structure is approximately 180 nm thick. 13. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell comprising an upper subcell, a middle subcell, and a lower subcell comprising: providing a first substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming an upper first solar subcell on said first substrate having a first band gap; forming a middle second solar subcell over said first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a graded interlayer over said second solar cell; forming a lower third solar subcell over said graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell; wherein the third solar subcell includes an unintentionally doped layer disposed between its base and emitter; attaching a surrogate second substrate over said third solar subcell; and removing said first substrate. 14. The method as defined in claim 13, wherein the graded interlayer has a third band gap greater than said second band gap. 15. The method as defined in claim 13, further comprising etching a first trough around the periphery of said solar cell to the surrogate second substrate so as to form a mesa structure on said surrogate second substrate and facilitate the removal of said solar cell from the surrogate second substrate; etching a second trough around the periphery of said solar cell so as to form a mesa structure on said surrogate second substrate, wherein the second trough lies inside the periphery of the first trough, wherein the dept of the second trough extends down to said contact metal layer. 16. The method as defined in claim 13, wherein the contact metal layer is composed of a sequence of layers including the sequence Pd/Ge/Ti/Pd, and the depth of the first trough extends down to the surface of the surrogate second substrate. 17. The method as defined in claim 16, further comprising mounting a cover glass over said upper first subcell extending to the edge of said first trough, comprising removing the surrogate second substrate, so that the periphery of the solar cell is defined by the first trough. 18. A method as defined in claim 13, wherein the upper subcell is composed of InGa(Al)P. 19. The method as defined in claim 13, wherein the middle subcell is composed of an GaAs, GaInP, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and a GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 20. The method as defined in claim 13, wherein the lower solar subcell is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter layer, or a InGaAs base layer and a InGaP emitter layer. 21. The method as defined as claim 13, wherein the graded interlayer is compositionally graded to lattice match the middle subcell on one side and the lower subcell on the other side, and is composed of InGaAlAs. 22. The method as defined in claim 13, wherein the graded interlayer has approximately a 1.5 eV band gap throughout its thickness 23. The method as defined in claim 13, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the second solar cell and less than or equal to that of the second solar cell and less than or equal to that of the third solar cell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the second solar cell. 24. A solar cell comprising: a first semiconductor substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; a first subcell on the substrate including a first semiconductor material with a first band gap and a first lattice constant; a second subcell including a second semiconductor material with a second band gap and a second lattice constant, wherein the second band gap is less than the first band gap and the second lattice constant is greater than the first lattice constant; the second subcell including a strain balanced multiple quantum well structure; and a lattice constant transition material positioned between the first subcell and the second subcell, the lattice constant transition material having a lattice constant that changes gradually from the lattice constant to the second lattice constant. 25. A solar cell as defined in claim 24, wherein said strain balanced quantum well structure includes repeating layers of In.sub.x-0.15GaAs and In.sub.x+0.15GaAs, where x is the in mole fraction of the n and p layers of the second subcell. 26. A solar cell as defined in claim 24, wherein said strain balanced quantum well structure includes at least fifteen layers, each approximately 18 nm thick. 27. A solar cell as defined in claim 24, wherein said strain balanced quantum well structure includes a sequence of first and second different semiconductor layers with compressively strained and tensionally strained layers, respectively. 28. A solar cell as defined in claim 28, wherein the lattice constant transition material has a band gap greater than the band gap of said middle subcell. 29. A solar cell as defined in claim 36, wherein the lattice constant transition material is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the middle subcell and less than or equal to that of the bottom subcell. 30. A solar cell as defined in claim 36, wherein the lattice constant transition material is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAl.sub.1-yAs, with x and y selected such that the band gap of the interlayer remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV. 