A solar concentrator can include at least one optical element for concentrating incident light, a receiver assembly comprising a base plate comprising a first conductive layer and second conductive layer, wherein the first conductive layer and second conductive layer are characterized by a voltage differential when exposed to light, and a plurality of photovoltaic cells mounted to the base plate, each cell comprising a first terminal connected to the first conductive layer and a second terminal connected to the second conductive layer, a frame; step-up voltage means, electrically connected to the receiver assembly, for increasing said voltage differential, an electrical circuit for conducting current generated by the receiver assembly, the circuit comprising a first conductive member configured to conduct electricity between the first conductive layer and step-up voltage means and a second conductive member configured to conduct electricity between the second conductive layer and step-up voltage means.
Claims 1. A solar concentrator comprising: at least one optical element for concentrating incident light; a receiver assembly comprising a base plate comprising a first conductive layer and second conductive layer, wherein the first conductive layer and second conductive layer are characterized by a voltage differential when exposed to light; and a plurality of photovoltaic cells mounted to the base plate, each cell comprising a first terminal connected to the first conductive layer and a second terminal connected to the second conductive layer; a frame for supporting the at least one optical element and receiver assembly; step-up voltage means, electrically connected to the receiver assembly, for increasing said voltage differential; an electrical circuit for conducting current generated by the receiver assembly, the circuit comprising a first conductive member configured to conduct electricity between the first conductive layer and step-up voltage means; and a second conductive member configured to conduct electricity between the second conductive layer and step-up voltage means. 2. The solar concentrator of claim 1, wherein the first conductive member is configured to conduct a current of non-zero voltage, and wherein the first conductive member consists essentially of a first portion of said frame. 3. The solar concentrator of claim 2, wherein the second conductive member is configured to provide a ground connection, and wherein the second conductive member consists essentially of a second portion of said frame different than the first portion. 4. The solar concentrator of claim 3, wherein the first conductive layer is substantially planar and configured to connect directly to the first portion of said frame; and the second conductive layer is substantially planar and configured to connect directly to the second portion of said frame, wherein the first portion and second portion are electrically isolated from each other. 5. The solar concentrator of claim 4, wherein first conductive layer and second conductive layer are substantially parallel, and wherein the first conductive layer extends beyond the second conductive layer to form a first offset, and the second conductive layer extends beyond the first conductive layer to form a second offset. 6. The solar concentrator of claim 5, wherein the first conductive layer is configured to connect to the first portion of said frame at the first offset, and the second conductive layer is configured to connect to the second portion of said frame at the second offset. 7. The solar concentrator of claim 6, wherein the first offset of the first conductive layer of the base plate is further configured to connect to an offset of a second base plate, whereby the base plate is electrically connected in series or parallel with the second base plate. 8. The solar concentrator of claim 1, wherein the first conductive member is configured to conduct a current of non-zero voltage; wherein a portion of the first conductive member consists essentially of a first rail mounted to said frame; and the second conductive member consists essentially of a second rail mounted to said frame. 9. The tracking solar concentrator of claim 8, wherein the first conductive layer is substantially planar and configured to connect directly to the first rail; and the second conductive layer is substantially planar and configured to connect directly to the second rail, wherein the first rail and second rail are electrically isolated from each other. 10. The tracking solar concentrator of claim 1, wherein the step-up voltage means is selected from the group consisting of: an inverter, a converter, or a combination thereof. 11. The tracking solar concentrator of claim 9, wherein said voltage differential provided to the step-up voltage means is in the range of between about 0.5 volts and about 48 volts. 12. The tracking solar concentrator of claim 10, wherein said voltage differential provided to the step-up voltage means is between 2 volts and 4 volts. 13. A solar concentrator device, comprising: a base plate comprising a planar first conductive layer; a planar second conductive layer; and a planar insulating layer disposed between the first and second conductive layers. 14. The device of claim 13, wherein at least one of the first conductive layer and the second conductive layer are less than about 5 mm thick. 15. The device of claim 13, wherein at least one of the first conductive layer and the second conductive layer are less than about 1 mm thick. 16. The device of claim 13, wherein at least one of the first conductive layer and the second conductive layer are less than about 0.5 mm thick. 17. The device of claim 13, further comprising: a primary lens; a secondary lens system disposed between the primary lens and the base plate; and a support connected to the base plate and the primary lens for holding the primary lens above the secondary lens system. 18. The device of claim 17, further comprising a plurality of first alignment features disposed on the base plate, wherein at least one of the plurality of first alignment features is disposed between the support and the secondary lens system. 19. The device of claim 17, further comprising a photovoltaic cell, disposed below the secondary lens system to receive concentrated light propagating through the secondary lens system, wherein the photovoltaic cell is electrically connected to the first and second conductive layers. 20. The device of claim 18, further comprising a plurality of secondary alignment features disposed on the base plate for aligning the secondary lens system to the base plate, wherein the secondary lens system is connected to the base plate at the plurality of secondary alignment features. 