This invention relates generally to electronics, mechanics, and software, and more specifically, to systems and methods for wirelessly monitoring a brochure box. In one embodiment, the invention includes an apparatus that provides for remote content monitoring, the apparatus including a receptacle, the receptacle configurable to storing content; and a sensor node, the sensor node disposed proximate to the receptacle, the sensor node associated with a unique identifier, the sensor node configurable to monitor the existence of any stored content, the sensor node configurable to transmit a signal containing the unique identifier to a remote device, the signal being any of a cellular, satellite, and wireless network signal.
Claims 1. An apparatus that provides for remote content monitoring, the apparatus comprising: a receptacle, the receptacle configurable to storing content; and a sensor node, the sensor node disposed proximate to the receptacle, the sensor node associated with a unique identifier, the sensor node configurable to monitor the existence of any stored content, the sensor node configurable to transmit a signal containing the unique identifier to a remote device, the signal being any of a cellular, satellite, and wireless network signal. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: an infrared light source, the infrared light source being disposed proximate to the sensor node, the infrared light source being configurable to transmit infrared light upon the sensor node, wherein the sensor node includes an optical sensor, the optical sensor configurable to sensing the infrared light from the infrared light source. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the receptacle is a brochure box and the stored content is a brochure. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the stored brochure blocks the infrared light from being sensed by the optical sensor, wherein removal of the stored brochure results in the infrared light being sensed by the optical sensor, and wherein the sensor node is configurable to transmit a signal containing the unique identifier to the remote device upon the optical sensor sensing the infrared light. 5. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the stored brochure reflects the infrared light upon the optical sensor, wherein removal of the stored brochure results in the infrared light not being sensed by the optical sensor, and wherein the sensor node is configurable to transmit a signal containing the unique identifier to the remote device upon the optical sensor not sensing the infrared light. 6. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein to conserve energy the infrared light source and the sensor node only periodically transmit and sense for infrared light, respectively. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein the frequency of the transmission and sensing of infrared light is adjustable. 8. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising: a solar panel, the solar panel being disposed proximate to the receptacle, the solar panel configurable to supplying energy for the sensor node and the infrared light source. 9. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising: an LED light, the LED light being disposed proximate to the receptacle, the LED light configurable to illuminating the stored brochure. 10. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising: an RFID tag, the RFID tag being coupled to the sensor node, the RFID tag providing an identification for the sensor node. 11. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising: a GPS tracking device, the GPS tracking device being coupled to the sensor node to sense a geographic location of the sensor node, the geographic location begin transmittable to the remote device. 12. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising: a voice system, the voice system being disposed proximate to the receptacle, the voice system configurable to emit audible sounds in response to any of removal of the stored content and the presence of an individual. 13. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the receptacle is any of a mail box, a drop box, and a vending machine and the stored content is any of a document, mail, package, and object. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein absence of stored content results in the infrared light being sensed by the optical sensor, wherein stored content blocks the infrared light from being sensed by the optical sensor, and wherein the sensor node is configurable to transmit a signal containing the unique identifier to the remote device upon the infrared light not being sensed by the optical sensor. 15. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the sensor node includes an ambient light sensor, the ambient light sensor configurable to sensing ambient light. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the stored content decreases the level of ambient light sensed by the ambient light sensor, wherein removal of the stored content increases the level of ambient light sensed by the ambient light sensor, and wherein the sensor node is configurable to transmit a signal containing the unique identifier to the remote device upon the level of ambient light sensed being greater than a predetermined threshold level. 17. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the sensor node includes a weight sensor, the weight sensor configurable to sensing the weight of stored content. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the stored content increases the weight sensed by the weight sensor, wherein removal of the stored content decreases the weight sensed by the weight sensor, and wherein the sensor node is configurable to transmit a signal containing the unique identifier to the remote device upon the weight being less than a predetermined threshold level. 19. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the stored content decreases the weight sensed by the weight sensor, wherein removal of the stored content increases the weight sensed by the weight sensor, and wherein the sensor node is configurable to transmit a signal containing the unique identifier to the remote device upon the weight being more than a predetermined threshold level. 20. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the sensor node includes an input device, the input device being any of a mechanical button, electromechanical button, motion sensor, a proximity sensor, a touch sensor, and a microphone, the sensor node being configurable to transmit a signal to a remote device upon activation of the input device. 21. A device for remotely monitoring content of an apparatus, the device comprising: an application server having a processor, memory, and a network communications interface; and a software application, the software application operating using the application server, the software application configurable to receive a signal transmitted from an apparatus, the apparatus comprising a receptacle, the receptacle configurable to storing content; a sensor node, the sensor node disposed proximate to the receptacle, the sensor node including an optical sensor, the sensor node associated with a unique identifier; and an infrared light source, the infrared light source being disposed proximate to the sensor node, the infrared light source being configurable to transmit infrared light upon the sensor node, the sensor node being configurable to transmit a signal containing the unique identifier to the software application upon the optical sensor sensing the presence or absence of the infrared light, the signal being any of a cellular, satellite, and wireless network signal, wherein, upon receiving the signal, the software application notifies an entity having an account on the software application associated with the unique identifier that the sensor node transmitted the signal. 22. The device of claim 21, wherein the software application provides statistics relating to the number and rate of signals transmitted from the apparatus. 