A multijunction solar cell including an upper first solar subcell having a first band gap; a middle second solar subcell adjacent to the first solar subcell and having a second band gap smaller than the first band gap and having a base layer and an adjacent emitter layer, wherein the other layer adjacent to the emitter layer has an index of refraction substantially equal to that of the emitter layer; a graded interlayer adjacent to the second solar having a third band gap greater than said second band gap; and a lower solar subcell adjacent to the interlayer, and having a fourth band gap smaller than the second band gap, the third subcell being lattice mismatched with respect to the second subcell.
Claims 1. A multijunction solar cell comprising: an upper first solar subcell having a first band gap; a middle second solar subcell adjacent to said first solar subcell and having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap, and having a base layer and an emitter layer, and a layer directly adjacent to the emitter layer that has an index of refraction substantially equal to that of the emitter layer; a graded interlayer adjacent to said second solar subcell; said graded interlayer having a third band gap greater than said second band gap; and a lower solar subcell adjacent to said interlayer, said lower subcell having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell. 2. The multijunction solar cell of claim 1, wherein the graded interlayer is compositionally graded to lattice match the middle subcell on one side and the bottom subcell on the other side. 3. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein said graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, P. N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the middle subcell and less than or equal to that of the bottom subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the middle subcell. 4. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.y Al.sub.1-yAs, with x and y selected such that the band gap of the interlayer material remains constant throughout its thickness. 5. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the upper subcell is composed of InGa(Al)P. 6. A multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the middle subcell is composed of an InGaP emitter layer and a GaAs or In.sub.0.015GaAs base layer. 7. A multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the bottom solar subcell is composed of an InGaAs base layer and an InGaP emitter layer that is lattice matched to the base layer. 8. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the lower subcell has a band gap in the range of approximately 0.8 to 1.2 eV, the middle subcell has a band gap in the range of approximately 1.2 to 1.6 eV, and the upper subcell is disposed over and is lattice matched to the middle subcell, and has a band gap in the range of 1.8 to 2.1 eV. 9. A solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the layer adjacent to the emitter layer is a window layer composed of gallium indium phosphide. 10. A solar cell as defined in claim 1, further comprising a tunnel diode disposed between the middle solar cell and the graded interlayer, said tunnel diode being composed of an AlGaAs layer and an InGaP layer having substantially similar indices of refraction. 11. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first substrate; depositing on a first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell including at least one pair of adjacent layers have different composition and substantially similar indices of refraction; mounting a surrogate substrate on top of the sequence of layers; and removing the first substrate. 12. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 11, wherein depositing a sequence of layers comprises: forming a first subcell comprising a first semiconductor material with a first band gap and a first lattice constant; forming a second subcell comprising a second semiconductor material with a second band gap and a second lattice constant, wherein the second band gap is less than the first band gap and the second lattice constant is greater than the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant; and forming a lattice constant transition material positioned between the first subcell and the second subcell, said lattice constant transition material having a lattice constant that changes gradually from the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant. 13. A method as defined in claim 12, wherein said transition material is composed of any of the As P, N, Sb based II-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the first subcell and less than or equal to that of the second subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the second subcell, and the band gap of the transition material remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV throughout its thickness. 14. A method as defined in claim 11, wherein said first subcell is composed of an GaInP, GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and an GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region, and the second subcell is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter regions. 15. A method as defined in claim 11, wherein the sequence of layers of semiconductor material forms: a bottom subcell having a band gap in the range of 0.8 to 1.2 eV; a middle subcell having a band gap in the range of 1.2 to 1.6 eV, disposed over and being lattice mismatched to the bottom cell; and a top subcell having a band gap in the range of 1.8 to 2.1 eV and disposed over and being lattice matched to the middle cell. 16. A method as defined in claim 11, wherein the pair of adjacent layers with similar indices of refraction comprise a window layer composed of gallium indium phosphide, and an emitter layer composed of gallium indium phosphide. 17. A method as defined in claim 11, wherein the pair of adjacent layers comprise a tunnel diode adjacent the middle subcell and composed of an AlGaAs layer and an InGaP layer having substantially similar indices of refraction. 18. A method as defined in claim 11, wherein the first substrate is composed of gallium arsenide or germanium. 19. A method as defined in claim 11, wherein the surrogate substrate is composed of sapphire, GaAs, Ge or Si. 20. A method as defined in claim 11, wherein the first substrate is removed by grinding, lapping, or etching. 