A solar-charged power source for use in powering an electronic device, such as a game camera, comprises a housing, a photovoltaic cell provided on an upper surface of the housing, a battery and electronic circuitry, including a microcontroller, contained within the housing. A display is mounted on an outer surface of the housing and provides a user selectable indication of a microcontroller determined condition of the power source including the current charge state of the battery, a real time solar value indicating the electrical current production of the photovoltaic cell, a computed daily solar average and a weekly solar average of the current produced by the photovoltaic cell, based on the energy consumption requirements of the powered device.
Claims 1. A solar-charged power source for supplying electrical energy to an electronic device comprising: a photovoltaic cell for converting light into electricity; a battery for storing at least a portion of said electricity converted by said photovoltaic cell; an electrical circuit in communication with said battery, said photovoltaic cell, and providing a connection to said electronic device; said electrical circuit comprising a microcontroller for monitoring and distributing the output generated by said photovoltaic cell between said power source, said battery and said electronic device wherein said microcontroller is in electrical communication with an electronic display panel to selectively provide an indication of a plurality of conditions. 2. The solar-charged power source of claim 1, wherein a first of said plurality of conditions an indication of the level of intensity of light received by said photovoltaic cell. 3. The solar-charged power source of claim 1, wherein a second of said plurality of conditions is a charge condition of said battery. 4. The solar-charged power source of claim 1, wherein a third of said plurality of conditions is value of said electricity converted by said photovoltaic cell during a predetermined period. 5. The solar-charged power source of claim 4, wherein said predetermined period is approximately twenty four hours. 6. The solar-charged power source of claim 1, wherein a fourth of said plurality of conditions is a value of said electricity converted by said photovoltaic cell during a plurality of said predetermined periods. 7. The solar-charged power source of claim 6, wherein said plurality of said predetermined periods is approximately seven days. 8. The solar-charged power source of claim 1, wherein said indication is automatically updated based on the condition of said power source. 9. The solar-charged power source of claim 1, further comprising a housing for said battery, said electrical circuit and said photovoltaic cell, wherein said photovoltaic cell is mounted in an upper surface of said housing. 10. The solar-charged power source of claim 9 further comprising a mounting bracket pivotally attached to said housing. 11. A solar-charged power source for supplying electrical energy to an electronic device comprising: a photovoltaic cell for converting light into electrical energy; a battery for storing at least a portion of said electrical energy converted by said photovoltaic cell; a microcontroller for managing an electrical current generated by said photovoltaic cell between said power source, said battery and said electronic device; and a panel displaying an indication of a plurality of conditions of said power source. 12. The solar-charged power source of claim 11, wherein one of said conditions of said power source comprises a current state of charge of said battery. 13. The solar-charged power source of claim 11, wherein one of said conditions of said power source comprises a real time solar value. 14. The solar-charged power source of claim 11, wherein one of said conditions of said power source is a daily solar average value. 15. The solar-charged power source of claim 11, wherein one of said conditions of said power source is a weekly solar average value. 16. A solar-charged power source for supplying electrical energy to an electronic device comprising: a housing; a photovoltaic cell for converting a light source into an electricity mounted on an upper surface of said housing; a battery for storing at least a portion of said electricity converted by said photovoltaic cell; a microcontroller for managing an electrical current generated by said photovoltaic cell between said power source, said battery and said electronic device; and a panel displaying a user selectable indications of one of a plurality of operational conditions of said power source computed by said microcontroller. 17. The solar-charged power source of claim 19, wherein said plurality of conditions comprise a real time solar value, a battery charge value, a daily solar average value, and a weekly solar average value. 18. A process of for indicating to a user an operational performance characteristic of a solar-charged power source for powering an electronic device, the power source comprising: a photovoltaic cell for converting a light source into electricity; an internal battery for storing said electricity; an output for providing electrical communication between said power source and said electronic device; a electronic circuit comprising a microcontroller in electrical communication with said photovoltaic cell, said internal battery, and said output; and a display for providing indicia of said operational performance characteristic, the process comprising the steps of: a. sampling the electrical energy converted by said photovoltaic cell at a first predetermined interval; b. calculating in said microcontroller a real time solar value relative to a power requirement for said electronic device; and c. displaying indicia of said real time solar value on said display. 19. The process of claim 18, further comprising the steps of adding said real time solar value to an accumulator at the end of said first predetermined interval, iteratively calculating a real time solar value for subsequent equal intervals with each real time solar value being added to said accumulator at the end of a corresponding interval, calculating a first average solar value when sufficient real time solar values have been accumulated and displaying indicia of said first solar average. 20. The process of claim 19 further comprising the step of calculating a second average solar value when sufficient first average solar values have been accumulated and displaying indicia of said second solar average value. 21. The process of claim 20, wherein said first predetermined interval is approximately one minute. 22. The process of claim 20, wherein said first average solar value is a daily solar average. 23. The process of claim 20, wherein said second average solar value is a weekly solar average. 24. The process of claim 20, wherein display of said real time solar value, said first average solar value, and said second average solar value are selectable by a user. 25. The process of claim 18, further comprising the step of determining a charge state of said battery. 26. The process of claim 25, further comprising the step of displaying indicia of said charge state after the expiration of said first predetermined interval. 