An integrated mounting system for communication and surveillance infrastructures includes a gantry, a system cabinet, and an interconnecting conduit. The gantry includes a frame configured for housing functional devices (e.g., antennas, video cameras, sensors, photovoltaic panels, and the like) and supporting posts. The system cabinet contains electronic equipment of the functional devices and provides connectivity to land data networks and external sources of power. The system may be installed on a trailer and include autonomous sources of power.
Claims 1. An integrated mounting system for communication/surveillance infrastructures, the system comprising: a gantry including (i) a frame configured for housing functional devices of said infrastructures and (ii) a plurality of posts supporting the frame in a pre-selected position; a system cabinet containing electronic equipment of the functional devices; and a conduit interconnecting the electronic equipment and the functional devices. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the functional devices include antennas, cameras, sensors and/or photovoltaic panels of communicating, surveillance, and/or solar systems and apparatuses of said infrastructures. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the frame comprises a plurality of modules detachably connected to one another. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein at least one of the modules comprises a joint coupling allowing rotational movements of portions of said system relative to one another. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the posts are detachably connected to the frame. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the posts comprise sections detachably connected to one another in a fixed or length-adjustable relationship. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the system cabinet comprises at least one port for cables coupling the system to external sources of electric power and/or land data networks of said infrastructures. 8. The system of claim 1, the system cabinet further contains a cooling unit having a heat-exchanging element adapted for in-ground installation. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein portions of the conduit and/or a wiring raceway thereof are disposed in elements of the gantry. 10. The system of claim 1, further including an internal or external sources of electric power. 11. The system of claim 1, further comprising components adapted for providing water tightening of the gantry and/or the system cabinet. 12. The system of claim 1, further comprising components adapted for securing the system cabinet and/or the gantry to supporting foundations thereof. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein the pre-selected position is a substantially horizontal position. 14. The system of claim 1, further comprising a platform adapted for transporting and/or housing said system. 15. An integrated mounting system for communication/surveillance infrastructures, the system comprising: a gantry having (i) a frame configured for housing functional devices including antennas, cameras, sensors and/or photovoltaic panels of communicating, surveillance, and solar systems and apparatuses of said infrastructures and (ii) four posts supporting the frame in a substantially horizontal position; a system cabinet containing electronic equipment of the functional devices; and a conduit interconnecting the electronic equipment and the functional devices. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein: the frame comprises a plurality of modules detachably connected to one another, at least one of said modules having couplings allowing rotational movements of portions of said system relative to one another; at least a portion of said posts comprises sections detachably connected to one another in a fixed or length-adjustable relationship; the system cabinet comprises at least one port for cables coupling the system to external sources of electric power and/or land data networks of said infrastructures; the system cabinet contains a cooling unit having a heat-exchanging element adapted for in-ground installation; and portions of the conduit and/or a wiring raceway thereof are disposed in elements of the gantry. 17. The system of claim 15, further comprising: components adapted for providing water tightening of the gantry and the system cabinet; components adapted for securing the system cabinet and/or the gantry to supporting foundations thereof; and internal or external sources of electric power. 18. The system of claim 15, further comprising a platform adapted for transporting and/or housing said system. 