The invention relates to the field of electrical generation and more specifically to the use of a wind turbine for generating electricity. A vertical axis wind turbine is mounted on the upper portion of a chimney. Rotor blades are disposed on the outside of the chimney and the mechanical energy produced by the rotating rotor blades is transferred to a generator by means of a short drive shaft. The drive shaft is used to drive the rotor within the generator to induce a voltage in the stator. In an alternate configuration, the wind turbine and generator are integrated. The rotor blades are coupled directly to a rotating, current inducing set of permanent magnets or rotor for rotation about a stationary, current generating stator. In either configuration, the rotor blades are rotated using the updraft associated with the chimney or the prevailing wind.
Claims 1. A wind and updraft turbine mountable at or near an upper exterior portion of a chimney, or forming an integral component of an upper exterior portion of said chimney, said wind and updraft turbine comprising: a rotor hub coupled to a collar rotatable about said upper exterior portion of said chimney, about an axis at least substantially in line with a main axis of said chimney; and at least two wind-engaging rotor blades extending outwardly from said rotatable rotor hub, wherein each of said at least two wind-engaging blades are movable upon application thereto of an air movement about said chimney selected from at least one of the group consisting of: (i) an updraft about an interior of said chimney; (ii) an updraft about an exterior of said chimney; and (iii) a prevailing wind. 2. The wind and updraft turbine of claim 1 wherein a generator is operably linked to said rotatable collar for converting mechanical energy produced by said rotatable collar into electrical energy. 3. The wind and updraft turbine of claim 2 wherein said generator is mounted on an exterior surface of said chimney, and wherein said rotatable collar further comprises a serpentine drive belt extending about a circumference of said rotatable collar, and wherein a drive shaft rigidly attached to a rotor integral to said generator is rotated by said serpentine drive belt. 4. The wind and updraft turbine of claim 3, wherein said at least two wind-engaging blades are mounted with rotational symmetry about said rotatable rotor hub. 5. The wind and updraft turbine of claim 4, wherein each of said at least two wind-engaging blades are vertically inclined at an angle of from about 20 to 80 degrees relative to a plane of rotation of said rotatable rotor hub. 6. The wind and updraft turbine of claim 5, wherein each of said at least two wind-engaging blades is laterally tilted an tilted at an angle of from about 20 to 80 degrees relative to a plane of rotation of said rotatable rotor hub. 7. The wind and updraft turbine of claim 1, wherein said updraft is caused by any one or more of: (a) hot emissions from said chimney; (b) heating of air adjacent said exterior surface of said chimney by conduction of internal heat in said chimney; (c) heating of air within said chimney and adjacent said exterior surface of said chimney by solar radiation; and (d) wind hitting and being forced upwards along said exterior of said chimney. 8. The wind and updraft turbine of claim 1 wherein a venturi is vertically mounted on said chimney to facilitate said updraft about said exterior of said chimney. 9. The wind and updraft turbine of claim 1 wherein the diameter of said chimney is between a range of approximately 1 inch to 25 feet, and wherein said wind turbine is adaptable to chimneys within said range. 10. A wind and updraft turbine mountable at or near an upper exterior portion of a chimney, or forming an integral component of an upper exterior portion of said chimney, said wind and updraft turbine comprising: a current inducing rotor comprising a current inducing set of permanent magnets rotatable about said upper exterior portion of said chimney, about an axis at least substantially in line with a main axis of said chimney; a stationary, current generating stator comprising at least one wound coil about which said rotor rotates, wherein said rotor generates a magnetic field which passes in close proximity to said at least one wound coil; and at least two wind-engaging rotor blades extending outwardly from an outer casing associated with said rotor, wherein each of said at least two wind-engaging blades are movable upon application thereto of an air movement about said chimney selected from at least one of the group consisting of: (i) an updraft about an interior of said chimney; (ii) an updraft about an exterior of said chimney; and (iii) a prevailing wind. 11. The wind and updraft turbine of claim 10, for the generation of electrical power. 12. A method for generating electrical power, the method comprising: mounting a wind and updraft turbine having a current inducing rotor comprising a current inducing set of permanent magnets rotatable about said upper exterior portion of said chimney, about an axis at least substantially in line with a main axis of said chimney, a stationary, current generating stator comprising at least one wound coil about which said rotor rotates, wherein said rotor generates a magnetic field which passes in close proximity to said at least one wound coil and at least two wind-engaging rotor blades extending outwardly from an outer casing associated with said rotor, wherein each of said at least two wind-engaging blades are movable upon application thereto of an air movement about said chimney selected from at least one of the group consisting of: (i) an updraft about an interior of said chimney; (ii) an updraft about an exterior of said chimney; and (iii) a prevailing wind, at or adjacent an upper exterior portion of a chimney, and wherein said air movement rotates said at least two wind-engaging rotor blades. 13. The wind and updraft turbine of claim 10, wherein said at least two wind-engaging blades are mounted with rotational symmetry about said outer casing associated with said rotor. 14. The wind and updraft turbine of claim 13 wherein a venturi is vertically mounted on said chimney to facilitate said updraft about said exterior of said chimney. 15. The wind and updraft turbine of claim 13 wherein the diameter of said chimney is between a range of approximately 1 inch to 25 feet, and wherein said wind turbine is adaptable to chimneys within said range. 16. The wind and updraft turbine of claim 13 wherein said current generating stator comprises a circular array of wound coils, and wherein said circular array of wound coils extends around a circumference of said chimney and is rigidly attached thereto. 17. The wind and updraft turbine of claim 16 wherein said current inducing rotor comprises a circular array of permanent magnets, and wherein said circular array of permanent magnets extends around a circumference of said stator and is rotatably attached thereto. 18. The wind and updraft turbine of claim 17 wherein said circular array of wound coils and said circular array of permanent magnets are magnetically coupled thereto. 19. The wind and updraft turbine of claim 13 wherein said current generating stator comprises a plurality of circular arrays of wound coils, and wherein said plurality of circular arrays of wound coils extend around a circumference of said chimney and are rigidly attached thereto, and wherein said current inducing rotor comprises a plurality of circular arrays of permanent magnets, and wherein said plurality of circular arrays of permanent magnets extend around a circumference of said chimney and are rotatably attached thereto, and wherein said plurality of circular arrays of wound coils are layered with and in close proximity to said plurality of circular arrays of permanent magnets. 20. The wind and updraft turbine of claim 10, wherein said updraft is caused by any one or more of: (a) hot emissions from said chimney; (b) heating of air adjacent said exterior surface of said chimney by conduction of internal heat in said chimney; (c) heating of air within said chimney and adjacent said exterior surface of said chimney by solar radiation; and (d) wind hitting and being forced upwards along said exterior of said chimney. 21. A wind turbine mountable at or near an upper exterior portion of a stationary cylindrical pole, said wind turbine comprising: a current inducing rotor comprising a current inducing set of permanent magnets rotatable about said upper exterior portion of said cylindrical pole, about an axis at least substantially in line with a main axis of said cylindrical pole; a stationary, current generating stator comprising at least one wound coil about which said current inducing rotor rotates, wherein said current inducing rotor generates a magnetic field which passes in close proximity to said at least one wound coil; and at least two wind-engaging rotor blades extending vertically from an outer casing associated with said current inducing rotor, wherein each of said at least two wind-engaging blades are movable upon application thereto of a prevailing wind; wherein said current generating stator comprises a circular array of wound coils, and wherein said circular array of wound coils extends around a circumference of said cylindrical pole and is rigidly attached thereto; and wherein said current inducing rotor comprises a circular array of permanent magnets, and wherein said circular array of permanent magnets extends around a circumference of said stator and is rotatably attached thereto. 22. The wind turbine of claim 21, wherein said at least two wind-engaging rotor blades are mounted with rotational symmetry about said outer casing associated with said current inducing rotor. 23. A wind turbine mountable at or near an upper exterior portion of a cylindrical pole, said wind turbine comprising: a current inducing rotor comprising a current inducing set of permanent magnets rotatable about said upper exterior portion of said cylindrical pole, about an axis at least substantially in line with a main axis of said cylindrical pole; a stationary, current generating stator comprising at least one wound coil about which said current inducing rotor rotates, wherein said current inducing rotor generates a magnetic field which passes in close proximity to said at least one wound coil; and at least two wind-engaging rotor blades extending vertically from a rotor hub associated with said current inducing rotor, wherein each of said at least two wind-engaging blades are moveable upon application thereto of a prevailing wind; wherein said current generating stator comprises a plurality of circular arrays of wound coils, and wherein said plurality of circular arrays of wound coils extend around a circumference of said cylindrical pole and are rigidly attached thereto, and wherein said current inducing rotor comprises a plurality of circular arrays of permanent magnets, and wherein said plurality of circular arrays of permanent magnets extend around a circumference of said cylindrical pole and are rotatably attached thereto, and wherein said plurality of circular arrays of wound coils are layered with and in close proximity to said plurality of circular arrays of permanent magnets. 24. The wind turbine of claim 21, wherein said at least two wind-engaging rotor blades are mounted with rotational symmetry about said rotor hub associated with said current inducing rotor. 