The present invention relates to a device for injecting a substance into the human or animal body, where the medicament to be injected is removed from a reservoir by generating a subatmospheric pressure.
Claims 1. A device for injecting a substance into the human or animal body comprising a) at least one reservoir; b) one or more outflow lines from a); c) a pump mechanism which is attached between a reservoir from a) and an outflow line from b); d) a component which is suitable for injection and which is functionally connected to an outflow line from b); wherein the pump mechanism is driven by motive power. 2. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the pump mechanism comprises at least one pumping component and at least one further component which supplies the pumping component with drive energy. 3. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the pump mechanism comprises at least one pumping component and also has interfaces via which an externally present technical apparatus for generating motive power can be functionally connected to the pumping component, or via which a technical apparatus for generating motive power can be functionally coupled to the pumping component. 4. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the pump mechanism comprises a pumping component and a component which supplies the pumping component with drive energy as integrated unit. 5. The device as claimed in claim 2, wherein the pumping component consists of a tubing pump, diaphragm pump, gear pump or piezoelectrically operated pump. 6. The device as claimed in claim 3, wherein the pumping component consists of a tubing pump, diaphragm pump, gear pump or piezoelectrically operated pump. 7. The device as claimed in claim 4, wherein the pumping component consists of a tubing pump, diaphragm pump, gear pump or piezoelectrically operated pump. 8. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the pump mechanism is driven by a micromotor. 9. The device as claimed in claim 2, wherein a micromotor is used to generate the motive power to drive the pumping component. 10. The device as claimed in claim 3, wherein a micromotor is used to generate the motive power to drive the pumping component. 11. The device as claimed in claim 4, wherein a micromotor is used to generate the motive power to drive the pumping component. 12. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the energy source for the component generating the motive power consists of a battery, an accumulator, a solar cell or domestic current. 13. The device as claimed in claim 3, wherein the energy source for the component generating the motive power consists of a battery, an accumulator, a solar cell or domestic current. 14. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein a transmission for stepping down or stepping up is inserted between the pump mechanism and the component for supplying the pump mechanism with motive power. 15. The device as claimed in claim 2, wherein a transmission for stepping down or stepping up is inserted between the pumping component and the component for supplying the pumping component with motive power. 16. The device as claimed in claim 3, wherein a transmission for stepping down or stepping up is inserted between the pumping component and the component for supplying the pumping component with motive power. 17. The device as claimed in claim 4, wherein a transmission for stepping down or stepping up is inserted between the pumping component and the component for supplying the pumping component with motive power. 18. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the reservoir has an inflexible outer wall. 19. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the reservoir has a flexible outer wall. 20. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the reservoir consists of a commercially available cartridge for receiving a medicament. 21. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the component suitable consists of a cannula. 22. The device as claimed in claim 2, further comprising at least one electronic component for checking, monitoring and/or controlling the pumping component and/or the component which supplies the pumping component with motive power. 23. The device as claimed in claim 3, further comprising at least one electronic component for checking, monitoring and/or controlling the pumping component and/or the component which supplies the pumping component with motive power. 24. The device as claimed in claim 4, further comprising at least one electronic component for checking, monitoring and/or controlling the pumping component and/or the component which supplies the pumping component with motive power. 25. The device as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a flow sensor to determine the amount of the substance which is removed from the reservoir, and the amount which is used for injection. 26. The device as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a flow sensor to determine the amount of the substance which is removed from the reservoir, or the amount which is used for injection. 27. The production of a device as claimed in claim 1 where a) a component to receive a reservoir is provided; b) a reservoir is provided; c) an outflow line for removing a substance from the reservoir is provided; d) a pump mechanism is provided; e) a component for injecting a substance is provided; f) a flow sensor is provided; g) electronic components for storage and/or data processing and/or data transfer are provided; h) the individual constituents as described in a) to g) are joined together to give a functional unit. 28. A medical device suitable for administering a substance into the human or animal body, avoiding the gastrointestinal tract, comprising a device according to claim 1. 29. A medical device according to claim 28, wherein the substance is a pharmaceutical. 30. A medical device according to claim 29, wherein the pharmaceutical is an insulin. 31. A medical apparatus for injecting a pharmaceutical into the human or animal body, comprising a) a base element for mounting at least one further component; b) a component for removing air bubbles from the liquid intended for injection; c) a component for presetting the amount of liquid intended for injection; d) a component for displaying the amount of liquid intended for injection; e) a component for initiating the injection of liquid; and f) a component consisting of a device as claimed in claim 1. 32. The medical apparatus as claimed in claim 31, which comprises at least one means for storing and processing data and signals. 33. The medical apparatus as claimed in claim 31, which comprises at least one means for storing or processing data or signals. 34. The medical apparatus as claimed in claim 31, which comprises at least one interface for transmitting data or signals to or from an external technical unit which is configured for the storage or processing of data or signals. 35. The medical apparatus as claimed in claim 34, wherein the external technical unit consists of a PC. 36. The medical apparatus as claimed in claim 31, wherein the pharmaceutical intended for injection consists of insulin. 37. The medical apparatus as claimed in claim 36, in which the insulin is a long-active or a short-active insulin. 38. The medical apparatus as claimed in claim 31, wherein the substance intended for injection consists of GLP-1. 39. The medical apparatus as claimed in claim 31, wherein the substance intended for injection consists of Lovenox. 40. The production of a medical apparatus as claimed in claim 31, where a) a base element for mounting at least one further component is provided; b) a component for removing air bubbles from the liquid intended for injection is provided; c) a component for presetting the amount of the liquid intended for injection is provided; d) a component in the form of a display is provided; e) a component in the form of a release mechanism is provided; f) a device as claimed in claim 1 is provided; and g) the individual constituents as described in a) to f) are combined to give a functional unit. 41. A medical apparatus for the administration of a substance, whose pharmaceutical activity is diminished or lost in the gastrointestinal tract, for the prophylaxis or therapy of a disease or dysfunction of the body comprising a medical apparatus according to claim 31. 42. An apparatus according to claim 41, wherein the disease is diabetes. 43. A medical apparatus according to claim 41, wherein the substance is insulin. 44. A medical apparatus according to claim 41, wherein the substance is GLP-1. 45. A medical apparatus according to claim 41, wherein the substance is an interferon. 46. A medical apparatus according to claim 41, wherein the substance is growth hormone. 47. A medical apparatus according to claim 41, wherein the substance is heparin. 48. A medical apparatus according to claim 41, wherein the substance is Lovenox. 49. A medical apparatus according to claim 41, wherein the substance is a vaccine. 