A base station system and method for base station heat dissipation using chimneys where the base station system comprises a first structure, an enclosure, and a chimney. The first structure supports base station circuitry that generates heat. The enclosure encloses the first structure and the base station circuitry and forms an internal space. The chimney comprises a second structure forming dedicated space for heat dissipation. The chimney transfers the heat generated by the base station circuitry from the internal space to an external space outside the enclosure.
Claims 1. A base station system comprising: a first structure configured to support base station circuitry that generates heat; an enclosure configured to enclose the first structure and the base station circuitry and form an internal space; and a chimney configured to transfer the heat from the internal space to an external space outside the enclosure, the chimney comprising a second structure forming dedicated space for heat dissipation. 2. The base station system of claim 1, wherein the base station system comprises a micro base station. 3. The base station system of claim 1, wherein the base station system comprises a Global System for Mobile Communication base station. 4. The base station system of claim 1, wherein the base station system comprises a macro base station. 5. The base station system of claim 1, wherein the chimney is substantially vertical. 6. The base station system of claim 1, wherein the chimney forms a rectangular box. 7. The base station system of claim 1, wherein the chimney is enclosed in the internal space. 8. The base station system of claim 1, wherein the chimney is configured to dissipate the heat from the internal space to the external space using natural convection. 9. The base station system of claim 1, further comprising a fan configured to dissipate the heat. 10. The base station system of claim 9, wherein the fan is configured to dissipate the heat from the internal space using an internal airflow configured to flow over the base station circuitry and into the chimney. 11. The base station system of claim 9, wherein the fan is configured to dissipate the heat from the second structure to the external space outside the enclosure using a chimney airflow to the external space. 12. The base station system of claim 1, further comprising a heat sink configured to dissipate the heat. 13. The base station system of claim 12, wherein the heat sink is coupled to the base station circuitry and is configured to dissipate the heat from the base station circuitry to the internal space. 14. The base station system of claim 12, wherein the heat sink is coupled to the chimney and is configured to dissipate the heat from the second structure to the external space. 15. The base station system of claim 1, further comprising the base station circuitry. 16. The base station system of claim 15, wherein the base station circuitry is coupled to the chimney and is configured to transfer the heat to the chimney. 17. The base station system of claim 1, wherein the first structure comprises a back plane coupled to the base station circuitry. 18. The base station system of claim 1, further comprising an enclosure cover structure configured to cover the base station system from solar radiation and water. 19. The base station system of claim 1, further comprising a thermal control board configured to monitor an internal temperature of the internal space and operate a blower based on the internal temperature. 20. The base station system of claim 1, further comprising a heat foil configured to heat the base station circuitry to an operational temperature using an electric current through the heat foil. 21. A method for base station heat dissipation comprising: supporting base station circuitry that generates heat using a first structure; enclosing the first structure and the base station circuitry using an enclosure forming an internal space; and transferring the heat from the internal space to an external space outside the enclosure using a chimney comprising a second structure forming dedicated space for heat dissipation. 22. The method of claim 21, further comprising dissipating the heat from the internal space to the external space using natural convection by the chimney. 23. The method of claim 21, further comprising dissipating the heat using a fan configured to force an internal airflow over the base station circuitry to the chimney. 24. The method of claim 21, further comprising dissipating the heat using a fan configured to force a chimney airflow from the second structure to the external space outside the enclosure. 25. The method of claim 21, further comprising dissipating the heat from the base station circuitry to the internal space using a heat sink coupled to the base station circuitry. 26. The method of claim 21, further comprising dissipating the heat from the chimney to the external space outside the enclosure using a heat sink coupled to the chimney. 27. The method of claim 21, further comprising mounting the base station circuitry to the chimney and configuring the base station circuitry to transfer the heat to the chimney. 28. The method of claim 21, further comprising monitoring an internal temperature of the internal space using a thermal control board and operating a blower based on the internal temperature. 29. A base station system comprising: a supporting means for supporting base station circuitry that generates heat; an enclosing means for enclosing the supporting means and the base station circuitry and forming an internal space; and a heat transfer means for transferring the heat from the internal space to an external space including a dissipation means for forming dedicated space for heat dissipation. 