Apparatus for fabricating an array of aligned optical elements. A base tool is used to receive and align a planar material such as a glass sheet. A template tool is used to deposit secondary mirrors and adhesive patches onto the glass sheet. The adhesive patches are used to receive and mount primary mirrors. The primary mirrors are selectively held by an assembly tool. The primary mirrors are brought into alignment with the glass sheet by using actuators on the base tool and by using a registration mechanism to align the assembly tool with the glass sheet.
Claims 1. An apparatus for aligning optical components in an array, the apparatus comprising: a planar sheet; a first set of through holes in the planar sheet, wherein the through holes in the first set are used to position secondary mirrors onto a surface by using the planar sheet as a template; and a second set of through holes in the planar sheet, wherein the second set of through holes includes groups of through holes, wherein each group of through holes is associated with a different hole in the first set, wherein the through holes in a particular group in the second set are used to position adhesive patches in a predetermined relationship to a corresponding secondary mirror placed onto the surface using the planar sheet. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the surface is comprised of optically transparent material. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the adhesive patches are used to secure a primary mirror to the surface. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the particular primary mirror reflects sunlight onto the corresponding secondary mirror. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the corresponding secondary mirror reflects the sunlight onto a photovoltaic cell. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the planar sheet is registered with the surface by using an external tool. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: one or more registration marks for optically aligning the planar sheet with the material. 8. An apparatus for aligning optical components in an array, the apparatus comprising: a first registration mechanism for registering a material having a surface, wherein the first registration mechanism also provides for registering a template in alignment with the material, wherein the template provides for depositing a plurality of first optical elements and for determining a mounting position for a plurality of second optical elements; and a second registration mechanism for registering an assembly in alignment with the material, wherein the assembly deposits the second optical elements in a predetermined alignment with at least one first optical elements according to the determined mounting positions. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the first registration mechanism includes a corner of the apparatus. 10. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the first registration mechanism includes an edge of the apparatus. 11. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the second registration mechanism includes a pillar having a face, wherein registration uses the face. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the second registration mechanism includes an actuator for selectively lowering the assembly into proximity with the material. 13. An apparatus for aligning an array of optical elements, the apparatus comprising: means for selectively holding a plurality of primary mirror to the apparatus; means for registering the plurality of primary mirrors to a plurality of secondary mirrors. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the apparatus is substantially rectangular, wherein the means for registering includes: three tabs at three different edges of the apparatus, wherein the tabs each have an edge that is used for registering the plurality of primary mirrors to the plurality of secondary mirrors. 15. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the means for selectively holding includes selective application of a low pressure area to a surface of each primary mirror. 16. An apparatus for aligning optical components for use in a photovoltaic array, the apparatus comprising: a base tool for receiving a sheet of material; a template tool for depositing a plurality of secondary mirrors onto the sheet of material and for depositing adhesive patches onto the sheet of material for securing primary mirrors, wherein each primary mirror is associated with a different one of the secondary mirrors; and an assembly tool for selectively holding the primary mirrors, wherein the base tool includes a mechanism to bring the assembly tool into alignment with the sheet of material. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein the sheet of material includes a glass sheet. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the assembly tool uses low pressure areas to selectively hold the primary mirrors. 19. The apparatus of claim 16, further comprising one or more actuators for selectively bringing the assembly tool into alignment with the sheet of material. 20. The apparatus of claim 16, further comprising one or more registration marks on the sheet of material for aligning at least one of the tools. 