The invention addresses the area utilization and capital efficiency of systems for converting solar energy into electricity. A solid-state solar system includes photovoltaic and thermoelectric or thermionic cells. The system can be implemented in various configurations and by a solar insolation flux collection and concentration method to improve the area utilization and solar-to-electricity conversion efficiency. A thermal expansion matched multilayer board is also used to withstand ultra high concentration of solar insolation flux.
Claims 1. A solar-to-electricity conversion system configured in a modular platform and comprising: a. a photon-to-electricity subsystem including an array of successive spaced photovoltaic cells having different band gaps to convert concentrated insolation flux within a flux path into electrical energy; b. a heat-to-electricity conversion subsystem also situated within said flux path and including at least one of an array of thermoelectric cells or thermionic cells to covert heat into electric energy; c. a heat sink/pipe coupled to said photon-to-electricity subsystem and/or said heat-to-electricity conversion subsystem; d. a plurality of thermal expansion matched multilayer boards for integrating the photon-to-electricity subsystem, said heat-to-electricity conversion subsystems and heat sink/pipe; e. a light cavity situated within said flux path and adapted to direct said concentrated insolation flux between said successive spaced photovoltaic cells; f. a rigid assembly for mounting said photon-to-electricity subsystem, said heat-to-electricity conversion subsystem, said heat sink/pipe, said plurality of thermal expansion matched multilayer boards and said light cavity. 2. The system of claim 1 further including a light directing means adapted to direct said concentrated insolation flux unto said photon-to-electricity and/or heat-to-electricity conversion subsystems. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein said photon-to-electricity and heat-to-electricity subsystems are arranged in a cascade. 4. The system of claim 1 further including one or more diodes and/or other electrical circuitry embedded in said cells or plurality of multilayer boards to optimize voltage and current maximums of electricity generated by said system. 5. The system of claim 1 further including tracking sensors embedded in said cells or plurality of multilayer boards to control motor drives that orient the solar-to-electricity conversion system toward the sun. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein said photovoltaic cells are made from liquid phase epitaxy and/or gas diffusion. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein said thermal expansion matched multilayer boards are made of cofired ceramic. 8. A solar-to-electricity conversion system configured in a modular platform and comprising: a. a photon-to-electricity subsystem including a linear cascade arrangement of two or more successive spaced photovoltaic cells, each of said cells having a different band gap to convert concentrated insolation flux within a flux path into electrical energy; b. a heat-to-electricity conversion subsystem with a single or multiple anti-reflection and/or reflection coatings for spectrum selectivity also situated immediately before or after said photon-to-electricity subsystem within said linear cascade arrangement and flux path and including at least one of an array of thermoelectric cells or thermionic cells to convert heat into electric energy; c. a heat sink/pipe coupled to said photon-to-electricity subsystem and/or said heat-to-electricity conversion subsystem; d. a plurality of thermal expansion matched multilayer boards, one for each of said photovoltaic cells and said array of thermoelectric or thermionic cells; e. a casing assembly for mounting said photon-to-electricity subsystem, said heat-to-electricity conversion subsystem, said heat sink/pipe, said plurality of thermal expansion matched multilayer boards and said light cavity. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein said two or more successive spaced photovoltaic cells include the following: a first photovoltaic cell of band gap at about 2.54 eV; a second photovoltaic cell of band gap at about 1.47 eV; and a third photovoltaic cell of band gap of about 0.7 eV. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein said first photovoltaic cell is AlGaAs; said second photovoltaic cell is GaAs; and said third photovoltaic cell is GaSb or Ge. 11. A solar-to-electricity conversion system configured in a modular platform and comprising: a. a photon-to-electricity subsystem including an offset cascade arrangement of two or more successive spaced photovoltaic cells, each of said cells having a different band gap to convert concentrated insolation flux within a flux path into electrical energy; wherein said concentrated insolation flux is reflected between successive photovoltaic cells as it traverses said offset cascade arrangement; b. a heat-to-electricity conversion subsystem with a single or multiple anti-reflection and/or reflection coatings for spectrum selectivity situated immediately before said photon-to-electricity subsystem for selectively absorbing and reflecting said concentrated insolation flux into said offset cascade arrangement and including at least one of an array of thermoelectric cells or thermionic cells to convert heat into electric energy; c. a heat sink/pipe coupled to said photon-to-electricity subsystem and/or said heat-to-electricity conversion subsystem; d. a plurality of thermal expansion matched multilayer boards, one for each of said photovoltaic cells and said array of thermoelectric or thermionic cells; e. a casing assembly for mounting said photon-to-electricity subsystem, said heat-to-electricity conversion subsystem, said heat sink/pipe, and said plurality of thermal expansion matched multilayer boards. 12. The system of claim 11 wherein said concentrated insolation flux can be directed through a path that first includes partial absorption by said heat-to-electricity conversion subsystem, and then subsequent reflection from said subsystem to a first photovoltaic cell, and then to a second photovoltaic cell, and then to a final third photovoltaic cell. 13. The system of claim 11 further including a positioning mechanism for orienting said successive photovoltaic cells and heat-to-electricity conversion sub system relative to each other and the sun. 14. The system of claim 1 wherein said photovoltaic cells are made from liquid phase epitaxy and/or gas diffusion. 15. The system of claim 1 wherein said thermal expansion matched multilayer boards are made of cofired ceramic. 16. A solar-to-electricity conversion system configured in a modular platform and comprising: a. a first light directing means for receiving concentrated insolation flux; b. a photon-to-electricity subsystem including an offset cascade arrangement of two or more successive spaced photovoltaic cells, each of said cells having a different band gap to convert said concentrated insolation flux within a flux path into electrical energy; c. second light directing means positioned between said two or more successive spaced photovoltaic cells; wherein said concentrated insolation flux is refracted and reflected between said successive photovoltaic cells within said second light directing means as it traverses said offset cascade arrangement d. a heat-to-electricity conversion subsystem with a single or multiple anti-reflection and/or reflection coatings for spectrum selectivity situated immediately before said photon-to-electricity subsystem for selectively absorbing and reflecting said concentrated insolation flux into said linear cascade arrangement and including at least one of an array of thermoelectric cells or thermionic cells to convert heat into electric energy; e. a heat sink/pipe coupled to said photon-to-electricity subsystem and/or said heat-to-electricity conversion subsystem; f. a plurality of thermal expansion matched multilayer boards, one for each of said photovoltaic cells and said array of thermoelectric or thermionic cells; g. a casing assembly for mounting said photon-to-electricity subsystem, said heat-to-electricity conversion subsystem, said heat sink, said plurality of thermal expansion matched multilayer boards and at least said second light directing means. 17. The system of claim 16 wherein said first light directing means is one of a tapered light tube, a light guide, a light fiber, or a light pipe. 18. The system of claim 16 wherein said second light directing means is one of a tapered light tube, a light guide, a light fiber, or a light pipe. 19. A solar-to-electricity conversion system configured in a modular platform and comprising: a. a photon-to-electricity subsystem including a linear cascade arrangement of two or more successive spaced photovoltaic cells, each of said cells having a different band gap to convert concentrated insolation flux within a flux path into electrical energy; b. a heat-to-electricity conversion subsystem situated immediately before said photon-to-electricity subsystem with a single or multiple anti-reflection and/or reflection coatings for spectrum selectivity for selectively absorbing and reflecting said concentrated insolation flux into said linear cascade arrangement and including at least one of an array of thermoelectric cells or thermionic cells to convert heat into electric energy; c. a heat sink/pipe coupled to said photon-to-electricity subsystem and/or said heat-to-electricity conversion subsystem; d. a plurality of thermal expansion matched multilayer boards, one for each of said photovoltaic cells and said array of thermoelectric or thermionic cells; e. a casing assembly for mounting said photon-to-electricity subsystem, said heat-to-electricity conversion subsystem, said heat sink/pipe, and said plurality of thermal expansion matched multilayer boards. 20. The system of claim 19 wherein said concentrated insolation flux can be directed through a path that first includes partial absorption by said heat-to-electricity conversion subsystem, and then reflection so that said flux passes in a substantially straight line from said subsystem to a first photovoltaic cell, and then to a second photovoltaic cell, and then to a final third photovoltaic cell. 21. A solar-to-electricity conversion system configured in a modular platform and comprising: a. a photon-to-electricity subsystem including a first linear cascade arrangement of two or more successive spaced photovoltaic modules, each of said modules having a different band gap to convert concentrated insolation flux within a focal line into electrical energy; wherein said photovoltaic modules each include one or more photovoltaic cells situated in a planar arrangement within said focal line; b. a heat-to-electricity conversion subsystem situated immediately before or after said photon-to-electricity subsystem within said focal line and including at least one of an array of thermoelectric cells or thermionic cells to convert heat from said concentrated insolation flux into electric energy; c. a heat sink/pipe coupled to said photon-to-electricity subsystem and/or said heat-to-electricity conversion subsystem; d. a plurality of thermal expansion matched multilayer boards, one for each of said photovoltaic cells and said array of thermoelectric or thermionic cells; e. a casing assembly for mounting said photon-to-electricity subsystem, said heat-to-electricity conversion subsystem, said heat sink/pipe, said plurality of thermal expansion matched multilayer boards and said light cavity. 22. The system of claim 21 further including a light slit for generating said focal line. 23. The system of claim 21 wherein multiple focal lines are converted in said planar arrangement by photovoltaic cells arranged in a two dimensional array. 24. A solar-to-electricity conversion system configured in a modular platform and processing concentrated solar insolation flux incidence into the said solar-to-electricity conversion system with a concentration factor between 250.times. and 5,000.times. comprising: a. a photovoltaic subsystem including an array of photovoltaic cells of different band gaps and each cell having an area between about 300 hundred square microns to 30 square centimeters to convert concentrated solar visible, ultraviolet, and infrared radiation into electrical energy; b. a thermoelectric or a thermionic subsystem including a plurality of thermoelectric or thermionic cells to convert at least said concentrated solar infrared radiation and/or a temperature gradient into electrical energy; c. a frame adapted to support and function as an environmental shield and which is integrated as part of the hot side and/or cold side (heat sink) in the heat-to-electricity conversion; d. a first light directing means for directing said concentrated solar insolation flux incidence and any reflectance unto said photovoltaic and thermoelectric or thermionic subsystems; e. a thermal expansion matched multilayer board adapted to integrate components (a) and (b) and to transfer heat among such components by thermal vias; f. a second light directing means in the multilayer board adapted to direct concentrated solar insolation flux between photovoltaic cells. 