An outdoor umbrella includes an umbrella frame and an audio system. The umbrella includes a supporting frame and an awning frame supported by the supporting frame to define a shadowing area under the awning frame. The audio system includes at least a speaker unit supported by the umbrella frame and an audio input operatively linked to the speaker unit such that when the audio input sends an audio signal to the speaker unit, the speaker unit is adapted for producing audio effect within the shadowing area as an additional function for the outdoor umbrella.
Claims 1. An outdoor umbrella, comprising: an umbrella frame which comprises a supporting frame and an awning frame supported by said supporting frame to define a shadowing area under said awning frame; and an audio system, which comprises at least a speaker unit supported by said umbrella frame and an audio input operatively linked to said speaker unit such that when said audio input sends an audio signal to said speaker unit, said speaker unit is adapted for producing audio effect within said shadowing area as an additional function for said outdoor umbrella. 2. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 1, further comprising means for detachably attaching said speaker unit to said umbrella frame, wherein said attaching means, which is an audio support, comprises a central hub having a central sliding through slot for a supporting shaft of said supporting frame and a plurality of supporting arms spacedly and radially extended from said central hub to support said speaker unit. 3. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 2, wherein said central hub comprises a boundary sleeve having an arc-shape and a boundary cover interlocked with said boundary sleeve to form said central sliding through slot within inner walls of said boundary sleeve and said boundary cover, and a locking member having a locking end rotatably penetrated through said boundary cover to bias against said supporting shaft so as to lock up said central hub at said supporting shaft in position. 4. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 3, wherein said attaching means further comprises a first securing member detachably attached to said inner wall of said boundary sleeve to bias against said supporting shaft and a second securing member attached to said locking end of said locking member at said inner wall of said boundary cover, wherein said second securing member is driven by said locking member to adjust a size of said central sliding through slot for fittingly biasing against said supporting shaft such that said supporting shaft is securely clamped between said first and second securing members. 5. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 2, wherein said attaching means further comprises a plurality of coupling joints for coupling said speaker units with said supporting arms respectively, wherein each of said coupling joints has a ball slot formed at a distal end of said respective supporting arm and comprises a spherical head which is formed on top of said respective speaker unit and is arranged to engage with said respective ball slot in a rotatably movable manner, such that said speaker units are capable of self-rotating while being suspendedly supported by said supporting arms. 6. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 4, wherein said attaching means further comprises a plurality of coupling joints for coupling said speaker units with said supporting arms respectively, wherein each of said coupling joints has a ball slot formed at a distal end of said respective supporting arm and comprises a spherical head which is formed on top of said respective speaker unit and is arranged to engage with said respective ball slot in a rotatably movable manner, such that said speaker units are capable of self-rotating while being suspendedly supported by said supporting arms. 7. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 6, wherein said audio input comprises an auxiliary input provided at said umbrella frame for communicatively connecting to a portable music player to receive said audio signal therefrom, such that said audio signal is transmitted to said speaker unit for music broadcasting. 8. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 1, further comprising means for detachably attaching said speaker unit to said awning frame, wherein said attaching means comprises a speaker unit supporter provided at an awning arm of said awning frame, a speaker unit adaptor extended from said speaker unit, and a locker detachably locking said speaker unit adaptor with said speaker unit supporter to suspendedly support said speaker unit under said awning frame. 9. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 8, wherein said speaker unit supporter comprises a shank body has an enlarged head mounted at said awning arm and a connecting member extended from said enlarged head through said awning arm, wherein a mounting slot is transversely provided at said connecting member for said speaker unit adaptor slidably coupling with said mounting slot. 10. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 9, wherein said audio input comprises an auxiliary input provided at said umbrella frame for communicatively connecting to a portable music player to receive said audio signal therefrom, such that said audio signal is transmitted to said speaker unit for music broadcasting. 11. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 1, further comprising means for detachably attaching said speaker unit to said awning frame, wherein said attaching means comprises an elongated receiving groove formed along a bottom side of an awning arm of said awning frame to retain said speaker unit at said receiving groove, wherein two retaining walls are downwardly and integrally extended along said bottom side of said awning arm to define said receiving groove within said retaining walls and said bottom side of said awning arm. 12. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 11, wherein said audio input comprises an auxiliary input provided at said umbrella frame for communicatively connecting to a portable music player to receive said audio signal therefrom, such that said audio signal is transmitted to said speaker unit for music broadcasting. 13. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 1, further comprising means for detachably attaching said speaker unit to said awning frame, wherein said attaching means comprises a detachable clip detachably mounting to an awning arm of said awning frame, wherein said speaker unit is downwardly extended from said detachable clip such that said speaker unit is adapted to be selectively mounted to said awning arm to suspendedly support within said shadowing area. 14. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 13, wherein said audio input comprises an auxiliary input provided at said umbrella frame for communicatively connecting to a portable music player to receive said audio signal therefrom, such that said audio signal is transmitted to said speaker unit for music broadcasting. 15. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 1, further comprising means for attaching said speaker unit to said awning frame, wherein said attaching means comprises a mounting hub, having a plurality of radial extending arms, securely mounting to a central hub of said awning frame, wherein said speaker units are pivotally mounted to said radial extending arms respectively to suspendedly support within said shadowing area. 16. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 15, wherein said audio input comprises an auxiliary input provided at said umbrella frame for communicatively connecting to a portable music player to receive said audio signal therefrom, such that said audio signal is transmitted to said speaker unit for music broadcasting. 17. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 1, wherein said speaker unit is mounted to a central hub of said awning frame to suspendedly support within said shadowing area. 18. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 17, wherein said speaker unit is movably mounted to said central hub via a ball joint. 19. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 18, wherein said audio input comprises an auxiliary input provided at said umbrella frame for communicatively connecting to a portable music player to receive said audio signal therefrom, such that said audio signal is transmitted to said speaker unit for music broadcasting. 20. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 1, further comprising a solar system which comprises a solar energy collector coupled to said umbrella frame at a position above said shadowing area, and a power source unit electrically connecting said solar energy collector for storing electrical power being converted from a solar energy, wherein said speaker unit is electrically powered by said power source unit. 