A smoothie dispenser (20, 20S, 20A) comprises a frame (22); a smoothie receptacle storage section (24); and a receptacle conformed chiller section (26). The smoothie receptacle storage section (24) is provided within the frame (22) and configured to house plural smoothie receptacles (30) at a first temperature. The chiller section (26) is arranged to receive a selected smoothie receptacle released from the smoothie receptacle storage section and configured to crystallize contents of the selected smoothie receptacle. The receptacle conformed chiller section (26) is "receptacle conformed" in the sense that a surface of the chiller section is configured to conform to (e.g., have a surface of shape to mate with or to form substantially greater than linear contact with) at least a portion an exterior profile or periphery of the selected smoothie receptacle.
Claims 1. A smoothie dispenser comprising: a frame; a smoothie receptacle storage section provided within the frame and configured to house plural smoothie receptacles at a first temperature; a chiller section arranged to receive a selected smoothie receptacle released from the smoothie receptacle storage section and configured to crystallize contents of the selected smoothie receptacle, the chiller section comprising: a thermal transfer assembly configured to lower temperature contents of the selected smoothie receptacle to a second temperature for crystallizing the contents of the selected smoothie receptacle, the thermal transfer assembly comprising: a thermal transfer member comprising a receptacle contact surface configured to conform to at least a portion an exterior profile of the selected smoothie receptacle and a thermal transfer surface; cooler coupled to the thermal transfer surface; an agitator configured to agitate the thermal transfer assembly during lowering of the temperature of the contents of the selected smoothie receptacle. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the thermal transfer surface is a module mating surface and wherein the cooler is a thermoelectric cooling module mounted on the module mating surface of the thermal transfer member. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the receptacle contact surface is configured to conform to at least a portion an arcuate exterior profile of the selected smoothie receptacle. 4. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the thermal transfer assembly further comprises: two thermal transfer members; an actuator configured to move the two thermal transfer members into an engaged position wherein the selected smoothie receptacle is clamped between the two thermal transfer members. 5. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising a controller configured to initiate and terminate a chill cycle wherein the contents of the selected smoothie receptacle are lowered to the second temperature for crystallizing the contents of the selected smoothie receptacle. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the controller is configured to operate the actuator the clamping the selected smoothie receptacle between the two thermal transfer members. 7. The apparatus of claim 5, further comprising a temperature sensor configured to monitor the temperature of the selected smoothie receptacle and generate a signal in accordance therewith, and wherein in response to the signal provided by the temperature monitor the controller is configured to initiate and terminate the chill cycle. 8. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the controller is configured to reverse operation of the thermoelectric cooling module and thereby defrost the thermal transfer member for facilitating release of the selected smoothie receptacle. 9. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the actuator is configured to reciprocate the two thermal transfer members into the engaged position. 10. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein at least one of the two thermal transfer members is configured to pivot into the engaged position upon actuation of the actuator. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the thermal transfer assembly further comprises a mounting plate, wherein a first of the two transfer members is mounted for location on a first side of the mounting plate and a second of the two transfer members is pivotally mounted for location on a second side of the mounting plate, and wherein the mounting plate is configured with a cavity therein to accommodate the selected smoothie receptacle when clamped between the two thermal transfer members. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the first of the two transfer members is pivotally mounted for location on the first side of the mounting plate and the second of the two transfer members is pivotally mounted for location on the second side of the mounting plate. 13. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the actuator is mounted on the mounting plate. 14. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the thermal transfer member comprises plural module mating surfaces and corresponding plural thermoelectric cooling modules mounted on the respective plural module mating surfaces. 15. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising a finned heat exchanger connected to the thermoelectric cooling module. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, further comprising: an auxiliary thermal transfer member connected to the thermoelectric cooling module; an auxiliary thermoelectric cooling module connected between the auxiliary thermal transfer member and the finned heat exchanger. 17. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a receptacle ejector configured to eject the selected smoothie receptacle from the thermal transfer member, and wherein the thermal transfer member is configured to accommodate the receptacle ejector at least partially within the thermal transfer member. 18. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the agitator comprises an eccentrically weighted motor attached to the thermal transfer assembly. 19. A smoothie chiller unit comprising: a thermal transfer assembly configured to lower temperature contents of a smoothie receptacle for crystallizing the contents of the smoothie receptacle, the thermal transfer assembly comprising: a thermal transfer member comprising a receptacle contact surface configured to conform to at least a portion an exterior profile of the smoothie receptacle and a thermal transfer surface; cooler coupled to the thermal transfer surface; an agitator configured to agitate the thermal transfer assembly during lowering of the crystallizing of the contents of the smoothie receptacle. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the thermal transfer assembly comprises: two thermal transfer members; an actuator configured to move the two thermal transfer members into an engaged position wherein the smoothie receptacle is clamped between the two thermal transfer members. 21. A vending machine comprising: a frame; a receptacle section provided within the frame and configured to house plural receptacles; an electrical system configured to operate at least one of storing and dispensing of the receptacles; an electromagnetic radiation collection/conversion member mounted on the frame and configured to supply electrical power to the electrical system. 22. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein: the storage section is configured to house plural smoothie receptacles at a first temperature; the apparatus further comprises a chiller section arranged to receive a selected smoothie receptacle released from the smoothie receptacle storage section and configured to crystallize contents of the selected smoothie receptacle by lowering the temperature of the contents of the selected smoothie receptacle to a second temperature; and wherein the electrical system is configured to operate the chiller section. 23. The apparatus of claim 22, further comprising a cooling section configured to maintain the smoothie receptacle storage at the first temperature, and the electrical system is configured also to operate the cooling section. 24. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein the solar cell is provided on a roof panel of the frame. 25. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein the dispenser is energy-independent and capable of standing alone without receipt of external line current. 26. A smoothie dispenser comprising: a frame; a consumer-operated product selection unit provided on the frame configured to receive customer input for specifying choice of a selected smoothie receptacle and customer input for selecting a smoothie additive, the smoothie additive comprising a substance appropriate for introduction into contents of the selected smoothie receptacle by the customer after discharge of the selected smoothie receptacle from the dispenser; a smoothie receptacle storage section provided within the frame and configured to house plural smoothie receptacles at a first temperature; a smoothie additive storage section provided within the frame and configured to house the smoothie additive; a chiller section arranged to receive a selected smoothie receptacle released from the smoothie receptacle storage section and configured to crystallize contents of the selected smoothie receptacle by lowering the temperature of the contents of the selected smoothie receptacle to a second temperature; an additive discharge mechanism configured to discharge from the frame the selected smoothie additive in coordination with discharge of the chilled selected smoothie receptacle. 27. The apparatus of claim 26, wherein the consumer-operated product selection unit is configured to receive customer input for optionally selecting the smoothie additive. 28. The apparatus of claim 26, wherein the consumer-operated product selection unit is configured to receive customer input for selecting one of plural possible types of smoothie additives, and wherein the smoothie additive storage section is configured to and house the plural possible types of smoothie additives. 29. A vending machine comprising: a frame; a receptacle section provided within the frame and configured to house plural receptacles; an inventory reporting system configured to report by wireless communication to a central station the fact that the receptacle section has a low inventory of receptacles. 30. A vending machine comprising: a frame; a receptacle section provided within the frame and configured to house plural receptacles of vended product; a credit account management system which is configured to manage prepayment by a customer for future purchase of vended product at the vending machine and/or another vending machine in network therewith. 31. A method of operating a smoothie dispenser comprising: releasing a selected smoothie receptacle from a smoothie receptacle storage section into a chiller section; in the chiller section: substantially surrounding and contacting a periphery of the selected smoothie receptacle with a thermal transfer member; chilling the selected smoothie receptacle by performing a heat transfer operation through the thermal transfer member; and agitating the selected smoothie receptacle during the heat transfer operation. 