The specification and drawing figures describe and show a low profile mounting system that includes a at least one rail. A plurality of tracks is formed in the rail with opposing jaws. The opposing jaws define a slot. The opposing jaws are disposed in the rail asymmetrically to the longitudinal axis of the rail. At least one ledge monolithically extends from the rail for holding an object such as a solar panel. A coupler is provided for demountably connecting a solar panel to the rail. A cleat also is provided for attaching the system to a surface. A connector connects the rail to the cleat. This abstract is provided to comply with rules requiring an abstract that will allow a searcher or other reader to quickly ascertain the subject matter of the technical disclosure, but this abstract is not to be used to interpret or limit the scope or meaning of any claim.
Claims 1. A mounting system, comprising: at least one rail; a plurality of tracks formed in the rail with opposing jaws defining a slot wherein the opposing jaws are disposed in the at least one rail asymmetrically to the longitudinal axis of the at least one rail; at least one ledge monolithically extending from the rail; and means for connecting the rail to a surface. 2. A mounting system as recited in claim 1, wherein the at least one ledge is shaped for holding a solar panel. 3. A mounting system as recited in claim 2, wherein the at least one ledge extends from the rail at substantially a right angle. 4. A mounting system as recited in claim 1, wherein the connecting means includes at least one coupler. 5. A mounting system as recited in claim 4, wherein the coupler includes an attachment device. 6. A mounting system as recited in claim 5, wherein the attachment device is selected from the group of attachment devices consisting of bolts, nuts, threaded rods, rivets, and screws. 7. A mounting system as recited in claim 6, wherein the coupler includes a clamp. 8. A mounting system as recited in claim 1, wherein the connecting means includes a cleat having at least one hole. 9. A low profile mounting system as recited in claim 1, wherein the connecting means includes a connector. 10. A mounting system as recited in claim 9, wherein the connector is a bolt securable with a nut and slidably insertable into the at least one hole in the cleat, in the plurality of tracks, and in the opposing jaws disposed in the at least one rail. 11. A low profile panel mounting system, comprising: a rail formed with a plurality of ledges; one or more tracks formed in the rail, wherein the one or more tracks includes a slot with opposing jaws; a coupler for demountably connecting one or more frames of the panel to the rail; a plurality of cleats engageable with the rail and to a surface; and at least one connector slidably insertable into the one or more tracks and plurality of cleats. 12. A low profile panel mounting system as recited in claim 1, wherein the plurality ledges monolithically extend at substantially a right angle from the rail. 13. A low profile panel mounting system as recited in claim 11, wherein the plurality of ledges extends in opposing directions from the longitudinal axis of the rail. 14. A low profile panel mounting system as recited in claim 11, wherein the coupler includes an attachment device selected from the group of attachment devices consisting of bolts, nuts, threaded rods, rivets, and screws. 15. A low profile panel mounting system as recited in claim 11, wherein the coupler include one or more clamps. 16. A low profile panel mounting system as recited in claim 15, wherein the one or more clamps is formed with an orifice. 17. A low profile panel mounting system as recited in claim 16, wherein the clamp is a substantially flat plate. 18. A low profile panel mounting system as recited in claim 16, wherein the clamp is a gutter. 19. A low profile panel mounting system as recited in claim 16, wherein the clamp is a U-shaped structure. 20. A low profile panel mounting system as recited in claim 11, wherein the cleat is an L-shaped member formed with at least one bore. 21. A low profile panel mounting system as recited in claim 11, wherein the connector is selected from the group of connectors consisting of bolts, nuts, threaded rods, rivets, and screws. 22. A low profile solar panel mounting system, comprising: a plurality of rails formed with a hollow chamber, wherein the plurality of rails is formed with an upper surface, a lower surface, and connecting walls; a track formed in the plurality of rails, wherein the track includes a slot defined by opposing jaws; a longitudinal cavity formed in the upper surface of the plurality of rails, wherein the longitudinal cavity is shaped to receive an attachment device; means for connecting the plurality of rails to the solar panel and to a surface; and a plurality of end plates securable to the plurality of rails. 23. A low profile solar panel mounting system as recited in claim 22, further comprising opposing ledges extending substantially at right angles from the walls in a direction away from the longitudinal axis of the plurality of rails. 24. A low profile solar panel mounting system as recited in claim 22, wherein the track further comprises a receptor member for engaging the attachment device. 25. A low profile solar panel mounting system as recited in claim 24, wherein the receptor member further comprises a groove. 26. A low profile solar panel mounting system as recited in claim 25, wherein the groove further comprises opposing fins for securing an attachment device. 27. A low profile solar panel mounting system as recited in claim 22, wherein the attachment device is selected from the group of attachment devices consisting of bolts, nuts, threaded rods, rivets, and screws. 28. A low profile solar panel mounting system as recited in claim 22, wherein the connecting means includes at least one clamp. 29. A low profile solar panel mounting system as recited in claim 28, wherein the at least one clamp is selected from a group of clamps formed with a hole consisting of plates, U-shaped clamps, and similar clamps. 30. A low profile solar panel mounting system as recited in claim 22, wherein the connecting means includes at least one cleat having at least one bore. 31. A method for manufacturing a system for mounting a solar panel on a surface, comprising: configuring a material into a rail; shaping the rail to include at least one track; including at least one ledge for mounting the solar panel on the rail; providing a coupler for demountably connecting the frame to the rail and for securing the solar panel; equipping the system with a cleat engageable with the rail; and employing a connector that is slidably insertable into the track and cleat. 32. A method for manufacturing a system for mounting a solar panel on a surface as recited in claim 31, wherein the rail shaping step includes the substep of forming the track with a slot having opposing jaws. 33. A method for manufacturing a system for mounting a solar panel on a surface as recited in claim 31, wherein the coupler providing step includes the substeps of: a. selecting an attachment device selected from the group of attachment devices consisting of bolts, nuts, threaded rods, rivets, and screws; and b. and shaping a material into a clamp installable at least on the upper surface of the rail. 34. A method for manufacturing a system for mounting a solar panel on a surface as recited in claim 31, wherein the cleat equipping step includes the substeps of: a. configuring a material into an L-shaped member; b. forming one or more holes in the L-shaped member; and c. including one or more connectors removably insertable in the holes. 