An inflatable electric and hybrid vehicle system, that has the features and accoutrements of traditional automotive vehicles, that is extremely safe, lightweight, inexpensive, compact and energy efficient. The system designed to be shipped by common carrier and then assembled in a few hours with a minimal amount of tools or effort. The vehicle has either an inflatable body or membrane skin with a hybrid-type or electric motor drive train as well as heating and cooling system and inflatable seats. The battery power supply utilizes banks of commonly available batteries charged by a mobile onboard charger, configured to be easily removed with agnostic software and hardware to manage the power source They are also networked via wireless communication to various base stations to allow for monitoring and exchange of battery banks quickly and efficiently.
Claims 1. An inflatable electric and hybrid vehicle system comprising: a body; and at least one seat for passengers and operators ; and at least one vehicle monitoring and control system; and a chassis system; and at least one energy conversion system; and at least one energy storage system; and at least one window; and at least one wheel. 2. The inflatable electric and hybrid vehicle system of claim 1, wherein said body is a membrane structure containing foam or pressurized gas. 3. The inflatable electric and hybrid vehicle system of claim 1, wherein said body is a membrane structure comprising of a multitude of individual cells with one way valves incorporated into each, so that puncture of an individual cell will not effect the integrity of the body structure or shape. 4. The inflatable electric and hybrid vehicle system of claim 1, wherein said body further comprises printed photovoltaic cells that transfer solar energy to the energy storage system. 5. The inflatable electric and hybrid vehicle system of claim 1, wherein said body further comprises a piezo- electric skin that converts vibrational energy to electrical energy for transfer to the energy storage system. 6. The inflatable electric and hybrid vehicle system of claim 1, wherein said seat is inflatable and integrated into the inflatable body structure and further comprises an integrated occupant protecting head restraint system that increases or decreases in pressure and dimensions relative to the vehicle's speed. 7. The inflatable electric and hybrid vehicle system of claim 1, wherein said energy conversion system is either a hybrid power unit or at least one electric motor and the energy storage system is removable and can be charged or discharged remotely from the vehicle. 8. The inflatable electric and hybrid vehicle system of claim 1, wherein said vehicle monitoring system comprises an inflatable dashboard of translucent fabric with a rear projection system displaying information with a user interface that is either touch sensitive or activated by optical tracking methods that functions as a passenger restraining air bag in the event of a collision. 9. The inflatable electric and hybrid vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the vehicle control system further comprises a steering wheel mounted forward of the driver on an armature eliminating the traditional steering column, alleviating the risk of impalement during a collision, that utilizes a drive-by-wire steering control system. 10. The inflatable electric and hybrid vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the body, chassis, seating, and supporting structures are incorporated into an inflatable membrane structure forming an occupant protecting, energy damping and absorbing envelope structure that surrounds and protects the occupants during a collision. 11. The inflatable electric and hybrid vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the energy storage system is encased and surrounded by a polymer based radiation shielding housing that is explosion-proof, fire resistant, and incorporates a fire suppressant system. 12. The inflatable electric and hybrid vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the energy storage system further comprises a communication device either wireless or web based device capable of running diagnostics, updating the system's bios, or locating charging stations, battery sources or fuel depots. 13. The inflatable electric and hybrid vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the energy storage system comprises either a multi -battery modular power supply or a plurality of commonly available batteries arranged in a bank that can be installed or removed easily as individual batteries or as modular units without disengaging the charging circuit. 14. The inflatable electric and hybrid vehicle system of claim 1, wherein said energy storage system further comprises a fiber optic sensor that monitors the external dimensions of the batteries and will disengage said batteries from the circuit to prevent explosions. 15. The inflatable electric and hybrid vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the inflatable body acts as a suspension system and shock absorber without the need of traditional suspension components. 16. The inflatable electric and hybrid vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the body components further comprise several seamless 3d weave 10+ PSI sleeved tubes sealed by a metal or composite clamp at each end to form a H-shaped structural element for supporting weight and dampening shock. 17. The inflatable electric and hybrid vehicle system of claim 1, wherein said wheel is collapsible by either iris-ing or by spoke removal allowing for easy transportation 18. The inflatable electric and hybrid vehicle system of claim 1, wherein each of the inflatable electric and hybrid vehicle system components are of sufficient dimensions and weight to be collapsed and shipped in boxes acceptable by common carriers and assembled with minimum amount of effort and skill. 19. The inflatable electric and hybrid vehicle system of claim 1, wherein said energy storage system utilizes an agnostic algorithm that is self testing, self sensing capable of monitoring the system's batteries. 20. The inflatable electric and hybrid vehicle system of claim 1, wherein said energy storage system utilizes artificial intelligence in an agnostic algorithm that is self testing, self sensing capable of monitoring the system's batteries. 