A mobile display system (1) and method which utilizes a plurality of light emitting diodes (LED's) (29) to create a display (6) located on a side (3 and/or 30) and/or rear section (5) and/or front section (44) of a vehicle (2). The vehicle (2) has a first side (3), a second side (30), a rear section (5), a front section (44), a bottom section (33) and a top section (4). A means for powering (37) the at least one display (6) may be batteries (38), at least one generator (39), the motor (40) of the vehicle (2), solar panels (43) and other power supply means.
Claims 1. A mobile display system comprising: a vehicle having a first side, a second side, a front section and a bottom section; said first side is connected along a first edge of said bottom section; said second side is connected along a second edge of said bottom section; at least one display secured to said first side; said at least one display having a plurality of light emitting diodes; and a means for powering said at least one display. 2. The mobile display system of claim 1 wherein: said means for powering said at least one display is at least one battery. 3. The mobile display system of claim 1 wherein: said means for powering said at least one display is at least one generator. 4. The mobile display system of claim 1 wherein: said means for powering said at least one display is a vehicle engine. 5. The mobile display system of claim 1 wherein: said means for powering said at least one display is at least one solar panel. 6. The mobile display system claim 1 further comprising: a rear section secured to said first side and said second side; and a top section secured to said first side and said second side such that said top section is a predetermined distance from said bottom section. 7. The mobile display system of claim 6 further comprising: at least one display secured to said rear section; and a means for powering said at least one display secured to said rear section. 8. The mobile display system of claim 1 further comprising: at least one computer connected to said at least one display for permitting a user to change said at least one display. 9. The mobile display system of claim 7 further comprising: at least one computer connected to said at least one display for permitting a user to change said at least one display. 10. The mobile display system of claim 8 wherein: said at least one computer to said at least one display connection is wired to permit a user to change said at least one display. 11. The mobile display system of claim 9 wherein: said at least one computer to said at least one display connection is wired to permit a user to change said at least one display. 12. The mobile display system of claim 8 wherein: said at least one computer to said at least one display connection is wireless to permit a user to change said at least one display. 13. The mobile display system of claim 9 wherein: said at least one computer to said at least one display connection is wireless to permit a user to change said at least one display. 14. The mobile display system of claim 1 further comprising: at least one speaker mounted to said first side. 15. The mobile display system of claim 6 further comprising: at least one camera secured to said rear section; and at least one monitor for said at least one camera. 16. The mobile display system of claim 15 further comprising: at least alarm for indicating when said rear section is adjacent to an object. 17. The mobile display system of claim 1 further comprising: at least one display secured to said vehicle front section; said at least one display secured to said vehicle front section having a plurality of light emitting diodes; and a means for powering said at least one display secured to said vehicle front section. 18. A mobile display system comprising: a vehicle having a first side, a second side, a front section and a bottom section; said first side is connected along a first edge of said bottom section; said second side is connected along a second edge of said bottom section; a rear section secured to said first side and said second side; at least one display secured to said rear section; said at least one display having a plurality of light emitting diodes; and a means for powering said at least one display. 19. The mobile display system of claim 18 further comprising: at least one computer connected to said at least one display for permitting a user to change said at least one display. 20. The mobile display system of claim 19 wherein: said at least one computer to said at least one display connection is wired to permit a user to change said at least one display. 21. The mobile display system of claim 19 wherein: said at least one computer to said at least one display connection is wireless to permit a user to change said at least one display. 22. The mobile display system of claim 18 wherein: said means for powering said at least one display is at least one battery. 23. The mobile display system of claim 18 wherein: said means for powering said at least one display is at least one generator. 24. The mobile display system of claim 18 wherein: said means for powering said at least one display is a vehicle engine. 25. The mobile display system of claim 18 further comprising: at least one speaker mounted to said first side. 26. The mobile display system of claim 18 further comprising: at least one camera secured to said rear section; and at least one monitor for said at least one camera. 27. The mobile display system of claim 26 further comprising: at least alarm for indicating when said rear section is adjacent to an object. 28. The mobile display system of claim 18 further comprising: at least one display secured to said vehicle front section; said at least one display secured to said vehicle front section having a plurality of light emitting diodes; and a means for powering said at least one display secured to said vehicle front section. 29. A mobile display system comprising: a vehicle having a first side, a second side, a front section and a bottom section; said first side is connected along a first edge of said bottom section; said second side is connected along a second edge of said bottom section; a rear section secured to said first side and said second side; a top section secured to said first side and said second side such that said top section is a predetermined distance from said bottom section; at least one display secured to said first side; at least one display secured to said rear section; said at least one display secured to said first side having a plurality of light emitting diodes; said at least one display secured to said rear section having a plurality of light emitting diodes; at least one computer connected to said at least one display for permitting a user to change said at least one display; a means for powering said at least one display on said first side; and a means for powering said at least one display secured to said rear section. 30. The mobile display system of claim 28 wherein: said at least one computer to said at least one display connection is wired to permit a user to change said at least one display. 31. The mobile display system of claim 28 wherein: said at least one computer to said at least one display connection is wireless to permit a user to change said at least one display. 32. The mobile display system of claim 28 further comprising: at least one speaker mounted to said first side. 33. The mobile display system of claim 28 further comprising: at least one camera secured to said rear section; and at least one monitor for said at least one camera. 34. The mobile display system of claim 32 further comprising: at least alarm for indicating when said rear section is adjacent to an object. 35. The mobile display system of claim 28 further comprising: at least one display secured to said vehicle front section; said at least one display secured to said vehicle front section having a plurality of light emitting diodes; and a means for powering said at least one display secured to said vehicle front section. 36. A method for showing a display on a mobile display system comprising a vehicle having a first side, a second side, a front section and a bottom section; said first side is connected along a first edge of said bottom section; said second side is connected along a second edge of said bottom section; at least one display secured to said first side; said at least one display having a plurality of light emitting diodes; and a means for powering said at least one display, said method comprising the steps of: a. turning on said means for powering to provide power to said at least one display; and b. activating said at least one display. 37. A method for showing a display on a mobile display system comprising a vehicle having a first side, a second side, a front section and a bottom section; said first side is connected along a first edge of said bottom section; said second side is connected along a second edge of said bottom section; a rear section secured to said first side and said second side; at least one display secured to said rear section; said at least one display having a plurality of light emitting diodes; and a means for powering said at least one display, said method comprising the steps of: a. turning on said means for powering to provide power to said at least one display; and b. activating said at least one display. 38. A method for showing a display on a mobile display system comprising a vehicle having a first side, a second side, a front section and a bottom section; said first side is connected along a first edge of said bottom section; said second side is connected along a second edge of said bottom section; a rear section secured to said first side and said second side; a top section secured to said first side and said second side such that said top section is a predetermined distance from said bottom section; at least one display secured to said first side; at least one display secured to said rear section; said at least one display secured to said first side having a plurality of light emitting diodes; said at least one display secured to said rear section having a plurality of light emitting diodes; at least one computer connected to said at least one display for permitting a user to change said at least one display; a means for powering said at least one display on said first side; and a means for powering said at least one display secured to said rear section, said method comprising the steps of: a. turning on said means for powering to provide power to said at least one display; and b. activating said at least one display. 