A mounting support for mounting photovoltaic modules constructed with at least one glass pane on a flat roof surface includes a flexible elongated strip having a bottom side with a substantially smooth surface for attachment to the roof surface and a top side with a substantially smooth surface for supporting the photovoltaic modules. The top side of the strip includes recesses oriented perpendicular to the longitudinal direction of the strip and separating strip segments which allows the mounting support or strip to be easily rolled up. The strip segments include integrally formed fastening members configured to engage with cooperating fasteners for securing the photovoltaic modules on top side of the strip. The top surface may also include longitudinal grooves or tubes holding the fastening members.
Claims 1. A mounting support for mounting photovoltaic modules constructed with at least one glass pane on a flat roof surface, comprising: a flexible elongated strip configured to be wound and unwound in a longitudinal direction of the strip, wherein a bottom side of the strip has a substantially smooth surface for attachment to the roof surface and a top side of the strip has a substantially smooth surface for receiving the photovoltaic modules, and fastening members arranged in the top side of the strip with a predetermined spacing therebetween in the longitudinal direction and forming an integral component of the strip, wherein the fastening members are configured to engage with cooperating fasteners for securing the photovoltaic modules on top side of the strip. 2. The mounting support of claim 1, wherein the bottom side of the strip is attached to the roof surface with an adhesive, or longitudinal edges of the bottom side of the strip are welded to the roof surface. 3. The mounting support of claim 1, wherein the top side of the strip comprises recesses oriented perpendicular to the longitudinal direction of the strip, with the recesses separating corresponding strip segments, and wherein the fastening members are arranged in a part of the strip segments. 4. The mounting support of claim 1, wherein the top side of the strip comprises grooves oriented in the longitudinal direction of the strip and forming ribs therebetween, and wherein the fastening members are arranged in at least part of the ribs. 5. The mounting support of claim 4, wherein the top side of the strip has between 2 and 10 grooves, forming between 3 and 11 corresponding ribs. 6. The mounting support of claim 1, wherein the top side of the strip comprises a plurality of tubes, and wherein the fastening members are each arranged in at least one of the tubes. 7. The mounting support of claim 6, wherein the tubes form in cross section a hexagonal honeycomb pattern. 8. The mounting support of claim 1, wherein the strip has a width between 100 mm and 200 mm. 9. The mounting support of claim 1, wherein the strip has a length between 5 m and 12 m when unwound. 10. The mounting support of claim 1, wherein the predetermined spacing is between 60 cm and 100 cm. 11. The mounting support of claim 1, wherein the predetermined spacing is 62.5 cm. 12. The mounting support of claim 1, wherein the fastening member comprises at least one member selected from the group consisting of a sleeve, a clamp, a spring, and a clip. 13. The mounting support of claim 1, wherein the fastening member arranged in the top side comprises an undercut, a hook, a dovetail, or a combination thereof. 14. The mounting support of claim 1, wherein the strip is constructed as a two-layer sandwich structure, with the bottom side configured for attachment to the roof surface and the top side having transverse recesses, longitudinal grooves or tubes formed therein. 15. The mounting support of claim 3, wherein the recesses have a trapezoidal or triangular section. 16. The mounting support of claim 4, wherein the grooves have a trapezoidal or triangular section. 17. The mounting support of claim 3, wherein the fastening members are arranged at a center of a strip segment. 18. The mounting support of claim 4, wherein the fastening members are arranged in a rib centrally located along the strip. 19. The mounting support of claim 6, wherein the fastening members are arranged in a centrally located tube. 20. The mounting support of claim 1, further comprising a second mounting support arranged intermediate adjacent strips, with the strips and the second mounting support both attached to the roof surface in parallel in an unwound configuration. 21. The mounting support of claim 20, wherein the second mounting support is attached to the roof surface with an adhesive, or longitudinal edges of the second mounting support are welded to the roof surface. 