The system contains a plurality of elongated conduit. A height dimension of the elongated conduit is substantially less than a width dimension of the elongated conduit. A plurality of connecting elements is connected between the elongated conduits establishing a fluid path through the elongated conduit. A fluid is captured within the elongated conduit.
Claims 1. A system for collecting thermal energy, the system comprising: a plurality of elongated conduit, wherein a height dimension of the elongated conduit is substantially less than a width dimension of the elongated conduit; a plurality of connecting elements between the elongated conduit establishing a fluid path through the elongated conduit; and a fluid captured within the elongated conduit. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the height dimension of the elongated conduit is approximately less than 0.25 inches. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the elongated conduit are mounted to a top of a structure approximately immediately beneath a plurality of shingles. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the elongated conduit further comprises a pair of wings formed on opposite sides of the elongated conduit, thereby extending a width dimension of the elongated conduit. 5. The system of claim 1, further comprising: an opening formed in an underside of at least one of the elongated conduits; and a connector mounted to the elongated conduit at the opening, wherein the connector approximately forms a right angle with the elongated conduit. 6. The system of claim 5, further comprising a deflector plate formed at least partially within the elongated conduit proximate to the opening. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the height dimension of the elongated conduit is approximately less than 0.2 inches and the width dimension is at least approximately 1 inch. 8. The system of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of approximately flat support straps mounted about the plurality of elongated conduit and connected to a building structure. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the elongated conduit are mounted to a side of a structure approximately immediately behind a plurality of siding panels. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the elongated conduit are mounted approximately immediately beneath a flooring structure. 11. A method of collecting thermal energy, said method comprising the steps of: mounting a plurality of elongated conduit along a building structure, wherein a height dimension of the elongated conduit is substantially less than a width dimension of the elongated conduit; connecting the plurality of the elongated conduit to establish a fluid path through the elongated conduit; and pumping a fluid along the fluid path. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the step of mounting the plurality of elongated conduit along the building structure further comprises mounting the plurality of elongated conduit along the building structure with a plurality of approximately flat support straps. 13. The method of claim 11, further comprising the step of mounting a plurality of shingles along one side of the elongated conduit. 14. The method of claim 11, further comprising the step of mounting a plurality of vinyl siding panels along one side of the elongated conduit. 15. The method of claim 11, further comprising the steps of: collecting solar heat with a pair of thermally conductive wings formed along opposing sides of the elongated conduit; and thermally transferring the collected solar heat to the fluid. 16. The method of claim 11, further comprising the step of mounting a fluid connector to the elongated conduit at an approximately perpendicular angle to the elongated conduit. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising the step of mounting a fluid deflector within the elongated conduit proximate to the fluid connector. 18. The method of claim 11, further comprising the step of mounting an underlayer between the building structure and the elongated conduit thereby protecting the elongated conduit from an abrasive exterior to the building structure. 