Devices and methods for collecting solar energy using photovoltaic material are disclosed.
Claims 1-81. (canceled) 82. A solar collecting device, comprising an array of rod lenses arranged side by side; and a PV strip disposed on each of the rod lenses. 83. The solar collecting device of claim 82, further including a drive for rotating each of the rod lenses as the sun's apparent position changes, wherein the rotation of the rod lenses is adapted for maintaining a collection area of the PV strips facing the direction of the sun. 84. The solar collecting device of claim 83, further including disposing a cleaning strip adjacent each surface of the rod lenses for cleaning the surface of the rod lenses as the rod lenses are rotated to follow the sun. 85. The solar collecting device of claim 82, wherein the solar collecting device is devoid of an opaque lower substrate, thereby making the solar collection device essentially translucent to a nearby observer. 86. The solar collecting device of claim 85, wherein the rod lenses are suspended above a mounting surface by a support frame. 87. The solar collecting device of claim 82, wherein the solar collection device is devoid of an active cooling element. 88. The solar collecting device of claim 82, wherein the solar collection device is configured such that ambient air freely passes over opposed sides of the rod lenses to thereby cool the lenses during solar energy collection. 89. The solar collecting device of claim 82, wherein the solar collecting device is translucent and suspended from a structure by a frame. 90. The solar collecting device of claim 82, wherein a transparent cover is disposed over, below, or on both top and bottom of the rod lenses. 91. The solar collecting device of claim 82, wherein the PV material is made separately and then adhered to a rod by an adhesive, or formed directly onto the rods in the form of a strip, via vapor deposition or other manufacturing means. 92. The solar collecting device of claim 91, wherein the PV strips are adhered to a groove formed in the rods, the groove formed by grinding a groove equal in width as the PV strip at the bottom of the rod and then placing the PV strip inside the groove such that the PV strip does not extend beyond the outer diameter of the rods. 93. The solar collecting device of claim 82, further including a frame having mounting posts for consumer installation of the device to or near a window frame, and a deployable portion that allows the rods to be selectively placed over or withdrawn from the window. 94. The solar collecting device of claim 91, wherein the device is placed within a double-pane window. 95. The solar collecting device of claim 91, wherein the device further includes one or more of a coupled motor drive, support ends configured to suspend the device from a window frame, and cleaning brushes configured to self-clean the rods. 96. The solar collecting device of claim 95, wherein the device is a dynamic device and the rotary motor drive is configured to provide rotation of the rods, while being suspended on or adjacent to a window, for following the sun's apparent path. 97. The solar collecting device of claim 96, where in the window is orientated to face substantially towards south. 98. The solar collecting device of claim 82, wherein the device is configured for being mounted on a rooftop. 99. The solar collecting device of claim 82, wherein each rod includes a portion of a pattern, message or color such that when the rods are placed in aggregate the rods together present a pattern, message or color. 100. The solar collecting device of claim 82, where in the pattern, message or color is presented to an observer during a portion of the day and in relation to the sun's apparent position in the sky. 101. The solar collecting device of claim 82, wherein the rods are circular in cross-section with cut-outs along the un-used lens portions to reduce weight and/or enhance translucency of the lens. 102. The solar collecting device of claim 101, wherein the cut-outs are arranged to create TIR and increase the concentration ratio by a factor of 2. 103. The solar collecting device of claim 102, the PV strips including a current conducting grid, wherein a TIR reflector, reflector and/or lens element is located in operative proximity to the grid so as to direct solar energy away form the grid and towards the PV material. 104. The solar collecting device of claim 82, wherein the solar collection device further includes a rotation mechanism adapted for rotating the panel about an axis normal to a collection plane. 105. The solar collecting device of claim 104, wherein the rods are fixed relative to each other and rotation about the axis maintains a PV material orientation such that focused light is received on the PV material over a range of rotation angles about the axis. 106. The solar collecting device of claim 104, wherein a perimeter of the device is circular. 107. The solar collecting device of claim 104, further including a plurality of circular-shaped solar collecting modules comprising the device, arranged to rotate in unison about an axis normal to a collection plane. 108. The solar collecting device of claim 104, wherein the mechanism is coupled to a central axis for each device and configured to apply a torque about the axis as the sun's apparent position in the sky changes, the mechanism including a sun sensing device and logic adapted for imparting a torque suitable for rotationally displacing the device so as to place the PV material in a sun-facing direction as the sun's apparent position in the sky changes. 109. The solar collecting device of claim 82, wherein the panel is a dynamic panel including a mechanism coupled to each rod and configured to apply a torque about one end of each rod as the sun's apparent position in the sky changes, the mechanism including a sun sensing device and logic adapted for imparting a torque suitable for rotationally displacing rods based on a sensed change in the sun's apparent position in the sky. 110. The solar collecting device of claim 82, further including sweepers disposed between each of the rods and configured such that as the rods turn, the sweepers clean the surface of the rods. 111. A solar collection device, comprising a concentrator having an exposure area; and PV material having a collection area; wherein the collection area is greater than the exposure area. 112. The solar collection device of claim 111, wherein the concentrator is a rod lens. 113. The solar collection device of claim 111, wherein the exposure area receives refracted light. 114. A non-tracking solar collection system, comprising: concentrators positioned relative to PV material such that at least a portion of the light collected by the concentrators is directed at PV material, wherein the acceptance angle for the solar collection device is such that the at least a portion of the collected light directed at PV material is approximately constant as the sun's apparent position changes. 115. The non-tracking solar collection device of claim 114, further including a means for increasing the acceptance angle including configuring the concentrators for rotational displacement as the sun's position changes. 116. The non-tracking solar collection device of claim 115, wherein the PV material rotates with the concentrator. 117. The non-tracking solar collection device of claim 11 6, wherein the concentrator approximates a cylindrical lens formed as a rod. 118. A method for increasing the acceptance angle for a solar panel, the solar panel including a plurality of concentrators and corresponding PV material configured to receive focused light from the concentrators, the method including the step of rotating each of the concentrators about their lens axes as the sun's position in the sky changes. 