A system for reducing thermal energy in the interior of an unoccupied vehicle includes an energy source, a temperature sensor, and a control unit which triggers the system in response to satisfaction of conditions. The conditions include the temperature of the passenger compartment being greater than a target temperature and the vehicle engine not running. A fan configured to selectively bring ambient air into the passenger compartment is powerable by the energy source and circulates ambient air through the passenger compartment in response to the control unit. The energy source may include a solar panel or another source characterized by absence of energy derived from the vehicle engine, and excess energy may be distributed to an energy storage device. A seat ventilation fan may operate concurrently with the fan or an HVAC. A method of reducing thermal energy in the interior of a parked vehicle is also provided.
Claims 1. A system for reducing thermal energy in a passenger compartment of an unoccupied vehicle while a vehicle engine is not running, comprising: an energy source; a temperature sensor in thermal communication with the passenger compartment and configured to output a signal representing the temperature of the passenger compartment; a control unit configured to generate a command signal in response to satisfaction of predetermined conditions including: the temperature of the passenger compartment being greater than a predetermined target temperature, and the vehicle engine not running; and a fan in fluid communication with ambient air outside the passenger compartment and configured to selectively bring ambient air into the passenger compartment in response to said command signal from said control unit, wherein said fan is powerable by said energy source. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein said energy source includes a solar panel. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein said fan is part of a heating, ventilation, and air conditioning system, such that the ambient air is in fluid communication with said heating, ventilation, and air conditioning system. 4. The system of claim 3, further comprising: a passenger seat; and a seat ventilation fan configured to move air in the passenger compartment into heat exchange relationship with said passenger seat in response to said command signal from said control unit, wherein said seat ventilation fan is powerable by said energy source. 5. The system of claim 4, further comprising: an energy storage device configured to store energy provided by said energy source; and an energy distribution unit configured to selectively divide energy provided by said energy source between said energy storage device, said fan, and said seat ventilation fan. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein said energy source is characterized by an absence of energy derived from the vehicle engine. 7. The system of claim 6, further comprising: a voltmeter configured to measure the potential of said energy source; and wherein said predetermined conditions further include said energy source having a present potential greater than a predetermined minimum potential. 8. A vehicle configured to selectively reduce thermal energy while parked, comprising: an auxiliary energy source; a temperature sensor in thermal communication with an interior of the vehicle, wherein said temperature sensor outputs an interior temperature signal corresponding to the temperature of said interior; an engine a control unit configured to generate a command signal in response to satisfaction of predetermined conditions including: the temperature of said interior being greater than a predetermined target temperature, and said engine is not running; and a heating, ventilation, and air conditioning module configured to selectively bring ambient air into said interior in response to said command signal from said control unit, wherein said heating, ventilation, and air conditioning module is powerable by said auxiliary energy source. 9. The vehicle of claim 8, wherein said auxiliary energy source includes a solar panel. 10. The vehicle of claim 9, further comprising an occupancy sensor in communication with said control unit and configured to provide a signal indicative of occupancy of the vehicle; and wherein said predetermined conditions further include said interior being unoccupied. 11. The vehicle of claim 10, further comprising: a passenger seat; and a seat ventilation fan configured to move air into heat exchange relationship with said passenger seat in response to said command signal from said control unit, wherein said seat ventilation fan is powered by said auxiliary energy source. 12. The vehicle of claim 11, further comprising: an energy storage device configured to store energy provided by said auxiliary energy source; and an energy distribution unit configured to selectively divide energy provided by said auxiliary energy source between said energy storage device, said vent module, and said seat ventilation fan. 13. The vehicle of claim 12, further comprising: a voltmeter configured to measure the potential of said auxiliary energy source; and wherein said predetermined conditions further include said auxiliary energy source having a present potential greater than a predetermined minimum potential. 14. A method of reducing thermal energy in an interior of a parked vehicle, comprising: sensing whether the vehicle is occupied and whether the vehicle is running; monitoring the temperature of the vehicle interior while the vehicle is not running and is unoccupied; comparing said monitored temperature to a predetermined target temperature; and circulating ambient air through the vehicle interior if said monitored temperature is greater than said predetermined target temperature. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising: powering a heating, ventilation, and air conditioning module with an auxiliary energy supply, wherein said auxiliary energy supply does not derive energy from the vehicle engine; and using said heating, ventilation, and air conditioning module for said circulating ambient air through the vehicle interior. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising: powering a seat ventilation fan with said auxiliary energy supply; and blowing air through a passenger seat with said seat ventilation fan while said heating, ventilation, and air conditioning module is circulating ambient air through the vehicle interior. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein said auxiliary energy supply includes a solar panel. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein said auxiliary energy supply includes an energy storage device. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising selectively distributing power supplied by said solar panel between said heating, ventilation, and air conditioning module, said seat ventilation fan, and said energy storage device. 