In at least some embodiments, an electrical system for a pump includes a power supply and a controller coupled to the power supply, the controller supporting a plurality of pump cycle levels. If a voltage of the power supply drops below a first threshold, the controller automatically causes the pump to operate at a lower pump cycle level
Claims 1. An electrical system for a pump, comprising: a power supply; and a controller coupled to the power supply, the controller supporting a plurality of pump cycle levels, wherein, if a voltage of the power supply drops below a first threshold, the controller automatically causes the pump to operate at a lower pump cycle level. 2. The electrical system of claim 1 wherein, if the voltage rises above the first threshold, the controller automatically causes the pump to operate at a default pump cycle level. 3. The electrical system of claim 2 wherein the default pump cycle level is dynamically selected by a user. 4. The electrical system of claim 3 further comprising a user interface coupled to the controller, the user interface enables a user to dynamically select the default pump cycle level. 5. The electrical system of claim 1 wherein, if the voltage of the power supply drops below a second threshold, the controller automatically causes the pump to operate at a minimum pump cycle level. 6. The electrical system of claim 4 wherein, if the voltage of the power supply drops below a third threshold, the controller automatically causes the pump to turn off. 7. The electrical system of claim 1 wherein each pump cycle level corresponds to a predetermined number of on/off cycles within a time period. 8. The electrical system of claim 7 wherein a duty cycle for each on/off cycle can be adjusted based on user input. 9. The electrical system of claim 1 further comprising indicators that indicate a default pump cycle level and a current pump cycle level to a user. 10. The electrical system of claim 1 wherein the power supply is rechargeable. 11. The electrical system of claim 10 wherein the power supply comprises a battery. 12. The electrical system of claim 10 further comprising a solar panel that recharges the power supply. 13. The electrical system of claim 1 further comprising an electric motor coupled to the controller, wherein the controller selectively directs the electric motor to provide the plurality of pump cycle levels. 14. A method for controlling a pump, the method comprising: monitoring a power supply voltage; and if the power supply voltage drops below a first predetermined threshold, automatically operating the pump at a lower pump cycle level to reduce power consumption of the pump. 15. The method of claim 14 further comprising, if the voltage drops below a second predetermined threshold, automatically operating the pump at a minimum pump cycle level. 16. The method of claim 14 further comprising, if the voltage drops below a third predetermined threshold, automatically turning off the pump. 17. The method of claim 14 further comprising operating at a default pump cycle level whenever the voltage is greater than the first predetermined threshold. 18. The method of claim 17 further comprising dynamically selecting the default pump cycle level. 19. The method of claim 14 further comprising operating the pump, for each of a plurality of power supply voltage thresholds, at a predetermined number of on/off cycles per time period and a predetermined duty cycle for each on/off cycle. 20. The method of claim 14 further comprising controlling an electric motor to operate the pump and recharging a power supply for the pump using a solar panel. 