The method for forming the optimal characteristic curve of a solar cell comprises the steps of: providing a first acceptable error; and determining a current-voltage polynomial regression equation, whose square root of the residual sum of square is less than the first acceptable error for a set of solar cell measured data. The order of the current-voltage polynomial regression equation is gradually increased until the square root of the residual sum of square of the current-voltage polynomial regression equation is less than the first acceptable error.
Claims 1. A method for forming an optimal characteristic curve of a solar cell, comprising the steps of: providing a first allowable error; and determining a current-voltage polynomial regression equation in accordance with measured data of the solar cell, wherein the curve-fitting error of the current-voltage polynomial regression equation is smaller than the first allowable error. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the determining step includes the step of increasing the power of the current-voltage polynomial regression equation until the curve-fitting error is smaller than the first allowable error. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the power of the current-voltage polynomial regression equation is smaller than 20. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the determining step includes the step of selecting a current-voltage polynomial regression equation with a minimal curve-fitting error from all calculated current-voltage polynomial regression equations. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising the steps of: utilizing the current-voltage polynomial regression equation to calculate characteristic parameters including open voltage and short current in accordance with the current-voltage polynomial regression equation; utilizing the current-voltage polynomial regression equation to determine a power-voltage polynomial regression equation; and utilizing the power-voltage polynomial regression equation to determine a maximal power voltage, maximal power and maximal power current. 6. The method of claim 5, further comprising the steps of: utilizing the characteristic parameters to conduct a dimensionless analysis on the measured data of the solar cell; providing a second allowable error; determining a dimensionless current-voltage polynomial regression equation in accordance with the result of the dimensionless analysis, wherein the curve-fitting error of the dimensionless current-voltage polynomial regression equation is smaller than the second allowable error; and utilizing the dimensionless current-voltage polynomial regression equation to calculate temperature parameters. 7. The method of claim 6, further comprising the steps of: finding two sets of data related to short current and voltage corresponding to the short current at different illumination conditions; and calculating an internal equivalent in-series resistance. 8. The method of claim 7, further comprising the steps of: utilizing the temperature parameters and internal equivalent in-series resistance to transform the measured data and/or characteristic parameters of the solar cell into a standard test condition. 9. The method of claim 1, further comprising the steps of: finding two sets of data related to short current and voltage corresponding to the short current at different illumination conditions; and calculating an internal equivalent in-series resistance. 10. A method for forming an optimal characteristic curve of a solar cell, comprising the steps of: providing a first allowable error; and determining a current-voltage polynomial regression equation with a minimal curve-fitting error from all current-voltage polynomial regression equations with curve-fitting errors smaller than the first allowable error; calculating characteristic parameters including open voltage and short current; estimating a power-voltage polynomial regression equation; and estimating maximal power voltage, maximal power and maximal power current. 11. The method of claim 10, further comprising the steps of: utilizing the characteristic parameters to conduct a dimensionless analysis on the measured data of the solar cell; providing a second allowable error; determining a dimensionless current-voltage polynomial regression equation in accordance with the result of the dimensionless analysis, wherein the curve-fitting error of the dimensionless current-voltage polynomial regression equation is smaller than the second allowable error; and utilizing the dimensionless current-voltage polynomial regression equation to calculate temperature parameters. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising the steps of: finding two sets of data related to short current and voltage corresponding to the short current at different illumination conditions; and calculating an internal equivalent in-series resistance. 13. The method of claim 12, further comprising the steps of: utilizing the temperature parameters and internal equivalent in-series resistance to transform the measured data and/or characteristic parameters of the solar cells into a standard test condition. 14. A system of forming an optimal characteristic curve of a solar cell, comprising: a current-voltage polynomial regression module configured to determine polynomial regression equations with errors smaller than an allowable error in accordance with measured data of the solar cell; a characteristic parameter calculation module configured to calculate characteristic parameters including open voltage and short current in accordance with the current-voltage polynomial regression equations; a temperature coefficient calculation module configured to calculate temperature coefficients on the basis of the relationship of dimensionless characteristic parameters and temperature as well as illumination, wherein the dimensionless characteristic parameters are determined by conducting a dimensionless analysis on the measured data of the solar cell in accordance with the characteristic parameters; an internal in-series resistance calculation module configured to calculate internal in-series resistance in accordance with the short current and voltage corresponding to the short current at different illumination conditions; and a characteristic parameter transformation module configured to transform the measured data and/or characteristic parameters of the solar cell into a standard test condition. 15. The system of claim 14, further comprising; a memory unit configured to store data of the current-voltage polynomial regression module, characteristic parameter calculation module, temperature coefficient calculation module, internal in-series resistance calculation module and characteristic parameter transformation module; and a processing module coupled to the memory unit for executing instructions. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the memory unit includes volatile memory and non-volatile memory. 17. The system of claim 15, wherein the processing unit is a micro-controller or a microprocessor. 18. The system of claim 14, further comprising an output device selected from one of a monitor and a printer. 19. The system of claim 14, further comprising an input device for storing measured data of the solar cell. 20. The system of claim 19, wherein the input device is a hard disk, optical storage device or a register. 