The flashing stern light for boats includes an elongated tubular base, a light source housing mounted on top of the base, a light source disposed inside the housing, an array of light emitting elements disposed along a length of the base, and wiring adapted to operative connect to a power source and/or control, wherein the array of light emitting elements flash sequentially in a pattern to thereby draw attention to the light source, warn and emphasize proximity and presence of the boat. The flashing lights enhances visibility of the boat at night and in reduced visibility conditions.
Claims 1. A flashing stern light for boats, comprising: an elongated base adapted for detachable mounting to the stern of a boat, the base having a top and bottom; a primary light source housing disposed at the top of the base; a primary light source disposed in the housing; an array of selectively actuatable secondary light sources disposed below the housing; and wiring connecting both the primary and secondary light sources to a power source and/or control; wherein the secondary light sources are selectively actuated in a predetermined sequence of patterns to draw attention to the primary light source and the boat's proximity so that potential collision may be averted. 2. The flashing stern light for boats according to claim 1, wherein the primary light source housing is transparent and configured to permit 360.degree. emission of light. 3. The flashing stern light for boats according to claim 1, wherein the primary light source is a globe bulb emitting white light. 4. The flashing stern light for boats according to claim 1, wherein the array of secondary light sources further comprises: a substantially rectangular mounting bracket, and a plurality of secondary light sources arranged on the mounting bracket. 5. The flashing stern light for boats according to claim 4, wherein the secondary light sources are LEDs. 6. The flashing stern light for boats according to claim 4, wherein the secondary light sources are discrete light emitting elements. 7. The flashing stern light for boats according to claim 4, wherein the secondary light sources emit colored light. 8. The flashing stern light for boats according to claim 1, wherein the power source is selected from the group of boat electrical power, separate battery or solar energy. 