The invention provides an apparatus for diarizing the performance of janitorial services that includes an electronic display unit for indicating when a service was last completed and an input device for signalling when the display is to be updated. The apparatus can include a chassis mountable on a wall of a facility being maintained by a janitorial service, and at least one electronic display framed by a window on said chassis, said chassis for displaying a time when said facility was last maintained. The apparatus can also include a central processing unit connected to said display and for updating the display based on a user-input received from an input device that is mounted to said chassis and connected to the central processing unit. The input device is actuated at a time that is substantially coterminous when said facility was last maintained.
Claims 1-23. (canceled) 24. An apparatus for maintaining janitorial services information at a facility comprising: a chassis mountable on a wall of said facility being periodically cleaned by a janitorial service; at least one electronic display on said chassis, said display for displaying a time substantially coterminous with a time when said facility was last cleaned; a central processing unit (CPU), memory and a clock connected to said display and for updating said display based on a user providing a user-input received from an input device connected to said central processing unit, said user-input being received at a time substantially coterminous with said time when said facility was last cleaned and said user-input identifying said user; and said memory storing a log of the time of said user-input and the identity of said user; and, said display displaying said time substantially coterminous with said time when said facility was last cleaned, until said time is changed by receipt of a subsequent user-input. 25. The apparatus according to claim 24 further comprising an antenna connected to a modem-radio unit which in turn is connected to said CPU, said modem-radio unit operable to communicate with at least one wireless-enabled remote computing device for uploading of the log stored in the memory. 26. The apparatus according to claim 24 further comprising a data communication port connected to said CPU, said communication port unit operable to communicate with at least one remote computing device for uploading the log stored in the memory. 27. The apparatus according to claim 24 further comprising an additional display for displaying a message relevant to said facility. 28. The apparatus according to claim 27 wherein said message includes a trademark belonging to at least one of said facility and a cleaning services company contracted to maintain said facility. 29. The apparatus according to claim 27 wherein said facility is a public transportation depot and said additional display is operable to display departure and arrival information of transportation vehicles associated with said depot. 30. The apparatus according to claim 24 wherein said input device is selected from the group consisting of: a lock-switch, ibutton, a magnetic card reader, an RF tag reader, a barcode reader, a wireless device, a cellular phone and any combination thereof. 31. The apparatus according to claim 25 wherein said remote computing device is operable to update said clock. 32. The apparatus according to claim 26 wherein said remote computing device is operable to update said clock. 33. The apparatus according to claim 24 further comprising a self-contained power-supply within said apparatus. 34. The apparatus according to claim 33 wherein said self-contained power supply further comprises a solar panel. 35. An apparatus for maintaining periodic servicing information at a facility comprising: a chassis mountable on a wall of said facility being periodically cleaned by a service provider; at least one electronic display on said chassis, said display for displaying a time substantially coterminous with a time when said facility was last serviced; a central processing unit (CPU), memory and a clock connected to said display and for updating said display based on said service provider providing a user-input received from an input device connected to said central processing unit, said user-input being received at a time substantially coterminous with said time when said facility was last serviced and said user-input identifying said service provider; and said memory storing a log of the time of said user-input and the identity of said service provider; and, said display displaying said time substantially coterminous with said time when said facility was last serviced, until said time is changed by receipt of a subsequent user-input. 36. The apparatus of claim 35, further comprising an additional display for displaying messages. 37. The apparatus of claim 35, wherein said user-input is received from an input device, said input device being selected from the group consisting of: a lock-switch, ibutton, a magnetic card reader, an RF tag reader, a barcode reader, a wireless device, a cellular phone and any combination thereof. 38. The apparatus of claim 35, further comprising a wireless communications unit connected to said CPU, said wireless communications unit operable to communicate with at least one remote computing device for uploading the log stored in the memory. 39. The apparatus of claim 38, wherein said uploading of said log occurs at a time substantially coterminous with when said input device is actuated. 40. The apparatus of claim 38, wherein said remote computing device is a server capable of monitoring multiple instances of said apparatus. 41. A method of maintaining service information at a facility comprising the steps of: a) providing a device with a display at said facility, said display operative to display a time substantially coterminous with a time when said facility was last serviced; b) updating said display automatically on receipt of a user-input, said user-input being substantially coterminous with said time when said facility was last serviced and identifying a service provider; c) displaying the time until such time is changed by a re-occurrence of step b); and, d) maintaining a log of said times and service provider identities in said device. 42. The method of claim 41, further including a step of uploading the log to at least one remote computing device. 43. The method of claim 42, wherein said uploading step occurs at a time substantially coterminous with when said facility was last serviced. 44. The method of claim 41, wherein said service information is janitorial service information. 