A solar photovoltaic module including a base member supporting an array of photocells as well as corresponding concentrating lenses and light guides. At least one opaque light shield defines cutouts corresponding to the light guides. The at least one opaque light shield is positioned above the base member and operates to block light incident thereon from reaching portions of the base member. The at least one light shield can be installed with a convex shape that directs condensation away from the cutouts and preferably functions as part of guide channels that guide condensation toward one or more vented hydrophilic members (e.g., sponges and the like), which are preferably disposed at one or both ends of the module.
Claims 1. A solar photovoltaic module, comprising: a housing including a base member having a generally planar support surface, two side panels extending from said base member, and at least one top panel supported by said side panels, said at least one top panel including an array of concentrating lenses; an array of photovoltaic cells corresponding to said array of concentrating lenses and supported by said support surface of said base member; an array of light guides disposed between said array of concentrating lenses and said array of photovoltaic cells, wherein said array of concentrating lenses and said corresponding light guides cooperate to direct light onto said photovoltaic cells; and at least one opaque light shield defining cutouts corresponding to said light guides, said at least one opaque light shield extending between said side panels above said support surface of said base member and blocking light incident thereon from reaching said support surface of said base member. 2. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: said at least one opaque light shield includes a plurality of opaque light shields corresponding to said array of light guides. 3. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: each respective light guide has a top surface with a periphery, and said cutouts of said at least one opaque light shield are defined by edges operably disposed below said top surface of the corresponding light guide. 4. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 3, wherein: said edges extend about the periphery of the corresponding light guide without touching the corresponding light guide. 5. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: said at least one opaque light shield has a reflective top surface. 6. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: said base member has two side walls projecting from said support surface; said side panels are mechanically coupled to said side walls of said base member; and said least one opaque light shield is mechanically coupled to said two side walls of said base member. 7. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 6, wherein: each side wall forms an obtuse angle with respect to said generally planar support surface of said base member. 8. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 6, wherein: said two side walls of said base member comprise a plurality of teeth for engaging said at least one opaque light shield. 9. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: in an installed configuration, said at least one opaque light shield has a concave shape relative to said base member. 10. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: in an installed configuration, said at least one opaque light shield has a convex shape relative to said base member. 11. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 10, wherein: said convex shape of said at least one opaque light shield guides condensation away from said light guides. 12. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 11, wherein: said base member has a first end opposite a second end and defines a length between said first and second ends, said base member including sidewalls extending upward along said length between said first and second ends and cooperating with said convex shape of said at least one opaque light shield for defining channels for guiding condensation toward at least one of said first end and said second end of said base member. 13. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 12, wherein: said channels extend parallel to said sidewalls of said base member. 14. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 12, further comprising: at least one vented hydrophilic member disposed at one or both of said first and second ends of the base member for absorbing condensation guided thereto by said channels. 15. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 14, further comprising: an end panel attached to one or both of said first and second ends of said base member and extending in a transverse direction relative to said side panels, said end panel defining at least one vent opening in communication with said hydrophilic member, said at least one vent opening allowing moisture to escape from said hydrophilic member to ambient air. 16. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: said base member further comprises a plurality of cooling fins extending downward from said support surface of said base member for diffusing heat away from said array of photovoltaic cells. 17. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: said at least one opaque light shield is bendable into a convex or concave shape relative to the support surface of the base member. 18. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: said photovoltaic cells are realized from a semiconductor light-absorbing material. 19. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: said array of concentrator lenses are Fresnel lenses. 20. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: said corresponding array of light guides are prisms. 21. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 20, wherein: said prisms are in the shape of a truncated inverted pyramid. 22. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: said base member further defines at least one recess shaped to receive at least one of said corresponding photovoltaic cells, and said photovoltaic cells are mounted to said recesses by a plurality of adhesive bonds. 23. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: said side panels include a means for adjusting the vertical position of said side panels relative to said base member such that the focal point of said concentrating lenses is moveable to ensure that said concentrating lenses are focused on corresponding light guides. 24. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: said at least one opaque light shield comprises a plurality of overlapping two-part members. 25. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 24, wherein: each given two-part member includes first and second members that extend parallel to one another between said two side panels of said module, said first and second members having cutout portions that define said cutouts corresponding to the light guides of the module. 26. A solar photovoltaic module comprising: a base member having a generally planar support surface and two side walls projecting from said support surface at obtuse angles with respect to said support surface, wherein, said support surface defines at least one recess for receiving a plurality of photovoltaic cells, and comprises a plurality of fins projecting downward from said support surface for diffusing heat away from said photovoltaic cells; two side panels mechanically supported by said two side walls of said base member; at least one top panel supported by said two side panels, said at least one top panel having an integral array of Fresnel lenses; an array of photovoltaic cells mounted to said at least one recess of said base member; an array of prisms corresponding and mounted to said array of photovoltaic cells, wherein each prism includes a top surface and defines a periphery; and a plurality of opaque light shields defining cutouts sized to receive said top surfaces of corresponding prisms, each opaque light shield extending between said side panels above said support surface of said base member, wherein said cutouts are defined by edges disposed below said top surface of the corresponding prism and about said periphery of the corresponding prism without touching the corresponding prism, said plurality of opaque light shields blocking light incident thereon from reaching said support surface of said base member. 27. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 26, wherein: said plurality of opaque light shields comprises a plurality of overlapping two-part members. 28. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 27, wherein: each given two-part member includes first and second members that extend parallel to one another between said two side panels of said module, said first and second members having cutout portions that define the cutouts corresponding to the prisms of the module. 29. A solar photovoltaic system, comprising: at least one photovoltaic module of claim 26 and an electrical power sink electronically coupled to said at least one photovoltaic module. 30. A solar photovoltaic system according to claim 29, wherein: said electrical power sink comprises at least one of a DC/AC inverter. 