Apparatus for monitoring a solar thermal system, the solar thermal system being for recovering heat energy by heating a heat transfer medium, the apparatus including a processing system for determining a flow rate of the heat transfer medium, determining a temperature change for the heat transfer medium, causing data to be stored based on the determined flow rate and the temperature change, the data being at least partially indicative of an amount of heat energy recovered.
Claims 1) Apparatus for monitoring a solar thermal system, the solar thermal system being for recovering heat energy by heating a heat transfer medium, the apparatus including a processing system for: a) determining a flow rate of the heat transfer medium; b) determining a temperature change for the heat transfer medium; and, c) causing data to be stored based on the determined flow rate and the temperature change, the data being at least partially indicative of an amount of heat energy recovered. 2) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the data includes at least one of: a) the flow rate; b) the temperature change; and, c) the amount of heat energy recovered. 3) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the processing system is for calculating the amount of heat energy recovered using the flow rate and the temperature change. 4) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the processing system is for at least one of: a) storing the data in a store; and, b) transferring the data to a remote processing system for storage. 5) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein, at least one of: a) the processing system includes a store; and, b) a store is selectively connectable to the processing system. 6) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the processing system is for: a) determining a time at which the flow rate and temperature change are determined; and, b) causing an indication of the time to be stored as a time stamp associated with the data. 7) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the processing system is for encrypting at least some of the data prior to storage. 8) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the apparatus includes: a) a flow sensor; and, b) at least one temperature sensor. 9) Apparatus according to claim 8, wherein the flow sensor is provided in a connecting pipe coupled to an inlet or outlet of the solar thermal system. 10) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein apparatus includes: a) a first temperature sensor for sensing a first temperature indicative of heat transfer medium supplied to an inlet of the solar thermal system; and, b) a second temperature sensor for sensing a second temperature indicative of heat transfer medium received from an outlet of the solar thermal system. 11) Apparatus according to claim 10, wherein the processing system is for: a) receiving signals from the first and second temperature sensors; and, b) using the signals to determine the temperature change. 12) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the processing system is for selectively activating the solar thermal system. 13) Apparatus according to claim 12, wherein the processing system is for selectively activating the solar thermal system in accordance with environmental conditions determined from an environment sensor. 14) Apparatus according to claim 12, wherein the processing system is for selectively activating a pump to thereby pump heat transfer medium through the solar thermal system. 15) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the solar thermal system includes at least one solar collector, the processing system being for selectively positioning the solar collector in use. 16) Apparatus according to claim 15, wherein the at least one solar collector includes: a) a heat tube for containing the heat transfer medium; and, b) a reflector for reflecting solar radiation towards the heat tube. 17) Apparatus according to claim 16, wherein the reflector has a substantially parabolic cross sectional shape to define a focal axis, the heat tube being positioned substantially aligned with the focal axis. 18) Apparatus according to claim 16, wherein the solar collector includes a framework for supporting the heat tube relative to the reflector. 19) Apparatus according to claim 16, wherein the solar collector is moveably mounted to a support to thereby allow the solar collector to be moved between operative and inoperative positions. 20) Apparatus according to claim 19, wherein the apparatus includes: a) a drive system; and, b) a controller coupled to the drive system for selectively moving the solar collector between the operative and inoperative positions. 21) Apparatus according to claim 16, wherein the solar collector includes an impact protection layer provided on a reverse side of the reflector. 22) Apparatus according to claim 21, wherein, in an inoperative position, the impact protection layer is facing away from the surface. 23) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the solar thermal system is coupled to a heat system via feed lines, and wherein, in use, the feed lines are at least one of: a) unpressurised; and, b) drained when the solar collector is not in use. 24) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the solar collector includes a heat tube for containing the heat transfer medium and wherein, in use, the heat tube is at least one of: a) unpressurised; and, b) drained when the solar collector is not in use. 25) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the processing system includes: a) an interface for receiving signals from at least one sensor; and, b) a processor for i) determining the flow rate and temperature change; and, ii) causing data to be stored based on the determined flow rate and the temperature change, the data being at least partially indicative of an amount of heat energy recovered. 26) Apparatus according to claim 25, wherein the processing system includes a memory for storing the data. 27) A method for monitoring a solar thermal system, the solar thermal system being for recovering heat energy by heating a heat transfer medium, the method including in a processing system: a) determining a flow rate of the heat transfer medium; b) determining a temperature change for the heat transfer medium; and, c) causing data to be stored based on the determined flow rate and the temperature change, the data being at least partially indicative of an amount of heat energy recovered. 