A sign frame having a rigid structure, the frame of which contains a mounting collar attached to a heat pipe extending vertically from the center of the lower horizontal member of the sign frame. An integrated solar heating means within the luminaire of the sign, and a means for timing the release of the stored heat to the fluorescent bulbs is provided. The internal illumination means for the sign includes a flexible vinyl sign face stretched over a the sign cabinet's rigid frame over, in which the flexible vinyl sign face material has sewn hems on all edges with inserted rigid rods and tension springs extended through the hems and hooked to the rods. The invention also provides a control method for determining the run time for loads utilizing solar power.
Claims 1. A solar powered, internally illuminated, solar heated sign system comprising: (a) a frame sufficient in size and dimension to display graphic material; (b) a lighting means configured to illuminate said graphic material; (c) at least one photovoltaic solar module configured to charge at least one battery, said battery being configured to power said lighting means under selective control; (d) a tensioning means configured to affix graphic materials to said frame; (e) an integrated solar lamp heating means configured to heat said lighting means; and (f) a load management system configured to control said lighting means and said heating means. 2. A sign system as set forth in claim 1 wherein said lighting means are mounted along a periphery of the frame. 3. A sign system as set forth in claim 1 further comprising at least one mast integrated with said frame and configured to receive mounting structures to align and hold said photovoltaic solar modules. 4. A sign system as set forth in claim 3 wherein said mast comprises vertically installed pipes or tubes of a sufficient size and strength to provide a secure and useful mounting mast for solar modules. 5. A sign system as set forth in claim 3 wherein said photovoltaic module mounts are configured to securely anchor said module to the sign frame and provide for proper module orientation for solar energy collection. 6. A sign system as set forth in claim 5 wherein said photovoltaic module mounts further comprises a main dorsal tube which slides snuggly over the mounting masts allowing for secure anchoring of the module, thereby providing an ability to slew about the vertical mast in order to achieve proper azimuth orientation. 7. A sign system as set forth in claim 1 wherein said tensioning means further comprises: (a) a flexible, sheet-like material with a retaining means extending around its peripheral edges; and (b) a plurality of spring means fastened to a generally planar support surface and arranged along all opposite edges of the flexible, sheet-like material, each spring means engaging the retaining means and providing selective tensioning of the flexible sheet-like material by the nature of the spring means. 8. A sign system as set forth in claim 1 wherein said heating means comprises a collector of solar radiation and a means of transferring collected solar heat to desired locations. 9. A sign system as set forth in claim 8 wherein said collector and transfer means comprise a solar collector for receiving solar radiation, a heat pipe assembly for storing and transporting solar heat, and a servo valve assembly and control for releasing stored solar heat to desired locations at desired times. 10. A sign system as set forth in claim 1 wherein said load management system comprises: (a) a means for determining future solar radiation resources; (b) a means for communicating that information automatically to a computing device; (c) a means for calculating at least one load run time; and (d) a means for transmitting on and off orders to remotely located sign systems to selectively engage and disengage said lighting means, said heating means, or both said lighting and heating means. 11. A sign system as set forth in claim 10 wherein said future solar radiation resource determination means comprises an electronic solar radiation forecasting service configured to supply automated solar radiation forecast data to said calculating means. 12. A sign system as set forth in claim 10 where said calculation means comprises a computer software program configured to determine load run times based on a combination of system use history, future solar radiation, and user preferences. 13. A method of performing a business transaction comprising: (a) determining a forecast of future solar radiation resource for a location of an sign system wherein said sign system is equipped with solar-powered lighting, said lighting being remotely controllable; (b) calculating at least one load run time for said sign based upon said forecast of solar radiation resource; and (d) controlling said lighting to achieve said calculated load run time by transmitting at least one ON order and at least one OFF order to said sign system. 14. The method as set forth in claim 13 wherein said step of determining a forecast comprises receiving at least one forecast from an electronic forecasting service. 15. The method as set forth in claim 13 wherein said steps of determining, calculating and controlling are performed responsive to a revenue contract with an owner of said sign system. 16. The method as set forth in claim 13 wherein said step of transmitting orders comprises transmitting orders over a wireless transmission medium. 17. The method as set forth in claim 16 wherein said wireless transmission medium comprises a cellular telephone medium. 18. The method as set forth in claim 13 wherein said step of transmitting orders comprises transmitting orders over a wired transmission medium. 19. The method as set forth in claim 18 wherein said wired transmission medium comprises a telephone medium. 20. The method as set forth in claim 18 wherein said wired transmission medium comprises an Internet medium. 