In certain example embodiments, a solar collector system including a plurality of reflectors is provided. Each reflector has a stiffening rib associated therewith and is attached thereto on a side facing away from the sun. At least one area on each stiffening rib is suitable for accommodating a polymer-based adhesive for bonding the rib to a side of the associated reflector facing away from the sun. Each stiffening rib is formed so as to substantially match a contour of the associated reflector. At least two of each rib, the associated reflector, and the adhesive have respective coefficients of thermal expansion within about 50% of one another. Each stiffening rib is sized and positioned on the associated reflector so as to increase an EI value thereof at least about 10 times or to at least about 9,180 pascal meters.sup.4. Methods of making the same also are provided in certain example embodiments.
Claims 1. A stiffening rib for a reflector in a solar collector system, comprising: at least one area suitable for accommodating a polymer-based adhesive for bonding the rib to a side of the reflector facing away from the sun, wherein the stiffening rib is formed so as to substantially match a contour of the reflector, wherein at least two of the rib, the reflector, and the adhesive have respective coefficients of thermal expansion within about 50% of one another, and wherein the stiffening rib is sized and positionable on the reflector so as to increase an EI value of the reflector at least about 10 times or to at least about 9,180 pascal meters.sup.4. 2. The stiffening rib of claim 1, wherein the stiffening rib is sized and positionable on the reflector so as to increase an EI value of the reflector to at least about 10,900 pascal meters.sup.4. 3. The stiffening rib of claim 1, wherein the stiffening rib is made from roll-formed steel, an injection molded plastic or glass-filled plastic, or extruded aluminum. 4. The stiffening rib of claim 1, wherein at least two of the rib, the reflector, and the adhesive have respective coefficients of thermal expansion within about 25% of one another. 5. The stiffening rib of claim 1, wherein the rib is e-coated. 6. The stiffening rib of claim 1, further comprising at least one mounting feature configured to engage with corresponding mounting features provided to the solar collector system. 7. The stiffening rib of claim 1, further comprising: a main body; at least two first spaced apart protrusions extending from the main body arranged to directly or indirectly contact the reflector, the space(s) between each said first protrusions being the at least one area suitable for accommodating a polymer-based adhesive; and at least two second spaced apart protrusions extending from the main body in opposite the at least two first spaced apart protrusions, the at least two second spaced apart protrusions being configured to engage with corresponding mounting features provided to the solar collector system. 8. A solar collector system including a plurality of reflectors, each said reflector having a stiffening rib associated therewith and attached thereto on a side facing away from the sun, each said stiffening rib comprising: at least one area suitable for accommodating a polymer-based adhesive for bonding the rib to a side of the associated reflector facing away from the sun, wherein each said stiffening rib is formed so as to substantially match a contour of the associated reflector, wherein at least two of each said rib, the associated reflector, and the adhesive have respective coefficients of thermal expansion within about 50% of one another, and wherein each said stiffening rib is sized and positioned on the associated reflector so as to increase an EI value thereof at least about 10 times or to at least about 9,180 pascal meters.sup.4. 9. The solar collector system of claim 8, wherein each stiffening rib is sized and positioned on the associated reflector so as to increase an EI value thereof to at least about 10,900 pascal meters.sup.4. 10. The solar collector system of claim 9, wherein each said stiffing rib is bonded to the associated reflector at an approximate center section of the associated reflector. 11. The solar collector system of claim 9, wherein each said stiffing rib is bonded to its associated reflector around the periphery of the associated reflector. 12. The solar collector system of claim 8, wherein each said stiffening rib is made from roll-formed steel, an injection molded plastic or glass-filled plastic, or extruded aluminum. 13. The solar collector system of claim 8, wherein at least two of the rib, the associated reflector, and the adhesive have respective coefficients of thermal expansion within about 25% of one another. 14. The solar collector system of claim 8, wherein each said rib is e-coated. 15. The solar collector system of claim 8, wherein each said rib further comprises at least one mounting feature configured to engage with corresponding mounting features provided to the solar collector system. 16. The solar collector system of claim 8, wherein each said rib further comprises: a main body; at least two first spaced apart protrusions extending from the main body arranged to directly or indirectly contact the associated reflector, the space(s) between each said first protrusions being the at least one area suitable for accommodating the polymer-based adhesive; and at least two second spaced apart protrusions extending from the main body in opposite the at least two first spaced apart protrusions, the at least two second spaced apart protrusions being configured to engage with corresponding mounting features provided to the solar collector system. 17. The solar collector system of claim 8, wherein the adhesive is at least one of: a moisture-cured or two-part reactive mixed urethane system, an epoxy, or silicone. 18. The solar collector system of claim 8, wherein the adhesive bonding each said rib to the associated reflector is sufficiently to last about 10-30 year period in a desert climate. 19. The solar collector system of claim 8, wherein each said reflector is flat, parabolic, or spherical. 20. The solar collector system of claim 8, wherein each said reflector is either a laminated or monolithic mirror panel. 21. The solar collector system of claim 8, wherein each said reflector is a laminated mirror panel include polyvinyl butyral. 22. A method of making a solar collector system including a plurality of reflectors, each said reflector having a stiffening rib associated therewith, the method comprising: bonding each said stiffening rib to the associated reflector via a polymer-based adhesive, each said stiffening rib being bonded to the associated reflector on a side facing away from the sun; wherein each said stiffening rib is contoured to substantially match a shape of the associated reflector, wherein at least two of each said rib, the associated reflector, and the adhesive have respective coefficients of thermal expansion within about 50% of one another, and wherein each said stiffening rib is sized and positioned on the associated reflector so as to increase an EI value thereof at least about 10 times or to at least about 9,180 pascal meters.sup.4. 23. The method of claim 22, further comprising bonding each said stiffing rib to the associated reflector at an approximate center section of the associated reflector. 24. The method of claim 22, further comprising bonding each said stiffing rib to the associated reflector around the periphery of the associated reflector. 25. The method of claim 22, further comprising forming each said stiffening rib by roll-forming steel, injection molding plastic or glass-filled plastic, or extruding aluminum. 26. The method of claim 22, wherein at least two of the rib, the associated reflector, and the adhesive have respective coefficients of thermal expansion within about 25% of one another. 27. The method of claim 22, further comprising e-coating each said rib prior to the bonding. 28. The method of claim 22, further comprising connecting each said rib to the solar collector system via at least one mounting feature formed on said rib with a correspondingly formed mounting features provided to the solar collector system. 29. The method of claim 25, wherein each said rib is formed so as to further comprise: a main body; at least two first spaced apart protrusions extending from the main body arranged to directly or indirectly contact the associated reflector, the space(s) between each said first protrusions being the at least one area suitable for accommodating the polymer-based adhesive; and at least two second spaced apart protrusions extending from the main body in opposite the at least two first spaced apart protrusions, the at least two second spaced apart protrusions being configured to engage with corresponding mounting features provided to the solar collector system. 30. The method of claim 22, wherein the adhesive bonding each said rib to the associated reflector is sufficiently to last about 10-30 year period in a desert climate. 31. A method of making a stiffening rib for a reflector in a solar collector system, the method comprising: roll-forming steel, injection molding plastic or glass-filled plastic, or extruding aluminum so as to form the stiffening rib; and forming the stiffening rib so as to include at least one area suitable for accommodating a polymer-based adhesive for bonding the rib to a side of the reflector facing away from the sun, wherein the stiffening rib is formed so as to substantially match a contour of the reflector, wherein at least two of the rib, the reflector, and the adhesive have respective coefficients of thermal expansion within about 50% of one another, and wherein the stiffening rib is sized and positionable on the reflector so as to increase an EI value of the reflector at least about 10 times or to at least about 9,180 pascal meters.sup.4. 32. The stiffening rib of claim 1, wherein the stiffening rib is a composite material rib. 33. The stiffening rib of claim 32, wherein the composite material rib comprises a steel rib body that is insert-molded with plastic features. 