A solar collector with a rectangular frame (1), preferably made of extruded or rollformed metal, containing an absorber plate (3), an insulating layer (2) beneath the absorber plate (3), and a cover pane (4) spaced above the absorber (3). Absorber tubing (3b.3c) is attached to the rear side of the absorber plate. The absorber (3) is secured to the frame (1) by mounting brackets (11a,11b) that engage the absorber tubing (3b,3c) and allow for substantially unhindered thermal expansion and contraction of the absorber. The collector can be integrated or roof mounted on a pitched roof, or may be installed on a flat roof by means of a mounting frame.
Claims 1. A solar collector comprising: a frame (1), preferably made of extruded or rollformed metal, an absorber plate (3a), absorber tubing (3b) secured to the rear side of the absorber plate, an insulating layer (2) beneath the absorber plate, a cover pane (4) spaced above the absorber, four or more mounting brackets (11a,11b,11c,11d) for connecting the absorber (3) with the frame (4), said mounting brackets engage the absorber tubing (3b), whereby a first mounting bracket (11a) engages the absorber tubing (3b) in a manner that does not allow any displacement between the first bracket and said absorber tubing, a second mounting bracket (11b) engages the absorber tubing (3b) in a manner that allows displacement between the second bracket and said absorber tubing only in a first direction in the plane of the absorber plate to allow for thermal expansion and contraction of the absorber plate (3a) in said first direction, a third mounting bracket (11c) engages the absorber tubing (3b) in a manner that allows displacement between the third bracket and said absorber tubing only in a second direction in the plane of the absorber plate (3a) that is substantially transverse to the first direction to allow for thermal expansion and contraction of the absorber plate in said second direction, and a fourth mounting bracket (11d) engages the absorber tubing (3b) in a manner that allows displacement between the fourth bracket and said absorber tubing in both the first and second direction to allow for thermal expansion and contraction of the absorber plate (3a) in said first and second direction. 2. A solar collector according to claim 1, wherein the mounting brackets (11a,11b,11c,11d) are rectangularly spaced apart. 3. A solar collector according to claim 1, wherein the first mounting bracket (11a) and the fourth mounting bracket (11d) are disposed diagonally opposite to one another. 4. A solar collector according to claim 3, wherein the second mounting bracket (11b) and the third mounting bracket (11c) are disposed diagonally opposite to one another. 5. A solar collector according to claim 1, wherein the absorber tubing (3b) includes tube sections that extend in the first direction and tube sections that extend in the second direction. 6. A solar collector according to claim 5, wherein said first mounting bracket (11a) engages both a tube section that extends in the first direction and a tube section that extends in the second direction. 7. A solar collector according to claim 1, wherein said second mounting bracket (11b) slidably engages a tube section that extends in the first direction to allow for displacement between said tube section and the second mounting bracket in the first direction. 8. A solar collector according to claim 1, wherein said third mounting bracket (11c) slidably engages a tube section that extends in the second direction and loosely engages a tube section that extends in the first direction to allow for displacement between said tube sections and the third bracket in the second direction. 9. A solar collector according to claim 1, wherein said fourth mounting bracket (11d) loosely- and slidably engages a tube section that extends in the first direction or in the second direction to allow for displacement between said tube section and the fourth bracket in the first and second direction. 10. A solar collector according to claim 1, wherein said four or more mounting brackets (11a,11b,11c,11d) are substantially identical to one another. 11. A solar collector according claim 1, comprising a mounting bracket (11a,11b,11c,11d), for engaging one or more tube sections of said solar collector, said mounting bracket comprising two tube engaging members (12,13) that can be fixed to engage a tube section in at least two positions, a first position in which the tube section is slidably engaged and a second position in which the tube section is loosely engaged to allow displacement between the tube section and the mounting bracket in a direction transverse to the tube section axis. 12. A solar collector according to claim 11, wherein at least one of said tube engaging members (12,13) is forked so as to embrace a second tube section that extends transversely from the first tube section. 13. A solar collector according to claim 11, further comprising a base plate (15) for attaching the mounting bracket to the frame of the solar collector, wherein said base plate (15) is provided with three or more frame facing protrusions (19) to minimize the contact area between the frame and the base plate (15). 14. A solar collector according to claim 13, wherein through going bores in the base plate (15) coincide with the protrusions. 15. A solar collector according to claim 13 or 44, wherein the base plate (15) and a first of the tube engaging members (12) are integrally connected to one another by a connecting part (16) that is at an angle with the base plate and the second tube engaging member (13) being securable relative to the first tube engaging member (13). 16. A solar collector according to claim 15, wherein the connecting part (16) comprises a substantially flat plate section, at least a part of the oppositely disposed free edges (17) of the flat plate section being bent over to reinforce the mounting bracket. 17. A solar collector according to claim 16, wherein said free edge (17) is bent over to obtain a substantially U-shaped cross-section in which a flat plate part (14) of the second tube engaging member is slidably received. 18. A solar collector according to claim 17, wherein the flat plate section (14) that is integral with the first tube engaging member is provided with one through going bore (18) and the flat plate part of the second tube engaging member is provided with two through going bores (18) that overlap with the through going bore of the flat plate section in two distinct positions, whereby the tube engaging members (12,13) slidably engage the tube section in one of the two distinct positions and the tube engaging members (12,13) loosely engage the tube section in the other of the two distinct positions. 19. A solar collector according to claim 18, wherein a pop rivet, bolt or similar fastener is received in the through going bores (18) to fasten the second tube engaging member (13) in either of the two distinct positions. 20. A solar collector according to claim 11, wherein said tube engaging members (12,13) are at least partially curved with a radius equal to or slightly larger than the tube section to be engaged. 21. A solar collector according to claim 11, wherein at least a part of the mounting bracket is made of a material with a relatively low thermal conductivity, such as stainless steel, to reduce heat loss via the mounting bracket to the frame. 