An intellectual power saving switching assembly connected between an external AC power input and a device to be monitored for automatically turning on or turning off power supplied to the device to be monitored. The assembly includes a power source; an AC power input; a switchable AC power switch device; at least one current detector for detecting current flowing into the device to be monitored by direct detection or indirection detection; at least one AC power output end for supplying power from the current detector to the device to be monitored; a signal detecting transceiver for detecting an actuation signal from a remote controller; and a logic electronic circuit capable of receiving standby signals from the current detector and a far end actuation signals so as to perform status determination for interrupting or transferring the current from the AC power input to the device to be monitored.
Claims 1. An intellectual power saving switching assembly connected between an external AC power input and a device to be monitored for automatically turning on or turning off power supplied to the device to be monitored, comprising: a power source supplying power to all elements of the switching assembly; an AC power input connected to an external power source used to supplying power to the device to be monitored; a switchable AC power switch device having a power input connected to the AC power input for interrupting power; at least one current detector for detecting current flowing into the device to be monitored by direct detection or indirection detection; the current detector is connected to an output end of the switchable AC power switch device; when the device to be monitored is turned off and thus in a standby mode, the current detector will detect a corresponding standby signal and transmit the signal; at least one AC power output end connected between the current detector and the device to be monitored for supplying power from the current detector to the device to be monitored; a signal detecting transceiver for detecting an actuation signal from a remote controller to actuate the device to be monitored; and a logic electronic circuit capable of receiving standby signals from the current detector and a far end actuation signals from the signal detecting transceiver so as to perform status determination for operating the switchable AC power switch device so as to interrupting or transfer the current from the AC power input to the device to be monitored. 2. The intellectual power saving switching assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the power source is a battery set. 3. The intellectual power saving switching assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the power source is at least one solar plate. 4. The intellectual power saving switching assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the power source is a combination of at least one battery set and at least one solar plate. 5. The intellectual power saving switching assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the switchable AC power switch device includes a switch unit for switching AC current. 6. The intellectual power saving switching assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the switch unit is a relay. 7. The intellectual power saving switching assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the switch unit is a solenoid. 8. The intellectual power saving switching assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the switch unit is an electronic element. 9. The intellectual power saving switching assembly as claimed in claim 4, wherein the switch unit includes a switch driving unit for driving the switchable AC power switch device to actuate. 10. The intellectual power saving switching assembly as claimed in claim 9, wherein the switch unit is integrated with the switch driving unit. 11. The intellectual power saving switching assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the current detector determines the operation of the device to be monitored by using a current low threshold; if the current flowing through the current detector is lower than the low threshold, the logic electronic circuit determines that the device to be monitored is in a standby mode. 12. The intellectual power saving switching assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the logic electronic circuit is made of programmable electronic elements. 13. The intellectual power saving switching assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the logic electronic circuit is made of lump electronic circuit. 14. The intellectual power saving switching assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the signal detecting transceiver is a mechanic device. 15. The intellectual power saving switching assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein signal transfer between the signal detecting transceiver and the logic electronic circuit is performed by wired connection. 16. The intellectual power saving switching assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein signal transfer between the signal detecting transceiver and the logic electronic circuit is performed by wireless connection. 17. The intellectual power saving switching assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the intellectual power saving switching assembly is realized as a form of a receptacle or a form of a plug or a form of a connector, or is integrated into a circuit as a part thereof, or is integrated into a device to be monitor. 18. The intellectual power saving switching assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the intellectual power saving switching assembly is integrated into a circuit of the device to be monitored. 19. The intellectual power saving switching assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein a bypass switch is connected to be across two ends of the switchable AC power switch device so that when the bypass switch is actuated, the switchable AC power switch device will be bypassed so that current from the AC power input will directly flow to the device to be monitored without the function of auto-turn-on and auto-turn-off functions to the device to be monitored. 