A solar-cell module. The solar-cell module includes a plurality of solar cells that are electrically coupled together. The solar-cell module further includes an in-laminate-diode assembly electrically coupled with the plurality of solar cells. The in-laminate-diode assembly is configured to prevent power loss. The solar-cell module also includes a protective structure at least partially encapsulating the plurality of solar cells. In addition, the solar-cell module includes a plurality of external-connection mechanisms mounted to a respective plurality of edge regions of the protective structure. An external-connection mechanism of the plurality of external-connection mechanisms is configured to enable collection of current from the plurality of solar cells and to allow interconnection with at least one other external device.
Claims 1. A solar-cell module comprising: a plurality of solar-cells electrically coupled together; an in-laminate-diode assembly electrically coupled with said plurality of solar cells, said in-laminate-diode assembly configured to prevent power loss; a protective structure at least partially encapsulating said plurality of solar cells; and a plurality of external-connection mechanisms mounted to a respective plurality of edge regions of said protective structure, an external-connection mechanism of said plurality of external-connection mechanisms configured to enable collection of current from said plurality of solar cells and to allow interconnection with at least one other external device. 2. The solar-cell module of claim 1, wherein said external device is selected from the group consisting of a solar-cell module, an inverter, a battery charger, an external load, and an electrical-power-distribution system. 3. The solar-cell module of claim 1, wherein an edge region of said plurality of edge regions is selected from the group consisting of an edge of said solar-cell module, and a corner of said solar-cell module. 4. The solar-cell module of claim 1, wherein a first external-connection mechanism of said plurality of external-connection mechanisms of said solar cell module is disposed proximate to a second external-connection mechanism of a second plurality of external-connection mechanisms of said other solar-cell module. 5. The solar-cell module of claim 1, wherein a first external-connection mechanism of said plurality of external-connection mechanisms of said solar cell module is selected from the group consisting of a wire, a connector, a lead, and a junction box. 6. The solar-cell module of claim 1, wherein said in-laminate-diode assembly comprises at least one in-laminate-diode sub-assembly, an in-laminate-diode sub-assembly comprising: a diode; a first conductor electrically coupled to said diode; and a second conductor electrically coupled to said diode. 7. The solar-cell module of claim 6, wherein at least one of said first and second conductors of said in-laminate-diode sub-assembly is configured as a heat sink to remove heat generated by said diode. 8. The solar-cell module of claim 6, wherein said in-laminate-diode sub-assembly further comprises an electrically-insulating-laminate strip configured to allow access of at least one of said first and second conductors to a solar cell of said plurality of solar cells for electrically coupling with said solar cell. 9. The solar-cell module of claim 6, wherein said in-laminate-diode sub-assembly further comprises at least one of said first and second conductors structured to enable a laminated electrical connection between at least one of said first and second conductors and another component of said solar-cell module. 10. The solar-cell module of claim 6, wherein said first conductor further comprises a first electrically-conducting-laminate strip configured to couple electrically with a first terminal of an adjacent last solar cell of a first adjacent solar-cell sub-module, and electrically coupled with a first adjacent diode. 11. The solar-cell module of claim 6, wherein said second conductor further comprises a second electrically-conducting-laminate strip configured to couple electrically with a second terminal of an adjacent primary solar cell of a second adjacent solar-cell sub-module, and electrically coupled with a second adjacent diode. 12. The solar-cell module of claim 1, wherein said in-laminate-diode assembly comprises at least one in-laminate-diode sub-assembly, said in-laminate-diode sub-assembly comprising at least one diode configured to by-pass current flow around a solar-cell sub-module to prevent power loss. 13. The solar-cell module of claim 1, wherein a first external-connection mechanism of said plurality of external-connection mechanisms of said solar-cell module and a second external-connection mechanism of a second plurality of external-connection mechanisms of said other solar-cell module are arranged on their respective solar-cell modules to minimize a length of an interconnector between said first external-connection mechanism and said second external-connection mechanism. 14. The solar-cell module of claim 1, wherein said external-connection mechanism of said solar-cell module is electrically coupled to a lead at an edge region of said plurality of edge regions of said protective structure of said solar-cell module, said lead electrically coupled to said plurality of solar cells. 15. The solar-cell module of claim 14, wherein said lead at said edge region of said plurality of edge regions of said protective structure comprises a copper lead. 16. The solar-cell module of claim 14, wherein said lead at said edge region is sealed between a front glass of said protective structure and a bottom portion of said protective structure with a first layer of polymeric sealing material and a second layer of polymeric sealing material, said first layer of polymeric sealing material disposed between a lead-facing portion of said front glass and said lead, and said second layer of polymeric sealing material disposed between a lead-facing portion of said bottom portion and said lead. 17. The solar-cell module of claim 14, wherein an edge of said lead at said edge region of said protective structure is located at a distance at least three-eighths of an inch from a nearest externally accessible portion of said protective structure proximate to said edge of said lead. 18. The solar-cell module of claim 14, wherein said lead at said edge region of said protective structure comprises a portion of a busbar attached to said plurality of solar cells. 19. The solar-cell module of claim 1 further comprising an integrated busbar-solar-cell-current collector comprising: a terminating busbar; and an integrated solar-cell, current collector comprising: a plurality of integrated pairs of electrically conductive, electrically parallel trace portions, said plurality of integrated pairs of electrically conductive, electrically parallel trace portions configured both to collect current from a terminating solar cell and to interconnect electrically to said terminating busbar; wherein said plurality of integrated pairs of electrically conductive, electrically parallel trace portions is configured such that solar-cell efficiency is substantially undiminished in an event that any one electrically conductive, electrically parallel trace portion of said plurality of integrated pairs of electrically conductive, electrically parallel trace portions is conductively impaired. 20. The solar-cell module of claim 19, wherein said terminating busbar is folded under a back side of said terminating solar cell. 21. The solar-cell module of claim 1, wherein said solar-cell module is arranged with a configuration to minimize wasted solar-collection space within said solar-cell module such that solar-cell-module efficiency is greater than solar-cell-module efficiency in the absence of said configuration. 22. The solar-cell module of claim 1, said solar-cell module further comprising: a first solar cell; at least a second solar cell; and an interconnect assembly disposed above a light-facing side of an absorber layer of said first solar cell comprising: a trace comprising a plurality of electrically conductive portions, said plurality of electrically conductive portions configured both to collect current from said first solar cell and to interconnect electrically to said second solar cell; wherein said plurality of electrically conductive portions is configured such that solar-cell efficiency is substantially undiminished in an event that any one of said plurality of electrically conductive portions is conductively impaired. 23. The solar-cell module of claim 22, wherein said plurality of electrically conductive portions of said interconnect assembly is connected electrically in series to form a single continuous electrically conductive line. 24. The solar-cell module of claim 22, wherein said trace of said interconnect assembly is disposed in a serpentine pattern such that said interconnect assembly is configured to collect current from said first solar cell and to interconnect electrically to said second solar cell. 25. The solar-cell module of claim 22, wherein said trace further comprises an electrically conductive line comprising a conductive core and at least one overlying layer overlying said conductive core. 26. The solar-cell module of claim 22, wherein said trace further comprises an electrically conductive line comprising a conductive core comprising nickel. 27. The solar-cell module of claim 22, wherein said trace further comprises an electrically conductive line comprising a conductive core comprising a material having greater conductivity than nickel and an overlying layer comprising nickel. 28. A solar-cell array comprising: a plurality of electrically coupled solar-cell modules, a solar cell module of said plurality of electrically coupled solar-cell modules comprising: a plurality of solar-cells electrically coupled together; an in-laminate-diode assembly electrically coupled with said plurality of solar cells, said in-laminate-diode assembly configured to prevent power loss; a protective structure at least partially encapsulating said plurality of solar cells; and a plurality of external-connection mechanisms mounted to a respective plurality of edge regions of said protective structure, an external-connection mechanism of said plurality of external-connection mechanisms configured to enable collection of current from said plurality of solar cells and to allow interconnection with at least one other external device. 29. The solar-cell array of claim 28, wherein said external device is selected from the group consisting of a solar-cell module, an inverter, a battery charger, an external load, and an electrical-power-distribution system. 30. The solar-cell array of claim 28, wherein an edge region of said plurality of edge regions is selected from the group consisting of an edge of said solar-cell module, and a corner of said solar-cell module. 31. The solar-cell array of claim 28, wherein a first external-connection mechanism of said plurality of external-connection mechanisms of said solar cell module is disposed proximate to a second external-connection mechanism of a second plurality of external-connection mechanisms of said other solar-cell module. 32. The solar-cell array of claim 28, wherein a first external-connection mechanism of said plurality of external-connection mechanisms of said solar cell module is selected from the group consisting of a wire, a connector, a lead, and a junction box. 33. The solar-cell array of claim 28, wherein said in-laminate-diode assembly comprises at least one in-laminate-diode sub-assembly, an in-laminate-diode sub-assembly comprising: a diode; a first conductor electrically coupled to said diode; and a second conductor electrically coupled to said diode. 34. The solar-cell array of claim 33, wherein at least one of said first and second conductors of said in-laminate-diode sub-assembly is configured as a heat sink to remove heat generated by said diode. 35. The solar-cell array of claim 33, wherein said in-laminate-diode sub-assembly further comprises an electrically-insulating-laminate strip configured to allow access of at least one of said first and second conductors to a solar cell of said plurality of solar cells for electrically coupling with said solar cell. 36. The solar-cell array of claim 33, wherein said in-laminate-diode sub-assembly further comprises at least one of said first and second conductors structured to enable a laminated electrical connection between at least one of said first and second conductors and another component of said solar-cell module. 37. The solar-cell array of claim 33, wherein said first conductor further comprises a first electrically-conducting-laminate strip configured to couple electrically with a first terminal of an adjacent last solar cell of a first adjacent solar-cell sub-module, and electrically coupled with a first adjacent diode. 38. The solar-cell array of claim 33, wherein said second conductor further comprises a second electrically-conducting-laminate strip configured to couple electrically with a second terminal of an adjacent primary solar cell of a second adjacent solar-cell sub-module, and electrically coupled with a second adjacent diode. 39. The solar-cell array of claim 28, wherein said in-laminate-diode assembly comprises at least one in-laminate-diode sub-assembly, said in-laminate-diode sub-assembly comprising at least one diode configured to by-pass current flow around a solar-cell sub-module to prevent power loss. 40. The solar-cell array of claim 28, wherein a first external-connection mechanism of said plurality of external-connection mechanisms of said solar-cell module and a second external-connection mechanism of a second plurality of external-connection mechanisms of said other solar-cell module are arranged on their respective solar-cell modules to minimize a length of an interconnector between said first external-connection mechanism and said second external-connection mechanism. 41. The solar-cell array of claim 28, wherein said external-connection mechanism of said solar-cell module is electrically coupled to a lead at an edge region of said plurality of edge regions of said protective structure of said solar-cell module, said lead electrically coupled to said plurality of solar cells. 42. The solar-cell array of claim 41, wherein an edge of said lead at said edge region of said protective structure is located at a distance at least three-eighths of an inch from a nearest externally accessible portion of said protective structure proximate to said edge of said lead. 43. The solar-cell array of claim 28 further comprising an integrated busbar-solar-cell-current collector comprising: a terminating busbar; and an integrated solar-cell, current collector comprising: a plurality of integrated pairs of electrically conductive, electrically parallel trace portions, said plurality of integrated pairs of electrically conductive, electrically parallel trace portions configured both to collect current from a terminating solar cell and to interconnect electrically to said terminating busbar; wherein said plurality of integrated pairs of electrically conductive, electrically parallel trace portions is configured such that solar-cell efficiency is substantially undiminished in an event that any one electrically conductive, electrically parallel trace portion of said plurality of integrated pairs of electrically conductive, electrically parallel trace portions is conductively impaired. 44. The solar-cell array of claim 43, wherein said terminating busbar is folded under a back side of said terminating solar cell. 45. The solar-cell array of claim 28, wherein said solar-cell modules are arranged with a configuration to minimize wasted solar-collection space within said solar-cell array such that solar-cell-array efficiency is greater than solar-cell-array efficiency in the absence of said configuration. 46. The solar-cell array of claim 28, said solar-cell module of said solar-cell array further comprising: a first solar cell; at least a second solar cell; and an interconnect assembly disposed above a light-facing side of an absorber layer of said first solar cell comprising: a trace comprising a plurality of electrically conductive portions, said plurality of electrically conductive portions configured both to collect current from said first solar cell and to interconnect electrically to said second solar cell; wherein said plurality of electrically conductive portions is configured such that solar-cell efficiency is substantially undiminished in an event that any one of said plurality of electrically conductive portions is conductively impaired. 47. The solar-cell array of claim 46, wherein said plurality of electrically conductive portions of said interconnect assembly is connected electrically in series to form a single continuous electrically conductive line. 48. The solar-cell array of claim 46, wherein said trace further comprises an electrically conductive line comprising a conductive core and at least one overlying layer overlying said conductive core. 49. The solar-cell array of claim 46, wherein said trace further comprises an electrically conductive line comprising a conductive core comprising nickel. 50. The solar-cell array of claim 46, wherein said trace further comprises an electrically conductive line comprising a conductive core comprising a material having greater conductivity than nickel and an overlying layer comprising nickel. 51. A photovoltaic-convertor module comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic convertors electrically coupled together; an in-laminate, current-shunting assembly means for by-passing current flow, said in-laminate, current-shunting assembly means electrically coupled with said plurality of photovoltaic convertors, said in-laminate, current-shunting assembly means configured to prevent power loss; a protective structure at least partially encapsulating said plurality of photovoltaic convertors; and a plurality of junction-enclosure means for protecting and electrically isolating electrical connections, said plurality of junction-enclosure means mounted to a respective plurality of edge regions of said protective structure, a junction-enclosure means of said plurality of junction-enclosure means configured to enable collection of current from said plurality of photovoltaic convertors and to allow interconnection with at least one other external device. 52. A photovoltaic-convertor array comprising: a plurality of electrically coupled photovoltaic-convertor modules, a photovoltaic-convertor module of said plurality of electrically coupled photovoltaic-convertor modules comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic convertors electrically coupled together; an in-laminate, current-shunting assembly means for by-passing current flow, said in-laminate, current-shunting assembly means electrically coupled with said plurality of photovoltaic convertors, said in-laminate, current-shunting assembly means configured to prevent power loss; a protective structure at least partially encapsulating said plurality of photovoltaic convertors; and a plurality of junction-enclosure means for protecting and electrically isolating electrical connections, said plurality of junction-enclosure means mounted to a respective plurality of edge regions of said protective structure, a junction-enclosure means of said plurality of junction-enclosure means configured to enable collection of current from said plurality of photovoltaic convertors and to allow interconnection with at least one other external device. 