A photovoltaic/thermal solar panel is presented which contains no glazing above the photovoltaic array. The absence of glazing allows the photovoltaic cells to operate at a lower temperature and therefore at a higher efficiency. In addition, the absence of glazing allows the present invention PV/T panel to be used to provide nighttime cooling for a building. The panel is constructed by adhering an aluminum heat transfer plate to the rear of the PV array in the panel using a silicone adhesive. PEX tubing is inserted into channels integrally formed into the back of the heat transfer plate again using silicone or other heat-conductive compound.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic and thermal solar panel assembly, comprising: a) a frame; b) a photovoltaic array within the frame having i) an upper surface facing skyward, ii) a lower surface away downward, iii) at least one photovoltaic cell on the upper surface for converting solar energy directly into electricity, and iv) a backing sheet on the lower surface, wherein the upper surface is exposed to the sky without the presence of a glazing layer, the glazing layer being a transparent sheet separated from the upper surface of the photovoltaic array by a gas or a vacuum; c) at least one heat transfer plate having i) a flat top surface bonded to the lower surface of the photovoltaic array, ii) a bottom surface, and iii) an integral channel formed on the bottom surface; d) plastic tubing located within the channels of the heat transfer plates; and e) heat transfer fluid within the plastic tubing wherein the panel converts incoming radiant energy into thermal energy for heating during the day and the absence of the glazing layer allows for release of radiant energy to the night sky for cooling. 2. The panel of claim 1, wherein the plastic tubing is cross-linked polyethylene (PEX). 3. The panel of claim 2, wherein the tubing contacts the channel around a majority of its circumference to facilitate efficient heat transfer, and further wherein the tubing is interconnected in a manner for incoming fluid to be distributed and recollected over a large portion of the area of the panel. 4. The solar panel of claim 2, further comprising: f) a bottom cover plate that is secured to the frame. 5. The solar panel of claim 4, further comprising: g) one layer of foam insulation between the heat transfer plate channels and a second layer of foam insulation between the first insulation layer and the bottom cover plate. 6. The solar panel of claim 2, further comprising: f) a layer of spray-on polyurethane foam insulation applied to the plastic tubing and the bottom surface of the heat transfer plate. 7. The solar panel of claim 2, further comprising: f) a temperature sensor for measuring a temperature of the panel; g) an electrical junction for electric connection to the photovoltaic cells; and h) plumbing fixtures attached to the PEX tubing for plumbing connection to both ends of the PEX tubing. 8. The solar panel of claim 2, wherein the PEX tubing is impressed into the heat transfer plates with an intervening layer of heat-conductive compound. 9. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein the heat transfer plates and integral channel are formed of aluminum. 10. The solar panel of claim 9, wherein the heat transfer plates are bonded to the photovoltaic array using a heat-conductive adhesive. 11. A method of heating and cooling the interior of a building comprising: a) mounting a combined photovoltaic and thermal solar panel exterior to the building with exposure to the open sky, the panel having: i) a photovoltaic array for converting solar energy into electricity, wherein the photovoltaic array is exposed to the elements without the presence of a glazing layer having transparent sheet separated from the photovoltaic array by a gas or a vacuum; ii) at least one aluminum heat transfer plate having a flat top surface bonded to a lower surface of the photovoltaic array and an integral channel formed on a bottom surface; iii) plastic tubing located within the channels of the at least one heat transfer plate and interconnected in a manner for incoming fluid to be distributed and recollected over a large portion of the area of the lower surface of the photovoltaic array; b) creating a closed fluid loop including the tubing located in the channels of the heat transfer plate; c) thermally connecting the closed fluid loop to tubing passing through a building slab; d) managing the pumping of heating fluid through the closed fluid loop using temperature sensors in the slab and the solar panel; e) during cooling operations of the building where the sky temperature is below the current building temperature, i) flowing a cool slab liquid through the tubing passing through the building slab so as to absorb heat, thereby cooling the interior and warming the slab fluid; ii) conveying a warm panel fluid to solar panel, iii) cooling the warm panel fluid by using the heat in the panel fluid to heat the plastic tubing, heat transfer plate, and photovoltaic array in the solar panel; and iv) cooling the photovoltaic panel surface by radiating infrared energy upward to the cooler atmosphere and outer space; and f) during heating operations when solar radiant energy is being received by the solar pane, i) flowing a warm slab liquid through the building slab so as to release heat, thereby warming the interior and cooling the fluid; ii) conveying a cool panel fluid to the solar panel; iii) warming the cool panel fluid by using visible and infrared energy of sunlight to heat the photovoltaic array in the solar panel, which heat is conducted through the panel, through the heat transfer plate and plastic tubing to the cold fluid. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the closed fluid loop includes the tubing passing through the building slab, and further wherein the panel fluid and the slab fluid are the same fluid. 13. The method of claim 11, wherein the closed fluid loop is thermally connected to the tubing passing through the slab through a heat exchanger, and further wherein the panel fluid and the slab fluid remain isolated from each other. 14. The method of claim 11, wherein the panel fluid is a heat transfer fluid with anti-freeze properties, and the slab fluid is water. 15. The method of claim 11, further comprising, during heating operations, cooling the photovoltaic array during the process of warming the cool panel fluid, thereby increasing the efficiency of the electrical conversion in the photovoltaic array. 