The present invention is a solar tracking system which utilizes three supports arranged in a generally tripod configuration. In one embodiment, two of the supports are linear actuators, and the third support is a stationary universally pivoting joint such as a ball and socket joint. The tracking system may include cross-supports for increased stability, a linear rail for additional range of motion, and a mounting base to facilitate installation. This solar tracking system offers a stable, cost-effective design which is also capable of moving the solar module into an optional stowed position.
Claims 1. A solar tracking system for moving a solar energy module, said solar energy module having an energy collection surface, comprising: a first support arm comprising a first linear actuator having first and second ends, wherein said first end of said first linear actuator is coupled to said solar energy module; a second support arm having first and second ends, wherein said first end of said second support arm is coupled to said solar energy module; and a stationary support having a top end and a bottom end, wherein said top end is coupled to said solar energy module by a universally pivoting joint. 2. The solar tracking system of claim 1, wherein said first linear actuator, said second support arm, and said stationary support form a substantially triangular support base for said solar energy module. 3. The solar tracking system of claim 1, wherein said second support arm comprises a second linear actuator. 4. The solar tracking system of claim 1, further comprising a cross-brace having a top end and a bottom end, wherein said top end of said cross-brace is coupled near said first end of said first linear actuator, and wherein said bottom end of said cross-brace is coupled near said second end of said second support arm. 5. The solar tracking system of claim 4, wherein said cross-brace comprises a third linear actuator. 6. The solar tracking system of claim 1, further comprising a mounting base, wherein said second end of said first linear actuator, said second end of said second support arm, and said bottom end of said stationary support are all coupled to said mounting base. 7. The solar tracking system of claim 6, wherein said second end of said first linear actuator is coupled to said mounting base with a universally pivoting joint. 8. The solar tracking system of claim 6, wherein said mounting base comprises a metal frame. 9. The solar tracking system of claim 1, wherein said first end of said first linear actuator is coupled to said solar energy module with a universally pivoting joint. 10. The solar tracking system of claim 1, wherein said first end of said second support arm is coupled to said solar energy module with a universally pivoting joint. 11. The solar tracking system of claim 3, wherein said solar module comprises a mid-line defining a right half and a left half of said solar module; wherein said first end of said first linear actuator is coupled to said solar module at a first attachment point on said right half, and wherein said second end of said first linear actuator is coupled to the ground at a location to the left of said mid-line of said solar module; and wherein said first end of said second linear actuator is coupled to said solar module at a second attachment point on said left half, and wherein said second end of said second linear actuator is coupled to the ground at a location to the right of said mid-line of said solar module. 12. The solar tracking system of claim 3, wherein said first linear actuator and said second linear actuator comprise a range of motion to move said solar module into a stowed position. 13. The solar tracking system of claim 12 wherein said stowed position comprises said energy collection surface of said solar module to be facing at least partially away from the sun. 14. The solar tracking system of claim 1, wherein said energy collection surface comprises an array of solar concentrator devices. 15. The solar tracking system of claim 1, wherein said bottom end of said stationary support is coupled to a rail, wherein said rail is co-planar with the ground. 16. A method of moving a solar module, wherein said solar module is coupled to a first linear actuator, a second support arm, a stationary support, and a control system, wherein said method of moving comprises: providing control signals from said control system to said first linear actuator and to said second support arm; moving said first actuator from a first position to a second position; and moving said second support arm from a first position to a second position. 17. The method of moving a solar module of claim 16, wherein said step of providing control signals comprises sensing the sun's position with photo sensors. 18. The method of moving a solar module of claim 16, wherein said second position of said first linear actuator, and said second position of said second support arm comprise a stowed position of said solar module. 19. The method of moving a solar module of claim 16, wherein said control system comprises linear encoders coupled to said first linear actuator and to said second support arm. 