The subject matter of the invention is a method for detecting an isolated network for an inverter (2) carrying a converter voltage that is adapted for connection in parallel with a grid (5) having a mains frequency and electric loads and that is decoupled from the grid (5) by a choke (3), a test signal being superimposed upon the converter voltage at a test frequency the frequency of which is smaller than the mains frequency, the amplitude of the test signal being much smaller than the nominal voltage amplitude of the mains voltage on the one side but still just large enough on the other side for changes in reactive power to be detectable as a result of the test signal, a reactive power share being determined, which oscillates with the test frequency, this share not being allowed to fall below an imposed minimum for an isolated operation to be reliably excluded.
Claims 1. A method for detecting an isolated network for an inverter (2) carrying a converter voltage that is adapted for connection in parallel with a grid (5) having a mains frequency and electric loads and that is decoupled from the grid (5) by a choke (3), characterized in that a test signal is superimposed upon the converter voltage at a test frequency the frequency of which is smaller than the mains frequency, the amplitude of the test signal being much smaller than the nominal voltage amplitude of the mains voltage on the one side but still just large enough on the other side for changes in reactive power to be detectable as a result of the test signal, a reactive power share being determined, which oscillates with the test frequency, this share not being allowed to fall below an imposed minimum for an isolated operation to be reliably excluded. 2. The method as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the voltage amplitude of the test signal is smaller than 2%, in particular about 1% of the nominal voltage amplitude of the mains voltage. 3. The method as set forth in claim 1 characterized in that the frequency of the test signal is considerably smaller than the mains frequency. 4. The method as set forth in claim 3, characterized in that the frequency of the test signal ranges from 0.5 to 5 Hz. 5. The method as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the share of the mains reactive power that oscillates with the test frequency is filtered out with the help of at least one integrator (21, 22). 6. The method as set forth in claim 5, characterized in that there are provided two integrators (21, 22), an output signal of a first integrator (21) being supplied to a second integrator (22), with outputs (x, y) of said second integrator (22) being supplied to square members (23, 24) and outputs of the square members (23, 24) being added in an adder (25) the output variable of which is square-rooted in a square-root extractor (26) and evaluated in an evaluation unit (27). 7. The method as set forth in claim 6, characterized in that an aperiodic quantity of the square-root extractor (26) is compared to a threshold value in the evaluation unit (27) and monitored to see whether the value for the aperiodic quantity falls below the threshold value, this lower value being indicative of isolated network formation so that the inverter is disconnected from the mains. 8. The method as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the reactive power that oscillates with the test frequency is filtered using a Gortzel algorithm or by means of a Fourier transformation. 9. The method as set forth in claim 1, characterized by the fact that it is used for a three phase system. 10. The method as set forth in claim 9, characterized in that in the three phase system with three-phase converters the test frequency is modulated such that a voltage signal is displaced 120.degree. relative to the mains frequency in all the three phases, a space vector signal of this three-phase system being thus obtained upon which a voltage having the test frequency is impressed, the reactive power oscillating with the test frequency being calculated such that it is calculated from a mains current converted into the space vector model and from a mains voltage converted into the space vector model. 11. The method as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the inverter is configured to be a battery inverter (2) and that a battery is connected as the electric energy accumulator. 12. The method as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the inverter (2) is implemented for a speed variable internal combustion engine, a wind generator or a water power plant or a photovoltaic plant. 13. The method as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the inverter (2) is connected to the grid (5) through a transfer contactor (4) so that the inverter may be disconnected from the grid (5). 