Systems and methods for providing power to portable medical equipment using natural energy, such as solar energy. In one embodiment, a solar charging system is portable and has at least one flexible solar panel. Preferably, the solar panel is foldable and configured to convert solar energy into electrical energy, as required to charge rechargeable batteries and/or the like and operate the portable medical equipment. Preferably, the solar charging system is connected to the portable medical devices through an interface, and the interface is configured to make an output of the solar panel compatible for powering the portable medical equipment.
Claims 1. A power supply for a portable medical device, comprising: a portable solar charging system having at least one flexible solar panel; and an interface coupled to the solar panel, wherein the interface is configured to make an output signal of the solar panel compatible for powering the portable medical device. 2. The power supply of claim 1, wherein the solar panel is foldable. 3. The power supply of claim 1, wherein the solar panel is detachable from the portable medical device. 4. The power supply of claim 1, wherein the interface includes an amplifier. 5. The power supply of claim 1, wherein the interface includes a converter. 6. The power supply of claim 1, wherein the interface includes a connector. 7. The power supply of claim 6, wherein the connector is selected from a group consisting of a USB connector, DC connector, and AC connector. 8. The power supply of claim 1, wherein the portable medical device comprises a medical imaging device. 9. A portable medical system, comprising: a medical device having an imager and a power storage device; a detachable solar charging system capable of recharging the power storage device; and an interface connecting the imager with the solar charging system, configured for regularizing the output of the solar charging system to make it usable for recharging the power storage device. 10. The portable medical system of claim 9, wherein the medical device is selected from a group consisting of an ultrasound imaging system, a patient monitoring system, a portable drug delivery system, and a portable life support system 11. The portable medical system of claim 9, wherein the medical device can be hand-carried. 12. The portable medical system of claim 9, wherein the solar charging system includes at least one foldable solar panel. 13. The portable medical system of claim 9, wherein the interface includes an amplifier. 14. The portable medical system of claim 9, wherein the interface includes a converter. 15. The portable medical system of claim 9, wherein the interface includes a connector. 16. A method of providing uninterrupted power to a portable medical device, comprising: providing a power storage device integrated with a portable medical device; and recharging the power storage device using a detachable solar charging system. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein providing the power storage device comprises providing rechargeable batteries in the portable medical device. 18. The method of claim 16, wherein recharging the power storage device comprises providing a foldable solar panel with an interface to recharge the power storage device. 19. The method of claim 16, wherein recharging the power storage device comprises configuring an interface for connecting the solar charging system with the portable medical device. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein recharging the power storage device further comprises configuring the interface for regularizing the output power of the solar charging system to make it usable for recharging the power storage device. 