A method is provided for producing an electro-optic device having at least one optically transparent conducting layer with low electrical resistance. The method includes providing a composite substrate that includes an optically transparent and electrically insulating base substrate and an electrically conducting grid disposed in grooves located in the base substrate. Also provided is an electro-optical module having at least one transparent conducting layer. The composite substrate is attached onto the electro-optic module such that electrical contact is established between the grid and the transparent conducting layer of the electro-optic module.
Claims 1. A method of producing an electro-optic device having at least one optically transparent conducting layer with low electrical resistance comprising the steps of: providing a composite substrate that includes an optically transparent and electrically insulating base substrate and an electrically conducting grid disposed in grooves located in the base substrate; providing an electro-optical module having at least one transparent conducting layer; and attaching said composite substrate onto said electro-optic module such that electrical contact is established between said grid and said transparent conducting layer of the electro-optic module. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein said grid is optically nonblocking. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein said electro-optic module comprises at least one photovoltaic module having first and second conductive layers and at least first and second semiconductor layers disposed between conductive layers, said first and second semiconductor layers defining a junction at an interface therebetween, at least one of said conductive layers being transparent. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein said electro-optic module comprises a plurality of electro-optic modules each having first and second conductive layers and at least first and second semiconductor layers disposed between conductive layers, and a plurality of composite substrates interposed on top of and between said modules. 5. A method of reducing optical losses in electro-optic devices having at least one patterned metal grid comprising the steps of: providing at least one composite substrate that includes a transparent and electrically insulating base substrate and a pattern of grooves disposed in said base substrate, said pattern of grooves matching said metal grid pattern, wherein said composite substrate further includes an optically reflective material filling said grooves; and attaching said composite substrate onto said electro-optic device and aligning said pattern of grooves on top of said metal grid pattern. 6. The method of claim 5 wherein said filled grooves produce an optically non-blocking grid. 7. The method of claim 5 wherein said optically reflective material is a conducting material. 8. A method of producing a composite substrate comprising the steps of: producing a pattern of grooves in an optically transparent and electrically insulating substrate; and producing an embedded conducting grid by filling said grooves with an electrically conducting material. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein at least one of said grooves has a triangular cross-section. 10. The method of claim 8 wherein the conducting material protrudes above a surface of said substrate. 11. The method of claim 8 wherein the conducting material is a conducting ink. 12. The method of claim 8 wherein the conducting material is a conducting polymer. 13. The method of claim 8 wherein the conducting material is a metal. 14. The method of claim 8 further comprising depositing a layer of transparent adhesive onto said substrate. 15. The method of claim 8 further comprising producing a plurality of holes through said substrate. 16. The method of claim 8 further comprising depositing a transparent conducting layer to establish electrical contact with said grid. 17. The method of claim 8 wherein said substrate is a glass substrate. 18. The method of claim 8 wherein said substrate is a plastic substrate. 19. The method of claim 8 wherein said electrically conducting material is configured as a plurality of metal wires. 20. A method of producing an electro-optic device having with low electrical resistance comprising the steps of: providing at least one composite substrate that includes a transparent and electrically insulating base substrate and a pattern of grooves disposed in said base substrate said grooves being filled with an electrically conducting material that defines a grid; depositing a transparent conducting layer onto said base substrate that establishes electrical contact with said grid; and depositing at least two semiconductor layers and an additional conducting layer over said transparent conducting layer. 21. The method of claim 20 wherein said electro-optic device comprises at least one photovoltaic module having first and second conductive layers and at least first and second semiconductor layers disposed between conductive layers, said first and second semiconductor layers defining a junction at an interface therebetween, at least one of said conductive layers being transparent. 22. An apparatus for attaching a composite substrate with an embedded conducting grid onto an electro-optic device comprising: a pick and place system for handling said electro-optic device; an apparatus for depositing solder with a pattern matching a pattern defined by said embedded conducting grid; at least one pressure member to exert a compression force for attaching said substrate onto said device; a heating element for solder reflow; and an aligner system for positioning said substrate and said modules and aligning the pattern defined by said solder with the pattern defined by said embedded conducting grid. 23. The apparatus of claim 22 further comprising a vacuum pump for removing air when applying pressure to attach said substrate onto said device. 24. An apparatus for attaching a composite substrate with an embedded conducting grid onto an electro-optic device comprising: a pick and place system for handling said electro-optic device; an apparatus for depositing conducting epoxy with a pattern matching a pattern defined by the embedded conducting grid; at least one pressure member to exert a compression force for attaching said substrate onto said device; a heating element for curing the epoxy; and an aligner system for positioning said substrate and said modules and aligning the pattern defined by said epoxy with the pattern defined by said embedded conducting grid. 25. A process for attaching a composite substrate with an embedded conducting grid onto an electro-optic device comprising the steps of: feeding a plurality of electro-optic modules through a first roll-to-roll arrangement, each of the modules being a fully functional, thin-film electro-optic device, each of the modules including first and second conductive layers and at least first and second semiconductor layers disposed between said conductive layers, said first and second semiconductor layers defining a junction at an interface therebetween; feeding a plurality of composite substrates through a second roll-to-roll arrangement, each of the substrates being an optically transparent substrate with an conducting grid embedded therein; positioning and aligning one of the modules over one of the composite substrates; monitoring and maintaining speed and temperature of said modules while being fed through the first roll-to-roll system; and exerting a compression force for attaching said module to said to the composite substrate. 26. The process of claim 25 further comprising depositing a conductive adhesive between said module and said composite substrate. 27. The process of claim 25 further comprising depositing a patterned solder between said module and said composite substrate. 