A non-engine powered air conditioning system includes a solar energy supply arrangement having a solar energy collector adapted for mounting to the auto-vehicle and a power storage electrically connecting to the solar energy collector for converting the solar energy into electrical energy, and an electrical compressor electrically connecting to the power storage, wherein the electrical compressor is adapted for generating a cooling air to an interior of the auto-vehicle. The non-engine powered air conditioning system allows the driver to pre-cool the auto-vehicle before driving when the auto-vehicle is exposed under intensive sunlight for a period of time to avoid the driver experiencing extremely high interior temperature in the vehicle. Therefore, the drive is able to operate the vehicle with his best physical condition. Adopting the air conditioning system is adapted to also avoid some environmental problems, such as air pollution and global warming effect.
Claims 1. A non-engine powered air conditioning system for an auto-vehicle, comprising: a solar energy supply arrangement, which comprises: a solar energy collector adapted for mounting to said auto-vehicle, wherein said solar energy collector has a collecting surface orientated for exposing in sunlight to collect solar energy; and a power storage electrically connecting to said solar energy collector for converting said solar energy into electrical energy and for storing said electrical energy; and an electrical compressor, which is a low-voltage compressor, electrically connecting to said power storage, wherein said electrical compressor is adapted for generating a cooling air to an interior of said auto-vehicle via an air duct thereof, such that said electrical compressor is powered free to be operated in responsive to said auto-vehicle for providing a cooling effect to said interior thereof when an engine of said auto-vehicle is turned off. 2. A non-engine powered air conditioning system, as recited in claim 1, wherein said solar energy supply arrangement further comprises a thermal control for controlling an interior temperature of said auto-vehicle, wherein said thermal control comprises a thermal sensor for detecting said interior temperature of said auto-vehicle and an auto-thermal switch electrically connecting to said electrical compressor for operatively controlling a cooling level of said cooling air generated from said electrical compressor so as to maintain said interior temperature of said auto-vehicle at a preset temperature when said engine of said auto-vehicle is turned off. 3. The non-engine powered air conditioning system, as recited in claim 1, wherein said solar energy supply arrangement further comprises a remote thermal switch electrically connecting to said electrical compressor to selectively and remotely control said electrical compressor in an on and off manner for pre-cooling said interior of said auto-vehicle before said engine thereof is turned on. 4. The non-engine powered air conditioning system, as recited in claim 2, wherein said solar energy supply arrangement further comprises a remote thermal switch electrically connecting to said electrical compressor to selectively and remotely control said electrical compressor in an on and off manner for pre-cooling said interior of said auto-vehicle before said engine thereof is turned on. 5. The non-engine powered air conditioning system, as recited in claim 1, wherein said solar energy collector comprises one or more solar energy collecting panels defining said collecting surface thereon, wherein said solar energy collecting panels are adapted for mounting on a roof of said auto-vehicle to collect said solar energy. 6. The non-engine powered air conditioning system, as recited in claim 4, wherein said solar energy collector comprises one or more solar energy collecting panels defining said collecting surface thereon, wherein said solar energy collecting panels are adapted for mounting on a roof of said auto-vehicle to collect said solar energy. 7. The non-engine powered air conditioning system, as recited in claim 1, further comprising a compressor activator for manually activating said electrical compressor, wherein said compressor activator operatively connecting to said electrical compressor and is arranged for activating said electrical compressor when said engine of said auto-vehicle is turned on. 8. The non-engine powered air conditioning system, as recited in claim 6, further comprising a compressor activator for manually activating said electrical compressor, wherein said compressor activator operatively connecting to said electrical compressor and is arranged for activating said electrical compressor when said engine of said auto-vehicle is turned on. 9. The non-engine powered air conditioning system, as recited in claim 1, further comprising a power alternator for operatively deactivating said electrical compressor, wherein said power alternator comprises a power deactivator which is operatively connecting to said power storage and is arranged for deactivating said electrical compressor when a level of said electrical energy in said power storage is low, and an alternating relay electrically connecting to said power deactivator for switching on an engine powered compressor of said auto-vehicle when said electrical compressor is deactivated by said power deactivator. 10. The non-engine powered air conditioning system, as recited in claim 8, further comprising a power alternator for operatively deactivating said electrical compressor, wherein said power alternator comprises a power deactivator which is operatively connecting to said power storage and is arranged for deactivating said electrical compressor when a level of said electrical energy in said power storage is low, and an alternating relay electrically connecting to said power deactivator for switching on an engine powered compressor of said auto-vehicle when said electrical compressor is deactivated by said power deactivator. 11. A method of controlling an interior temperature of an auto-vehicle, comprising the steps of: (a) storing electrical energy in a power storage, wherein said electrical energy is converted from solar energy; (b) providing said electrical energy to an electrical compressor from said power storage to generate a cooling air to an interior of said auto-vehicle, such that said electrical compressor is powered free to be operated in responsive to said auto-vehicle for providing a cooling effect to said interior thereof when an engine of said auto-vehicle is turned off; (c) keep operating said electrical compressor to maintain said interior temperature of said auto-vehicle at a preset temperature. 12. The method, as recited in claim 11, wherein the step (c) further comprises the steps of: (c.1) detecting said interior temperature of said auto-vehicle via a thermal sensor; and (c.2) operatively controlling a cooling level of said cooling air generated from said electrical compressor to maintain said interior temperature of said auto-vehicle at said preset temperature. 13. The method, as recited in claim 11, wherein the step (b) further comprises a step of remotely controlling said electrical compressor in an on and off manner to pre-cool said interior of said auto-vehicle before said engine thereof is turned on. 14. The method, as recited in claim 12, wherein the step (b) further comprises a step of remotely controlling said electrical compressor in an on and off manner to pre-cool said interior of said auto-vehicle before said engine thereof is turned on. 15. The method, as recited in claim 11, wherein the step (a) further comprises the steps of: (a.1) providing one or more solar energy collecting panels on a roof of said auto-vehicle, wherein each of said solar energy collecting panels is orientated for exposing in sunlight to collect said solar energy; and (a.2) converting said solar energy collected from said solar energy collecting panels into said electrical energy to be stored in said power storage. 16. The method, as recited in claim 15, wherein the step (a) further comprises the steps of: (a.1) providing one or more solar energy collecting panels on a roof of said auto-vehicle, wherein each of said solar energy collecting panels is orientated for exposing in sunlight to collect said solar energy; and (a.2) converting said solar energy collected from said solar energy collecting panels into said electrical energy to be stored in said power storage. 17. The method as recited in claim 11 wherein, in the step (b), said electrical compressor is manually activated for generating said cooling air when said engine of said auto-vehicle is turned on. 18. The method as recited in claim 16 wherein, in the step (b), said electrical compressor is manually activated for generating said cooling air when said engine of said auto-vehicle is turned on. 19. The method as recited in claim 11 wherein, in the step (c), said electrical compressor is deactivated when a level of said electrical energy in said power storage is low. 20. The method as recited in claim 18 wherein, in the step (c), said electrical compressor is deactivated when a level of said electrical energy in said power storage is low. 21. An auto-vehicle, comprising: an engine; a solar energy supply arrangement, which comprises: a solar energy collector mounting to a roof of said auto-vehicle, wherein said solar energy collector has a collecting surface orientated for exposing in sunlight to collect solar energy; and a power storage electrically connecting to said solar energy collector for converting said solar energy into electrical energy and for storing said electrical energy; and a dual-powered air conditioning system, which comprises: an engine-powered compressor powered by said engine for generating a cooling air to an interior of said auto-vehicle via an air duct thereof; and an electrical compressor, which is a non-engine powered compressor, electrically connecting to said power storage, wherein said electrical compressor is adapted for generating said cooling air to said interior of said auto-vehicle via said air duct thereof, such that said electrical compressor is powered free to be operated in responsive to said engine for providing a cooling effect to said interior thereof when said engine of said auto-vehicle is turned off. 22. The auto-vehicle, as recited in claim 21, wherein said solar energy supply arrangement further comprises a thermal control for controlling an interior temperature of said auto-vehicle, wherein said thermal control comprises a thermal sensor for detecting said interior temperature of said auto-vehicle and an auto-thermal switch electrically connecting to said electrical compressor for operatively controlling a cooling level of said cooling air generated from said electrical compressor so as to maintain said interior temperature of said auto-vehicle at a preset temperature when said engine of said auto-vehicle is turned off. 23. The auto-vehicle, as recited in claim 22, wherein said solar energy supply arrangement further comprises a remote thermal switch electrically connecting to said electrical compressor to selectively and remotely control said electrical compressor in an on and off manner for pre-cooling said interior of said auto-vehicle before said engine thereof is turned on. 24. The auto-vehicle, as recited in claim 25, wherein said solar energy collector comprises one or more solar energy collecting panels defining said collecting surface thereon, wherein said solar energy collecting panels are mounted on said roof of said auto-vehicle to collect said solar energy. 25. The auto-vehicle, as recited in claim 24, further comprising a compressor activator for manually activating electrical compressor, wherein said compressor activator operatively connecting to said electrical compressor and is arranged for activating electrical compressor when said engine of said auto-vehicle is turned on. 26. The auto-vehicle, as recited in claim 25, further comprising a power alternator for operatively deactivating said electrical compressor, wherein said power alternator comprises a power deactivator which is operatively connecting to said power storage and is arranged for deactivating said electrical compressor when a level of said electrical energy in said power storage is low, and an alternating relay electrically connecting to said power deactivator for switching on an engine powered compressor of said auto-vehicle when said electrical compressor is deactivated by said power deactivator. 