A gate latch extension handle assembly configured for pivotally engaging a latch arm of a hinged catch of a gate latch assembly on a same side of a gate as the gate latch assembly includes a vertical member with a means for pivotal attachment to the latch arm of the hinged catch of the gate latch assembly. A guide bracket has a guide channel sized and shaped to slidingly receive a portion of the vertical member and allow and guide vertical reciprocating movement of the vertical member through the guide channel. A horizontal member attached to the top end of and perpendicular to the vertical member. The vertical member transmits to the latch arm force exerted on the horizontal member. Components may optionally include a phosphorescent polymer coating or additive to glow in the dark. A removable, permanently attached or integrally formed handgrip surrounds at least a portion of the horizontal member. Optionally, an adjustable extension is attached to the bottom end of the vertical member.
Claims 1. A gate latch extension handle assembly configured for pivotally engaging a latch arm of a hinged catch of a gate latch assembly on a same side of a gate as the gate latch assembly, said gate latch extension handle assembly comprising: a vertical member having a first width and a first length, a bottom end and a top end, and a means for pivotal attachment to the latch arm of the hinged catch of the gate latch assembly; a guide bracket having a guide channel sized and shaped to slidingly receive a portion of the vertical member and allow and guide vertical reciprocating movement of the vertical member through said guide channel; and a horizontal member attached to the top end of and perpendicular to the vertical member, said horizontal member having a second width and a second length, and said vertical member transmitting to said latch arm force exerted on said horizontal member. 2. A gate latch extension handle assembly according to claim 1, the first length being 2 to 12 inches. 3. A gate latch extension handle assembly according to claim 1, the second length being 2 to 6 inches. 4. A gate latch extension handle assembly according to claim 1, further comprising a handgrip surrounding at least a portion of said horizontal member. 5. A gate latch extension handle assembly according to claim 1, further comprising a removable handgrip surrounding at least a portion of said horizontal member. 6. A gate latch extension handle assembly according to claim 1, further comprising an integral handgrip surrounding at least a portion of said horizontal member. 7. A gate latch extension handle assembly according to claim 1, further comprising a handgrip, said hand grip being hollow and including an open end, an interior compartment and an exterior gripping surface, at least a portion of said horizontal member being received through said open end and into said interior compartment. 8. A gate latch extension handle assembly according to claim 1, further comprising a handgrip surrounding at least a portion of said horizontal member, said hand grip comprising an elastomer and a phosphorescent polymer additive in an amount effective to absorb energy from solar radiation and continue to release that energy as visible light in dark conditions. 9. A gate latch extension handle assembly according to claim 1, wherein said guide bracket comprises a u-shaped body defining a vertical guide channel through which a portion of the vertical member is slidingly disposed, said channel having a depth, said depth being greater than the first width of the vertical member, allowing and guiding reciprocating motion of the vertical member without binding. 10. A gate latch extension handle assembly according to claim 1, wherein said guide bracket comprises: a u-shaped body defining a vertical guide channel through which a portion of the vertical member is slidingly disposed, said channel having a depth, said depth being greater than the first width of the vertical member, allowing and guiding reciprocating motion of the vertical member without binding; and a pair of mounting tabs extending from opposite sides of said u-shaped body, each of said pair of mounting tabs including at least one mounting hole. 11. A gate latch extension handle assembly according to claim 1, said gate latch extension handle assembly including a phosphorescent polymer coating in an amount effective to absorb energy from solar radiation and continue to release that energy as visible light in dark conditions. 12. A gate latch extension handle assembly according to claim 1, said means for pivotal attachment to the latch arm of the hinged catch of the gate latch assembly comprising a clevis pin and aperture. 13. A gate latch extension handle assembly according to claim 1, said means for pivotal attachment to the latch arm of the hinged catch of the gate latch assembly comprising a clevis pin and circular aperture. 14. A gate latch extension handle assembly according to claim 1, said means for pivotal attachment to the latch arm of the hinged catch of the gate latch assembly comprising a clevis pin and an elongate aperture. 15. A gate latch extension handle assembly according to claim 1, further comprising an adjustable extension means attached to the bottom end of the vertical member. 16. A gate latch extension handle assembly according to claim 1, further comprising a hollow adjustable extension sleeve attached to the bottom end of the vertical member, said extension sleeve including a longitudinal aperture on each of two opposite sides of the extension sleeve, said longitudinal apertures defining a range of adjustment, said sleeve being 3 to 12 inches in length. 17. A gate latch extension handle assembly according to claim 1, further comprising a hollow adjustable extension sleeve attached to the bottom end of the vertical member, said extension sleeve including a longitudinal aperture on each of two opposite sides of the extension sleeve, said longitudinal apertures defining a range of adjustment, and an extension sleeve attachment means for pivotal attachment to the latch arm of the hinged catch of the gate latch assembly. 18. A gate latch extension handle assembly according to claim 1, further comprising a hollow adjustable extension sleeve attached to the bottom end of the vertical member, said extension sleeve including a longitudinal aperture on each of two opposite sides of the extension sleeve, said longitudinal apertures defining a range of adjustment, and an extension sleeve attachment means for pivotal attachment to the latch arm of the hinged catch of the gate latch assembly, said extension sleeve attachment means comprising a clevis pin and an elongate aperture. 19. A gate latch extension handle assembly according to claim 1, said horizontal member being pivotally attached to the top end of and perpendicular to the vertical member. 20. A gate latch extension handle assembly according to claim 1, said horizontal member being attached to the vertical member by at least one intermediate member. 