When, according to the invention, a drive unit for trailers or caravans is arranged such that it comprises a chassis (2) with crawler sections (3), a coupling device (4) having first and second coupling parts (28, 29), said coupling parts (29) being arranged on the hitch triangle (30) behind the normal hitch coupling and behind the nose wheel, and the drive unit additionally comprises means for steering and maneuvering the unit, a good weight distribution is achieved between main wheel and drive unit, so that it is easy to control the placing of the trailer or of the caravan, without having to worry about the risk of colliding with the neighbour or damaging one's own vehicle.
Claims 1. A motorized, maneuverable drive unit having crawler sections with crawler belts, said drive unit being adapted to be mounted on a hitch triangle of trailers and caravans in particular, said hitch triangle being equipped with a hitch coupling and a nose wheel, wherein the drive unit (1) comprises a chassis (2) with a coupling device (4) having a first coupling part (28) and a second coupling part (29), said first coupling part being arranged on the chassis, and said second coupling part being suitable for mounting in a secured manner on the hitch triangle (30) behind the hitch coupling and the nose wheel, and wherein the drive unit also comprises an energy supply and means for steering and maneuvering the drive unit, and wherein the coupling device (4) additionally comprises a bracket (17) which is arranged on the chassis (2), and to which the first coupling part (28) is secured, as well as a second bracket (31) which is suitable for mounting on the hitch triangle (30), and to which the second coupling part (29) is secured, and wherein the coupling parts (28, 29) are adapted to engage each other, characterized in that the first coupling part (28) comprises an outer pipe (32) and an inner pipe (33), said inner pipe being pivotally connected with the chassis (2) by a bolt (18) and the bracket (17), said outer pipe being rotatable about the central axis of the pipe, said pipes being mutually displaceable along their common central axis, and that the second coupling part (29) comprises a bracket (31) having at least two fixing brackets (41, 41a), said fixing brackets being adapted to be mounted on the hitch triangle (30) on each of the forwardly pointing side member profiles, and which are additionally interconnected by an adjustable profile (42) for absorbing pressure and torsion impacts applied to the hitch triangle by the drive unit. 2. A drive unit according to claim 1, characterized in that the free end (34) of the inner pipe is provided with a bearing bushing (35) for coupling to the bracket (17), and that the opposite end (36) of the inner pipe is provided with a collar bushing (37) which is adapted to the internal diameter of the outer pipe, and that it is additionally provided with one or more spacer elements (38), and that the outer pipe is provided with a coupling plate (39) which fits the second coupling part (29), and that the coupling plate is provided with a spring-loaded locking device (40). 3. A drive unit according to claim 1 or 2, characterized in that the coupling part (29) comprises a guide (43) for receiving the coupling plate (39), and that the guide is defined upwardly by the lower plate part of the fixing bracket (41), said plate part being provided with a locking hole (44) and a wedge-shaped milled portion (45) directed toward the locking hole. 4. A drive unit according to claim 3, characterized in that the outer side of the crawler belt (14) is provided with a strong, friction-generating pattern (16) of plastics or rubber. 5. A drive unit according to claim 1, characterized in that the steering and control means comprise a wireless as well as a non-wireless connection between the motor control system (8, 9) and a remote control unit. 6. A drive unit according to claim 1, characterized in that the chassis (2) additionally comprises an enclosure (22) for a battery (23), a charging circuit (7) for the battery, an electrical motor control circuit (8) and an electrical communications circuit (9) for wireless control of the drive unit, that a solar cell module (24) is additionally arranged on the top plate of the chassis, that the charging circuit (7) is adapted to cooperate with the battery (23) and with the solar cell module (24), that the end plate of the chassis is provided with a charging plug for an external charging unit, that the motor control circuit (8) is provided with a soft start function and is adapted to control at least two motors individually and to cooperate with the communications circuit (9), and that the communications circuit is adapted to operate with wireless signals based on coded, infrared light or coded signals in the radio frequency range or with non-wireless signals. 7. A drive unit according to claim 2, characterized in that the coupling part (29) comprises a guide (43) for receiving the coupling plate (39), and that the guide is defined upwardly by the lower plate part of the fixing bracket (41), said plate part being provided with a locking hole (44) and a wedge-shaped milled portion (45) directed toward the locking hole. 8. A drive unit according to claim 7, characterized in that the outer side of the crawler belt (14) is provided with a strong, friction-generating pattern (16) of plastics or rubber. 