A hummingbird feeder includes a solar panel power source for illuminating a reservoir of liquid hummingbird food so that the hummingbird can find it at night. The solar panel itself preferably hangs below the feeder in a flexible manner so that it can collect the maximum amount of sunlight and swing in the breeze. An LED attached to the solar power source is positioned to illuminate the liquid reservoir from within the reservoir. The parts that comprise the feeder are easily disassembled for washing and cleaning.
Claims 1. A flying-animal feeding apparatus having a top and a bottom, said apparatus comprising: an at least partly light-transmissive reservoir for holding a liquid to be consumed by at least one animal that is capable of flight; at least one light source attached to said apparatus for illuminating at least part of said liquid within said reservoir; connections for a battery means to power said at least one light source; an activation circuit to provide power to said at least one light source only at low light levels; and a solar cell means connected to said battery means for charging said battery means. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said reservoir is substantially enclosed. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein said reservoir includes an upper and a lower portion such that said at least one light source illuminates at least part of said upper portion. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said solar cell means is located below said reservoir. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 wherein said solar cell means is suspended by flexible wires below said reservoir. 6. The apparatus of claim 3 further comprising: a weight sensing detector means attached to said apparatus and said control circuit means for detecting when said reservoir needs to be refilled with said liquid; and wherein said at least one light source illuminates to indicate that said reservoir needs to be refilled with said liquid. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said at least one light source comprises at least one diode that emits light. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein said at least one diode that emits light comprises at least one diode that emits light significantly in the ultraviolet light spectrum and wherein said reservoir contains material that exhibits luminescence after excitation by said light significantly in the ultraviolet light spectrum. 9. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein said at least one diode that emits light comprises at a first diode that emits light in a first wavelength and at least a second diode that emits light in a second wavelength. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said at least one light source is located adjacent to said reservoir. 11. The apparatus of claim 10 wherein said reservoir has a wall and said at least one light source is mounted in said wall. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: attachment means connected to said apparatus; and, mounting means connectable to said attachment means for suspending said apparatus. 13. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: coupling means for attaching said reservoir to said apparatus, wherein said coupling means can be manipulated by a user so that said reservoir may be removed from said apparatus. 14. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: coupling means for attaching said at least one light source to said apparatus, wherein said coupling means can be manipulated by a user so that said light source may be removed from said apparatus. 15. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising an at least partially light-transmissive lens covering at least part of said at least one light source. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, further comprising a riser portion for positioning said connections above a ground surface. 17. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein during use, said liquid at least partially fills said reservoir up to a level such that when said at least one light source illuminates said reservoir, such that said liquid is at least partly illuminated such that said level may be discerned by a user. 18. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising securing means for locating said apparatus in a substantially fixed position above a ground surface. 19. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein said securing means is a ground spike for positioning said connections above a ground surface. 20. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein said securing means is a suspension ring. 21. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a canopy above said reservoir and wherein said at least one light source illuminates at least part of the interior of said reservoir. 22. The apparatus of claim 21, further comprising at least one conductive reservoir cable having an upper end attached to said canopy and a lower end, wherein said reservoir is connected to said lower end and suspended below said canopy and wherein said canopy supports said solar cell means. 23. The apparatus of claim 21 wherein some illumination from said light source is reflected by at least part of said liquid in said reservoir and emitted outwards through a portion of said reservoir. 24. The apparatus of claim 23 further comprising a connector; wherein at least one light source is at least partially disposed within said connector. 25. The apparatus of claim 24, wherein said connector has securing means to support said reservoir without detaching through force of gravity. 26. An apparatus for use with a liquid-fillable flying-animal feeder comprising: at least one light source attached to said apparatus for illuminating at least part of a liquid within said liquid-fillable flying-animal feeder; electrical connections for a battery means to power said at least one light source; an activation circuit to power said at least one light source only at low light levels; a solar cell means connected to said battery means for charging said battery means; positioning means for positioning said at least one light source relative to said liquid-fillable flying-animal feeder; and mechanical connection means for releasably connecting said at least one light source to said liquid-fillable flying-animal feeder. 27. The apparatus of claim 26, wherein said mechanical connection means comprises a resilient plug portion for releasably inserting said at least one light source into an aperture in said feeder. 28. The apparatus of claim 26 wherein at least one light source is positioned within said mechanical connection means. 29. The apparatus of claim 28, wherein said mechanical connection means has securing means to support said reservoir without detaching through force of gravity. 30. The apparatus of claim 26, further comprising a post. 31. The apparatus of claim 26 wherein said solar cell means is located below said at least one light source. 32. The apparatus of claim 29 wherein said solar cell means is flexibly suspended below said at least one light source. 33. The apparatus of claim 32 wherein said battery means is located below said at least one light source. 34. An apparatus for illuminating the food reservoir of a flying-animal feeder comprising: at least one light source attached to said apparatus for illuminating at least part of said food reservoir; electrical connections for a battery means to power said at least one light source, wherein said electrical connections are located below said at least one light source; an activation circuit to power said at least one light source only at low light levels; a solar cell means connected to said battery means for charging said battery means and wherein said solar cell means is flexibly suspended below said at least one light source; and positioning means for positioning said at least one light source relative to said food reservoir. 35. The apparatus of claim 34, further comprising mechanical connection means for releasably connecting said solar cell means to said flying-animal feeder. 36. The apparatus of claim 34 wherein said electrical connections are flexibly suspended below said at least one light source. 37. An apparatus for use with a flying-animal feeder having a reservoir for holding flying-animal feed, said apparatus comprising: an upper support means; a housing suspended from said upper support means; a lower support means extending below said housing, wherein said lower support means supports said feeder; a weight sensing detector means attached to said lower support means for detecting when said reservoir needs to be refilled with said feed; an alert means connected to said weight sensing detector for alerting a user when said reservoir needs to be refilled with said feed; and connections for a battery means to power said alert means. 38. The apparatus of claim 37, further comprising a solar cell means connected to said battery means for charging said battery means. 39. The apparatus of claim 37, wherein said alert means comprises at least one light source and an activation circuit to power said at least one light source only at low light levels. 40. The apparatus of claim 39, further comprising a solar cell means connected to said battery means for charging said battery means. 41. A lighting apparatus comprising: a housing; a rechargeable electric power source disposed in said housing; at least one lighting element disposed within said housing and conductively coupled to said rechargeable electrical power source; at least two solar panels including: at least one first solar panel mounted on a surface of said light housing, and at least one second solar panel releasably suspended from and disposed below said light housing; and wherein said at least two solar panels are coupled to said rechargeable electrical power source. 42. A lighting apparatus comprising: a lens; at least one light source mounted to direct light through at least part of said lens; electrical connections for a battery means to power said at least one light source, wherein said electrical connections are flexibly suspended below said lens; and a solar cell means connected to said battery means for charging said battery means, and wherein said solar cell means is flexibly suspended below said at least one light source. 43. The apparatus of claim 42, wherein said battery means is suspended below said at least one light source. 44. The apparatus of claim 43, wherein said lens is releasably connected to a liquid-fillable flying-animal feeder having a reservoir; and wherein said at least one light source illuminates at least part of the interior of said reservoir when said lens is connected to said feeder. 45. A lighting apparatus, comprising: a suspension member; at least one chime member for producing at least one sound, wherein said at least one chime member is movably suspended below said suspension member; a pendulum assembly movably suspended from said suspension member such that said pendulum assembly and said at least one chime member move relative to each other; at least one light source situated such that a portion of said pendulum assembly emits light; electrical connections for a battery means to power said at least one light source; an activation circuit to power said at least one light source from said battery means only at low light levels; and a solar cell means connected to said battery means for charging said battery means. 46. The apparatus of claim 45, wherein said solar cell means is suspended below said suspension member. 47. The apparatus of claim 45, wherein said at least one chime member is at least a first tube and at least a second tube, and wherein when said first tube is moved by force of wind into contact with either at least part of said pendulum assembly or into contact with said second tube causing vibration of at least said first tube to produce said at least one sound. 48. The apparatus of claim 47, wherein at least part of the light emitted by said pendulum assembly is reflected by at least part of an external surface of said first tube. (Support found in Provisional application 60/942,382 Page 7 lines 19-23) 49. The apparatus of claim 47, wherein said pendulum assembly further comprises a striker element adjacent to said at least first and second tubes, and wherein said striker element emits light. 50. The apparatus of claim 45, wherein said pendulum assembly further comprises a wind catcher element proximate to a lower end of said pendulum assembly, and wherein said wind catcher element emits light. 51. The apparatus of claim 45, wherein said suspension member is a ring. 52. The apparatus of claim 45 wherein said suspension member is a housing and wherein said electrical connections are disposed in said housing. 53. A lighting apparatus comprising: a suspension member; at least one light source supported by said member and wherein at least some light emitted by said light source is directed below at least part of said member; a lens having a cavity and extending to cover at least part of said light source and wherein said lens comprises luminescent material such that light from said light source causes at least part of said lens to luminesce; electrical connections for at least one rechargeable power source; an activation circuit to power said at least one light source from said rechargeable power source only at low light levels; and a solar cell means connected to said battery means for charging said battery means. 54. The lighting apparatus of claim 53, wherein said lens is a liquid-fillable reservoir for holding food for a flying animal. 55. A lighting apparatus comprising: a suspension member; at least one light source flexibly suspended below at least part of said member; an at least partially light-transmissive, substantially hollow and substantially enclosed lens proximate to at least part of said light source and wherein light from said light source causes at least a portion of said lens to emit light; at least one wind indicator moveable by force of a wind and suspended below at least part of said member such that at least part of said at least one wind indicator moves relative to said lens; wherein at least part of said light emitted via said lens is reflected by at least part of an external surface of said at least one wind indicator such that the movement of said at least one wind indicator is visible at low light levels; electrical connections for a battery means to power said at least one light source; an activation circuit to provide power to said at least one light source from said battery means only at low light levels; and a solar cell means connected to said battery means for charging said battery means. 56. The apparatus of claim 54, wherein said battery means is disposed in a battery compartment suspended from said member and movable in relation to said member and to said lens. (to catch wind spinner with panel and battery below--supported by FIG. 6 in the parent wind indicator application) 57. The apparatus of claim 56, wherein said lens is a liquid-fillable reservoir for holding food for a flying animal. 58. A lighting apparatus comprising: a riser portion; a connecting frame connected to said riser portion; at least one light source, wherein said light source emits light directed above at least part of said riser portion; a lens extending to cover at least part of said light source and wherein light from said light source causes at least part of said lens to illuminate; a surround frame connected to said apparatus proximate to the intersection of said connecting frame and said riser portion such that some light passes through said lens to illuminate at least part of said surround frame from below at least part of said surround frame; electrical connections for a battery means to power said at least one light source, wherein said riser portion positions said connections above a ground surface; an activation circuit to power said at least one light source only at low light levels; and a solar cell means connected to said battery means for charging said battery means. (Supported in parent issued U.S. Pat. No. 7,336,157 at FIG. 11 & Column 19 lines--50-56) 59. The solar lamp of claim 58 wherein said lens comprises luminescent material and wherein light from said light source causes at least part of said lens to luminesce. 60. The solar lamp of claim 58, wherein said lens comprises glass portions of at least a first color and a second color and wherein light emitted by said light source causes said glass portions to illuminate with more than one color. (Supported in parent issued U.S. Pat. No. 7,336,157 at Column 19 lines--23-26) 61. The solar lamp of claim 58 wherein said lens is substantially spherical and wherein said surround frame at least partially encircles said lens and wherein, said surround frame includes a shape of one of an insect, flower, geometric shape, astronomical shape. (Supported in parent issued U.S. Pat. No. 7,336,157 at FIG. 11 & Column 19 lines--63-67--this claim is directed to avoid attempt to imply that the specification or claim 5 teaches away from the claimed embodiments of claim 8) 62. The apparatus of claim 61, wherein said lens is a liquid food reservoir. 