A photovoltaic wire is presented where the active layers coat a metallic wire, preferably aluminum. The active layers are an array of doped silicon nanowires electrically attached to the metallic wire that extend from the surface of the wire into a layer of semiconducting polymer, preferably polyaniline. The surface of the polymer is coated with a transparent conductor to complete the photovoltaic circuit.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic device comprising: An insulating porous layer that substantially coats a portion of a surface of a first conductor, said porous layer having a plurality of pores, each pore having a bottom substantially at the surface of the first conductor and an opening at the opposing surface of the porous layer, A semiconducting layer that at least partially covers the opposing surface of the portion of the porous layer; A second conductor that at least partially covers the semiconducting layer; and A plurality of semiconducting nanowires, each with two ends, where at least one of the semiconducting nanowires pass through one of the pores where the first end of said at least one semiconducting nanowires is electrically connected to the first conductor at the bottom of the pore and the second end of said at least one semiconducting nanowires extends substantially past the opening of the pore into the semiconducting layer. 2. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the semiconducting nanowire is comprised of silicon. 3. The photovoltaic device of claim 2 where there is substantially no oxide layer between the semiconducting nanowire and the semiconducting layer. 4. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where there is substantially no barrier layer between the bottom of the pores and the surface of the first conductor. 5. The photovoltaic device of claim 2 where there is substantially no barrier layer between the bottom of the pores and the surface of the first conductor. 6. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the semiconducting nanowire extends between approximately 10 nanometers and 5 micron past the outer surface of the porous coating layer. 7. The photovoltaic device of claim 6 where the semiconducting nanowire is comprised of silicon. 8. The photovoltaic device of claim 7 where there is substantially no oxide layer between the semiconducting nanowire and the semiconducting layer. 9. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the semiconducting nanowire extends between approximately 5 microns and 30 microns past the outer surface of the porous coating layer. 10. The photovoltaic device of claim 9 where the semiconducting nanowire is comprised of silicon. 11. The photovoltaic device of claim 10 where there is substantially no oxide layer between the semiconducting nanowire and the semiconducting layer. 12. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the semiconducting nanowire extends between approximately 30 microns and 200 microns past the outer surface of the porous coating layer. 13. The photovoltaic device of claim 12 where the semiconducting nanowire is comprised of silicon. 14. The photovoltaic device of claim 13 where there is substantially no oxide layer between the semiconducting nanowire and the semiconducting layer. 15. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where there the plurality of semiconducting nanowires are spaced between approximately 10 nanometers to 100 nanometers center to center. 16. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where there the plurality of semiconducting nanowires are spaced between approximately 100 nanometers to 500 nanometers center to center. 17. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the plurality of semiconducting nanowires have diameters between approximately 10 nanometers to 100 nanometers. 18. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the plurality of semiconducting nanowires have diameters between approximately 100 nanometers to 500 nanometers. 19. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the plurality of semiconducting nanowires have a density between approximately 10.sup.8 cm.sup.-2 and 10.sup.12 cm.sup.-2. 20. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the thickness of the porous coating is between approximately 50 nanometers and 500 nanometers. 21. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the thickness of the porous coating is between approximately 500 nanometers and 50 microns. 22. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the thickness of the porous coating is at least approximately 500 nanometers thick. 23. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the semiconducting nanowire is an n-type semiconductor and the semiconducting layer behaves with a p-type charge carrying property. 24. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the semiconducting nanowire is a p-type semiconductor and the semiconducting layer behaves with an n-type charge carrying property. 25. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the semiconducting nanowire is doped n-type beginning at approximately the tip of the first end and for a predetermined distance along its length and substantially un-doped throughout the remaining length and the semiconducting layer behaves with a p-type charge carrying property. 26. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the porous coating is an oxide of the first conductor. 27. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the porous coating is aluminum oxide. 28. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the porous coating is one of either: titania, silica, zinc oxide, zirconium oxide, lanthanum oxide, niobium oxide, tungsten oxide, tin oxide, indium oxide, indium tin oxide, strontium oxide, vanadium oxide or molybdenum oxide. 29. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the thickness of the porous coating layer is substantially the same around the periphery of the axial cross section of the first conductor. 30. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where there is substantially no barrier layer between the bottom of the pores and the surface of the first conductor. 31. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the semiconducting nanowires are made from one of either: Ge, GaSb, GaN, GaAs, InP, AlGaAs, InGaSb, InGaAsSb or GaInNAs. 32. The photovoltaic device of claim 31 where there is substantially no oxide layer between the semiconducting nanowire and the semiconducting layer. 33. The photovoltaic device of claim 31 where there is substantially no barrier layer between the bottom of the pores and the surface of the first conductor. 34. (canceled) 35. The photovoltaic device of claim 34 where the band gap is less than approximately 2 electron-volts. 36. The photovoltaic device of claim 34 where the band gap is less than approximately 1 electron-volts. 37. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the semiconducting layer is one of either: Polyacetylene, Polythiophene, Poly(3-alkyl)thiophene, Polypyrrole, Polyisothiaphthene, Polyetheltene dioxythiophene, Polyparaphenelyne vinylene, Poly (2,5 dialkoxy)paraphenylene, Polyparaphenylene, Polyparaphenylene sulphide, Polyheptadiyne or Poly 3-hexylthiophene poly(1,4-phenylene vinylene), poly(pyrrole), and polyacetylene. 38. The photovoltaic device of claim 37 where the semiconducting layer is doped to have a complementary charge carrying property relative to the semiconducting nanowires. 39. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the semiconducting layer is Polyanaline. 40. The photovoltaic device of claim 39 where the polyanaline is doped to have a complementary charge carrying property relative to the semiconducting nanowires. 41. The photovoltaic device of claim 39 where the dopant is one of either: dodecylbenzene sulfonic acid, camphor-sulfonic acid, p-toluenesulfonic acid, AsF.sub.3, I.sub.2, CN. 42. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the second conducting layer is Indium Tin Oxide. 43. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the second conducting layer is Invisicon. 44-49. (canceled) 50. The photovoltaic device of claim 17 where the nanowires extend at least approximately 1 micron past the outer surface of the porous layer. 51. The photovoltaic device of claim 18 where the nanowires extend at least approximately 5 microns past the outer surface of the porous layer. 52-76. (canceled) 77. A photovoltaic device comprising silicon nanowires where the spectral absorption is greater than approximately 50% for radiation wavelengths between approximately 450 nanometers and 2500 nanometers. 78. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 where the silicon nanowires have a spectral absorption greater than approximately 50% for radiation wavelengths between approximately 450 nanometers and 2500 nanometers. 79. The photovoltaic device of claim 77 further comprising: a semiconducting layer, a substantially transparent conducting layer, and a conducting layer, whereby the silicon nanowires are electrically connected to the conducting layer and extend into the semiconducting layer through an insulating porous layer. 80-81. (canceled) 82. A nanostructured electrical device comprising: A first conductor with a surface; An insulating porous layer with a top and bottom surface that covers a portion of the surface of the first conductor, the top surface of the porous layer opposing the surface of the first conductor, said porous layer having a plurality of pores, each pore having a first and second opening at the top and bottom surface of the porous layer, respectively; A plurality of extrinsic semiconducting nanowires of a first type, each with two ends, where at least one of the semiconducting nanowires pass through one of the pores such that the first end of said at least one semiconducting nanowires is electrically connected to the first conductor in proximity to the second opening of the pore and the second end of the at least one semiconducting nanowires extends substantially past the first opening of the pore and is in operative contact with a semiconductor of a second type. 83. The nanostructured electrical device of claim 82 where the semiconducting nanowire is comprised of silicon. 84. The nanostructured electrical device of claim 82 where the semiconducting nanowire is substantially monocrystalline. 85. The nanostructured electrical device of claim 82 where the semiconducting nanowire is comprised of GaSb. 86. The nanostructured electrical device of claim 82 where there is substantially no barrier layer between the bottom of the pores and the surface of the first conductor. 87. The nanostructured electrical device of claim 82 where the semiconducting nanowire extends between approximately 500 nanometers and 30 microns past the top surface of the porous layer. 88. The nanostructured electrical device of claim 82 where the semiconducting nanowire extends between approximately 30 microns and 120 microns past the top surface of the porous layer. 89. The nanostructured electrical device of claim 82 where there the plurality of semiconducting nanowires are spaced between approximately 50 nanometers and 500 nanometers center to center. 90. The nanostructured electrical device of claim 82 where the thickness of the porous layer is between approximately 50 nanometers and 50 microns. 91. The nanostructured electrical device of claim 82 where the thickness of the porous layer is between approximately 2 microns and 8 microns. 92. The nanostructured electrical device of claim 82 where the porous layer is anodic aluminum oxide. 93. The nanostructured electrical device of claim 82 where the porous layer is one of either: titania, silica, zinc oxide, zirconium oxide, lanthanum oxide, niobium oxide, tungsten oxide, tin oxide, indium oxide, indium tin oxide, strontium oxide, vanadium oxide or molybdenum oxide. 94. The nanostructured electrical device of claim 82 where the semiconducting nanowires are made from one of either: Ge, GaN, GaAs, InP, AlGaAs, InGaSb, InGaAsSb or GaInNAs. 95. The nanostructured electrical device of claim 82 where the band gap of the first semiconductor type is between approximately 0.38 and 0.7 electron-volts. 96. The nanostructured electrical device of claim 82 where the first conductor is a metal and the porous layer is an oxide of the same metal. 97. The nanostructured electrical device of claim 96 where the metal is Aluminum. 98. The nanostructured electrical device of claim 82 where the porous layer is an oxide formed by anodizing a portion of the first conductor. 99. The nanostructured electrical device of claim 82 where the semiconducting nanowires comprising the nanostructured electrical device have a spectral absorption greater than approximately 50% for radiation wavelengths between approximately 450 nanometers and 2500 nanometers. 100. The nanostructured electrical device of claim 82 where the semiconductor of the second type is a polymer. 101. The nanostructured electrical device of claim 82 where a layer of an intrinsic semiconductor is situated between the first and second semiconductor layers such that the semiconducting nanowires are coated with the intrinsic semiconductor layer and are operatively connected to the second semiconductor type layer by an electrical path through the intrinsic semiconductor layer. 102. A method for making a nanostructured electrical device comprising: Anodizing a metal layer in contact with the surface of a conducting layer to produce a porous metal oxide insulating layer comprised of a plurality of pores, each pore extending from a first surface of the oxide layer to the opposing second surface of the oxide layer, said first surface of the oxide layer being in proximity to the surface of the conducting layer; Growing a plurality of extrinsic semiconducting nanowires such that at least one of the plurality of semiconducting nanowires grows through at least one of the plurality of pores and makes electrical contact with the conducting layer and extends from the surface of the conducting layer substantially past the opposing second surface of the porous oxide layer; Coating a substantial portion of the semiconducting nanowires extending past the oxide layer with a semiconductor of a second type. 103. The method of claim 102 where the anodization step further comprises substantially clearing at least one of the plurality of pores of material that would impede the electrical connection between the semiconducting nanowires and the first conductor. 104. The method of claim 103 where the clearing step is comprised of a chemical etch process. 105. The method of claim 102 where the anodization step further comprises monitoring the steady state anodization current over time and stopping the anodization current upon the detection of a substantial increase in the anodization current over the steady state current. 106. The method of claim 105 where the substantial increase in anodization current is approximately two to three times the anodization current prior to the increase. 107. The method of claim 105 where the anodization step comprises a sequence of decreasing of the anodization voltage or the anodization current in a series of at least one step during the last 5% of the anodization process. 108. The method of claim 107 where the anodization step is comprised of anodizing at a first anodization voltage and then reducing the anodization voltage from the first anodization voltage to a second anodization voltage, monitoring the anodization current at the second anodization voltage, detecting the state where the anodization current has approximately plateaued and decreasing the anodization voltage to a third anodization voltage. 109. The method of claim 108 where the difference between the first anodization voltage and second anodization voltage is in the range from approximately 5% to 25% of the first anodization voltage. 110. The method of claim 102 where the growing step is a catalytic VLS technique. 111. The method of claim 110 where the growing step is further comprised of depositing a catalytic seed in at least one of the plurality of pores and etching substantially all of the catalytic seed from the tip of the at least one semiconducting nanowires growing out of said at least one pore. 112. The method of claim 111 where the catalytic seeds are one of either: tin, aluminum, copper, platinum, palladium, nickel or gallium. 113. The method of claim 102 where the step of coating the silicon nanowires is further comprised of substantially removing any oxide from the semiconducting nanowires prior to coating the semiconducting nanowires with the semiconducting layer. 114. The method of claim 102 where the growing step is further comprised of a catalysis where the catalytic reaction occurs in an ambient pressure between 1 and 13 Torr. 