An integrated wind and solar power generating structure has a box shape for facilitating moving, installing, disassembling so as to help promotion. The structure includes a foundation disposed on the ground for supporting the weight of the structure. The foundation has a flagpole for a set of connecting rods to be installed and to rotate on the flagpole. The set of connecting rods includes a plurality of connecting rods connected in series, wherein a wind turbine is installed on the topmost connecting rod for generating wind power. The structure also includes a shaft mechanism having a first end axially connected to a lower end of the set of connecting rods and a second end axially connected to the foundation respectively, and a labor-saving retractable device for driving the set of connecting rods to erect or lay down the wind turbine on the set of connecting rods with regard to an axis of the flagpole. Besides, the foundation has a battery, an electronic controlling device disposed therein to receive power from the wind turbine and a solar panel. The set of connecting rods has each connecting rod disposed with a rope ring and a rope, the rope extends and fixes to a fixed position on the ground when the set of connecting rods is erected or laid down. Besides, a supporting rod is additionally disposed and fixed on the ground, so that when the set of connecting rods is laid down, it was laid upon the supporting rod and tied up to the supporting rod and other immobile objects nearby.
Claims 1. An integrated wind and solar power generating structure, comprising: a foundation disposed on ground for supporting the weight of the structure, the foundation having a battery, an electronic controlling device disposed therein to receive power from a wind turbine and a solar panel; a flagpole for a set of connecting rods to be installed and to rotate on the flagpole, the flagpole being fixed to the foundation; the set of connecting rods comprising a plurality of connecting rods connected in series, wherein a connecting rod at the lower end is axially connected to the flagpole, and a windmill is installed on the topmost connecting rod for driving a wind turbine to generate wind power, wherein each connecting rod is hollow for conducting an electric wire connecting the wind turbine and the solar panel with the electronic controlling device; a shaft mechanism having a first end axially connected to a lower end of the set of connecting rods and a second end axially connected to the foundation respectively, the shaft mechanism using an axially connected point on the flagpole as an axis to drive the set of connecting rods to rotate with regard to the foundation; a labor-saving retractable device having an end axially connected to a rotating arm for extending or retracting the rotating arm to turn the set of connecting rods to erect or to lay down; the solar panel disposed on top of the foundation, wherein power generated from the solar panel is transmitted through the electric wire to the electronic controlling device in the foundation and then to the battery to provide power source. 2. The integrated wind and solar power generating structure of claim 1, wherein the labor-saving retractable device is a jack, a screw, a labor-saving shaft mechanism, a hydraulic press, or a crane to drive the rotating arm. 3. The integrated wind and solar power generating structure of claim 1, wherein the shaft mechanism comprises a rotating arm, an upper shaft and a pushing rod, the rotating arm having one end axially connected to the foundation, the other end axially being connected to a first end of the upper shaft, while a second end of the upper shaft is axially connected to the lower end of the set of connecting rods; and the pushing rod having ends thereof axially connected to the rotating arm and the labor-saving retractable device respectively, when the retractable device is extending or retracting, the retractable device drives the pushing rod to turn the rotating arm, and then the rotating arm drives the upper shaft to turn the set of connecting rods. 4. The integrated wind and solar power generating structure of claim 1, wherein each one of the set of connecting rods connects with each other through screw mounting or insertion to be fixedly integrated. 5. The integrated wind and solar power generating structure of claim 1, wherein each connecting rod is hollow for conducting the electric wire from the set of connecting rods to the foundation. 6. The integrated wind and solar power generating structure of claim 1, wherein the set of connecting rods has each connecting rod disposed with a rope ring and a rope, the rope extends and fixes to a fixed position on the ground when the set of connecting rods is erected or laid down. 7. The integrated wind and solar power generating structure of claim 1, wherein the set of connecting rods is additionally disposed with a supporting rod, the supporting rod is fixed on the ground, so that when the set of connecting rods is laid down, the set of connecting rods is laid upon the supporting rod and tied up to the supporting rod and other immobile objects nearby. 8. The integrated wind and solar power generating structure of claim 1, wherein the solar panel is removably disposed on the foundation to easily retrieve the solar panel from a container and to dispose the solar panel on the foundation, and the solar panel is also easy to disassemble to be disposed inside the foundation when there's a strong wind blowing, sand or tree branches flying around, besides, electronic controlling device disposed within the foundation can expand a power capacity by enlarging the area of the solar panel. 9. The integrated wind and solar power generating structure of claim 1, wherein the rotating arm is formed in T shape for an axle connecting the pushing rod and the rotating arm to extend outward so as to let the labor-saving retractable device to lay flat inside the foundation. 