The invention relates to a dynamic solar tracking system for making optimal use of solar energy by means of panels of photovoltaic or thermal plates, in which a modular tracker adopting the configuration of a main beam which can be aligned with others of an identical nature is developed, this assembly of main beams being able to pivot with respect to its longitudinal axis, each of these beams being formed by a variable number of modules formed by profiles which as a whole provide each beam with a configuration by way of a tetrahedron mesh, and in each of which there is assembled a secondary beam structure for supporting the panels of plates, this secondary structure being supported by two side supports with respect to which it can rotate with respect to an axis transverse to the longitudinal direction of the main beams. The assembly incorporates control means for the automatic orientation of the panels, and a weather station for providing information to the control means.
Claims 1. A dynamic solar tracking system for making optimal use of the solar energy impinging on the photovoltaic and/or thermal panels forming the installation, characterized in that it consists of the formation of one or more main beams (2) supported by means of supports (1) in relation to the ends of the beams, and making use of the same support (1) for supporting two adjacent aligned beams (2) at the consecutive ends, each main beam (2) being modular and formed by a predetermined number of modules (4) which are successively coupled to one another throughout the length of the beam with the aid of joining nodes (11), and each module (4) consisting of profiles joining together to adopt a configuration by way of a tetrahedron mesh, in each of which profiles there is supported a beam structure (5) supporting a solar plate holding a panel containing the photovoltaic-type (or where appropriate, thermal-type) plates (3), the mentioned structures (5) for supporting the panels of plates (3) being extended transversely to the longitudinal axis of the main beam or succession of main beams, each of said beam structures (5) being supported by two end supports linked to the corresponding main beam (2) in a swinging manner, rotating according to an axis transverse to the beam, for the purpose of providing a first degree of freedom, and the main beam or beams (2) being able to pivot with respect to the points for the fastening to the end support elements (1) according to the longitudinal axis of the main beam or beams, thus providing a second degree of freedom which together with the first one, allow a precise direction of the mentioned panels of plates (3) in relation to the optimal perpendicularity with the impinging sun rays. 2. A system according to claim 1, characterized in that it comprises a single movement mechanism (7) for the rotation of all the panels (3) installed in relation to the same main beam (2), for the purpose of tilting the capturing surface (3) with respect to the position of the sun. 3. A system according to claim 1, characterized in that it comprises the incorporation of a mechanism (8) acting on the main beam (2) for the purpose of making it swing with respect to its longitudinal axis during the movement for orienting the panels (3). 4. A system according to claim 1, characterized in that it includes computerized control means (9) for monitoring the movements of the tracker and the perfect automatic orientation of the panels (3). 5. A system according to claim 1, characterized in that it further includes the installation of a weather station (10) whereby information is provided to the control means (9) with a view to an optimal positioning of the panels (3) or for its protection against climate effects. 6. A system according to claim 1, characterized in that the main beam or beams (2) are fixed to the end supports (1) at a height such that it allows the obstacle-free swinging of said beam or beams through an angle of an amplitude close to 180.degree.. 