A method of forming a multifunction solar cell including an upper subcell, a middle subcell, and a lower subcell, the method including: providing a substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming a first solar subcell on the substrate having a first band gap; forming a second solar subcell over the first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than the first band gap; forming a graded interlayer over the second subcell using a non-isoelectronic surfactant such as selenium or tellurium, the graded interlayer having a third band gap greater than the second band gap; and forming a third solar subcell over the graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than the second band gap such that the third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to the second subcell.
Claims 1. A method of forming a multifunction solar cell comprising an upper subcell, a middle subcell, and a lower subcell, the method comprising: providing a first substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor; forming an upper first solar subcell on said first substrate having a first band gap; forming a middle second solar subcell over said first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a graded interlayer over said second solar cell using a surfactant; and forming a lower third solar subcell over said graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell. 2. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the graded interlayer has a third band gap greater than said second band gap. 3. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the surfactant is selected from the group of Se and Te. 4. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the upper subcell is composed of InGa(Al)P. 5. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the middle subcell is composed of an GaAs, GaInP, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and a GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 6. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the lower solar subcell is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter layer, or a InGaAs base layer and a InGaP emitter layer. 7. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the graded interlayer is compositionally graded to lattice match the middle subcell on one side and the lower subcell on the other side. 8. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of InGaAlAs. 9. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the graded interlayer has approximately a 1.5 eV band gap throughout its thickness. 10. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the second solar cell and less than or equal to that of the second solar cell and less than or equal to that of the third solar cell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the second solar cell. 11. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein said graded interlayer is composed of nine or more steps of layers of semiconductor material with monotonically changing lattice constant and constant band gap. 12. The method as defined in claim 1, further comprising depositing a contact layer over said third solar subcell and making electrical contact therewith. 13. The method as defined in claim 12, further comprising attaching a surrogate second substrate over said contact layer and removing said first substrate. 14. The method as defined in claim 12, further comprising: patterning said contact layer into a grid; and etching a trough around the periphery of said solar cell so as to form a mesa structure on said surrogate second substrate. 15. A method as defined in claim 13, further comprising thinning the surrogate substrate and mounting the solar cell on a support. 16. A method as defined in claim 13, further comprising removing the surrogate substrate and mounting the solar cell on a support. 17. A method as defined in claim 16, wherein the support is a rigid coverglass. 18. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first semiconductor substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming a first subcell on said substrate comprising a first semiconductor material with a first band gap and a first lattice constant; forming a second subcell comprising a second semiconductor material with a second band gap and a second lattice constant, wherein the second band gap is less than the first band gap and the second lattice constant is greater than the first lattice constant; and forming a lattice constant transition material using a surfactant positioned between the first subcell and the second subcell, said lattice constant transition material having a lattice constant that changes gradually from the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant. 19. The method as defined in claim 18, wherein the surfactant is selected from the group of Se and Te. 20. A method as defined in claim 18, wherein said first subcell is composed of an GaInP, GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and an GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 21. A method as defined in claim 18, wherein the second subcell is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter regions. 22. A method as defined in claim 18, wherein said transition material is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the first subcell and less than or equal to that of the second subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the first subcell. 23. A method as defined in claim 18 wherein the transition material is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x)yAl.sub.1-yAs, with x and y selected such that the band gap of the transition material remains constant at a band gap energy greater than that of said first subcell. 24. A method as defined in claim 20, wherein the band gap of the transition material remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV. 25. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first semiconductor substrate; depositing on a first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell including a surfactant assisted buffer layer; mounting a surrogate second substrate on top of the sequence of layers; and removing the first substrate. 26. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the surfactant is selected from the group of Se and Te. 27. The method as defined in claim 25, wherein the sequence of layers of semiconductor material forms a triple junction solar cell, including top, middle and bottom solar subcells. 28. The method as defined in claim 25, wherein the mounting step includes adhering the solar cell to the surrogate substrate. 29. The method as defined in claim 25, wherein the surrogate substrate is selected from the group of sapphire, Ge, GaAs, or silicon. 30. The method as defined in claim 25, wherein the solar cell is bonded to said surrogate substrate by an adhesive. 31. The method as defined in claim 25, wherein the solar cell is eutectically bonded to the surrogate substrate. 32. The method as defined in claim 25, further comprising thinning the surrogate substrate to a predetermined thickness. 33. The method as defined in claim 25, further mounting the solar cell on a rigid coverglass; and removing the surrogate substrate. 34. The method as defined in claim 33, wherein the support is a rigid coverglass. 35. A method as defined in claim 27, wherein said middle and bottom subcells are lattice mismatched. 36. A method as defined in claim 35, wherein the buffer layer is a graded interlayer disposed between said middle and bottom subcells, and has a band gap greater than the band gap of said subcell. 37. A method as defined in claim 36, wherein said graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the middle subcell and less than or equal to that of the bottom subcell. 38. A method as defined in claim 36, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x)y Al.sub.1-yAs, with x and y selected such that the band gap of the interlayer remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV. 39. A multifunction solar cell comprising: a first solar subcell having a first band gap; a second solar subcell disposed over the first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than the first band gap; a graded interlayer disposed over the second subcell formed using a surfactant having a third band gap greater than the second band gap; and a third solar subcell disposed over the graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than the second band gap such that the third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to the second subcell. 40. A multifunction solar cell comprising: a first solar subcell having a first band gap; a second solar subcell disposed over the first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than the first band gap; a graded interlayer disposed over the second subcell including selemium or tellurium, having a third band gap greater than the second band gap; and a third solar subcell disposed over the graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than the second band gap such that the third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to the second subcell. 