A structure for road lamps with integrated wind power and solar power comprises a solar panel, a wind turbine generator, an electrically controlling apparatus, a battery, a road lamp, an electric box, a fixing ring, locking rings and a base. It is an independent system to be mounted around a traditional road lamp pole or any pole standing on. The structure utilizes the solar and wind power generated, being used for lighting in the dark. It is not connected either to any power generation service or to the traditional road lamp on the original pole.
Claims 1. A structure for road lamps with integrated wind power and solar power, comprising: a fixing ring, fastened on a road lamp pole, and being for said structure to be hung and positioned; an electric box, hung up on the Antarctic edge of the fixing ring and fastened on the road lamp pole, and being for mounting a solar panel, an electrically controlling apparatus and a battery; a solar panel, fastened as a roof over the electric box, and being for solar power generation; a wind turbine generator, hung up on one edge of the fixing ring and fastened on the lamp pole, and being for wind power generation; a road lamp, hung up on the fixing ring and under the electric box, facing the area to light and fastened on the road lamp pole, and being for lighting; an electrically controlling apparatus, disposed inside the electric box and receiving and integrating the solar and wind power generated, which is input to and stored in a battery, the electrically controlling apparatus being for controlling the time slot of lighting and for managing the access of power from the battery; a battery, disposed inside the electric box and managed by the electrically controlling apparatus, and being for storing the solar and wind power generated and for supplying power to the road lamp or to electric appliances; and a locking ring, fastened on the road lamp pole, and being for positioning and securing the electric box, the wind turbine generator and the road lamp. 2. The structure for road lamps with integrated wind power and solar power according to claim 1, wherein the structure further comprises a base which is to support the structure placed on the ground, serving as a mobile power supply. 3. The structure for road lamps with integrated wind power and solar power according to claim 1, wherein the solar panel and the wind turbine generator are fixed on the Antarctic edge and the Arctic edge of the fixing ring, respectively, to fit to the local geography condition. 4. The structure for road lamps with integrated wind power and solar power according to claim 1, wherein the fixing ring, the locking ring and the structure are designed for easily mounting and dismounting so that the structure can be mounted on the road lamp pole readily. 5. The structure for road lamps with integrated wind power and solar power according to claim 1, wherein the lamp has a suspension rope attached thereto, the suspension rope being used for assisting in hanging and stabilizing the road lamp on the road lamp pole. 