Plant supporting apparatuses designed to hang a planter and plant at a variety of desired locations without lines for external electrical or water supply. Power is provided by solar cells. This construction allows the placement of plants almost anywhere and provides desired routine maintenance automatically. The apparatuses rotate the plant to grow uniformly even though incident light is non-uniform. There are two main assemblies which rotate relative to each other. A pump transfers liquids from a reservoir to a dispensing outlet onto a planter. The pump may be configured to move within the reservoir to stir the water, fertilizer or other liquids being fed to the planter. A planter is also shown which has solar cells and other parts mounted thereon. A control system is used to control operation and ambient light and reservoir liquid level are sensed.
Claims 1. An apparatus for hanging, rotating, and supplying a liquid to a planter positioned in the apparatus, said planter being operable at various hanging locations without needing outside service connections, comprising: a stationary assembly for being hung in a desired hanging location for said apparatus; a rotating assembly rotatably connected to the stationary assembly for relative rotation with respect thereto, said rotating assembly being adapted to rotate a planter supported upon said apparatus; at least one reservoir on said apparatus for holding said liquid; at least one dispenser for dispensing liquid from said at least one reservoir to said planter when positioned in the apparatus; at least one liquid supply for controllably transferring liquid from said at least one reservoir to said at least one dispenser; at least one drive for controllably rotating the rotating assembly relative to the stationary assembly; at least one on-board power generator supported by said apparatus for supplying electrical power used to operate the apparatus; at least one controller for controlling rotation and dispensing of liquid by said at least one dispenser. 2. An apparatus according to claim 1 further comprising at least one planter support forming part of the rotating assembly for supporting said planter. 3. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said at least one liquid supply includes wetted portions which are connected to the rotating assembly and extend into the reservoir and help stir and mix liquid contained therein. 4. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said at least one pump includes wetted portions which extend into the reservoir and help circulate liquid contained therein. 5. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said at least one onboard power supply comprises at least one solar cell which generates electricity. 6. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said at least one rotating assembly is driven by said at least one drive with a gear set between said stationary assembly and said rotating assembly. 7. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said at least one rotating assembly is driven by a drive with a motor on said rotating assembly. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said at least one rotating assembly is driven by a drive with a motor on said stationary assembly. 9. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the rotating assembly has a top cover. 10. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the rotating assembly has a top cover that mounts at least one motor forming part of said at least one drive. 11. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the rotating assembly has a top cover that mounts at least one motor forming part of said at least one drive with a motor mounted within the top cover. 12. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the rotating assembly has a bearing mounted upon a tubular member centrally located within the stationary assembly and adjacent to the at least one reservoir. 13. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said at least one drive includes gear teeth along an upper rim of the stationary assembly. 14. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said at least one drive includes gear teeth along a cover forming part of the rotating assembly. 15. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said at least one controller is affected by ambient light and operates the apparatus when ambient conditions are sufficiently light and renders it inoperative when ambient conditions are relatively dark. 16. An apparatus according to claim 1 and further comprising an ambient light sensor which supplies information to said at least one controller. 17. An apparatus according to claim 1 and further comprising a moisture sensor which supplies information to said at least one controller. 18. An apparatus which is portable and is used for hanging, rotating and providing liquid to a plant, comprising: a stationary assembly for being hung in a desired hanging location for said apparatus; a rotating assembly rotatably connected to the stationary assembly for relative rotation with respect thereto; a planter supported by said rotating assembly; at least one reservoir on said apparatus for holding said liquid; at least one dispenser for dispensing liquid from said at least one reservoir to said planter when positioned in the apparatus; at least one liquid supply for controllably transferring liquid from said at least one reservoir to said at least one dispenser; at least one drive for controllably rotating the rotating assembly relative to the stationary assembly; at least one on-board power generator supported by said apparatus for supplying electrical power used to operate the apparatus; at least one controller for controlling rotation and dispensing of liquid by said at least one dispenser. 19. An apparatus according to claim 18 further comprising at least one planter support forming part of the rotating assembly for supporting said planter. 20. An apparatus according to claim 18 wherein said at least one liquid supply includes wetted portions which extend into the reservoir and help circulate liquid contained therein. 21. An apparatus according to claim 18 wherein said at least one pump includes wetted portions which extend into the reservoir and help circulate liquid contained therein. 22. An apparatus according to claim 18 wherein said at least one onboard power supply comprises at least one solar cell which generates electricity. 23. An apparatus according to claim 18 wherein said at least one rotating assembly is driven by said at least one drive with a gear set between said stationary assembly and said rotating assembly. 24. An apparatus according to claim 18 wherein said at least one rotating assembly is driven by a drive with a motor on said rotating assembly. 25. An apparatus according to claim 18 wherein said at least one rotating assembly is driven by a drive with a motor on said stationary assembly. 26. An apparatus according to claim 18 wherein the rotating assembly has a top cover. 27. An apparatus according to claim 18 wherein the rotating assembly has a top cover that mounts at least one motor forming part of said at least one drive. 28. An apparatus according to claim 18 wherein the rotating assembly has a top cover that mounts at least one motor forming part of said at least one drive with a motor mounted within the top cover. 29. An apparatus according to claim 18 wherein the rotating assembly has a bearing mounted upon a tubular member centrally located within the stationary assembly and adjacent to the at least one reservoir. 30. An apparatus according to claim 18 wherein said at least one drive includes gear teeth along an upper rim of the stationary assembly. 31. An apparatus according to claim 18 wherein said at least one drive includes gear teeth along a cover forming part of the rotating assembly. 32. An apparatus according to claim 18 wherein said at least one controller is affected by ambient light and operates the apparatus when light and renders it inoperative when there is dark. 33. An apparatus according to claim 18 and further comprising an ambient light sensor which supplies information to said at least one controller. 34. An apparatus according to claim 18 and further comprising a moisture sensor which supplies information to said at least one controller. 35. An apparatus for hanging a planter at a variety of desired locations, having: a stationary assembly which encloses a reservoir; a tubular member forming part of the stationary assembly within the reservoir; a rotating assembly which is supported upon a bearing mounted upon the tubular member; at least one drive which rotates the rotating assembly relative to the stationary assembly; at least one on-board electrical power generator which provides electricity to operate the at least one drive; at least one planter support for holding a planter placed upon the apparatus; at least one liquid discharge for controllably discharging liquid onto the at least one planter. 36. An apparatus according to claim 35 wherein said at least one liquid supply includes wetted portions which extend into the reservoir and help circulate liquid contained therein. 37. An apparatus according to claim 35 and further comprising at least one pump for transferring liquid from the reservoir to said at least one liquid discharge. 38. An apparatus according to claim 35 and further comprising at least one pump for transferring liquid from the reservoir to said at least one liquid discharge, said at least one pump being on said rotating assembly and includes wetted portions which extend into the reservoir and help circulate liquid contained therein. 39. An apparatus according to claim 35 wherein the rotating assembly has a top cover that mounts at least one motor forming part of said at least one drive. 40. An apparatus according to claim 35 wherein the rotating assembly has a bearing mounted upon a tubular member centrally located within the stationary assembly and adjacent to the at least one reservoir. 41. An apparatus for hanging a planter at a variety of desired locations, having: a stationary assembly which encloses a reservoir and has a tubular member extending therethrough; a rotating assembly which is supported upon a bearing mounted upon the tubular member; at least one drive which rotates the rotating assembly relative to the stationary assembly using a gear formed along the top of the stationary assembly; at least one on-board electrical power generator which provides electricity to operate the at least one drive; at least one planter support for holding a planter placed upon the apparatus; at least one liquid discharge for controllably discharging liquid onto the at least one planter from said reservoir. 42. An apparatus for hanging a planter at a variety of desired locations, having: a stationary assembly for connection to a location from which the apparatus is to be hung; a rotating assembly which is supported upon the stationary assembly; at least one drive which rotates the rotating assembly relative to the stationary assembly; at least one on-board electrical power generator which provides electricity to operate the at least one drive; at least one planter support for holding a planter placed upon the apparatus; at least one liquid discharge for controllably discharging liquid onto the at least one planter from said reservoir. 43. An apparatus for hanging a planter at a variety of desired locations, having: a stationary assembly for connection to a location from which the apparatus is to be hung; a rotating assembly which is supported upon the stationary assembly; at least one drive which rotates the rotating assembly relative to the stationary assembly; at least one on-board electrical power generator which provides electricity to operate the at least one drive; said at least one on-board electrical power generator being adapted for mounting upon a planter held in the planter holder; at least one planter support for holding a planter placed upon the apparatus; at least one liquid discharge for controllably discharging liquid onto the at least one planter from said reservoir. 44. An apparatus for hanging a planter at a variety of desired locations, having: a stationary assembly for connection to a location from which the apparatus is to be hung; a rotating assembly which is supported upon the stationary assembly; at least one drive which rotates the rotating assembly relative to the stationary assembly; at least one planter support for holding at least one planter placed upon the apparatus; at least one on-board electrical power generator mounted upon said planter which provides electricity to operate the at least one drive; at least one liquid discharge for controllably discharging liquid onto the at least one planter from said reservoir. 45. An apparatus according to claim 44 wherein said at least one on-board electrical power generator is an array of solar cells arranged in a circular array upon the rotating assembly. 46. An apparatus for hanging a planter at a variety of desired locations, having: a stationary assembly for connection to a location from which the apparatus is to be hung; a rotating assembly which is supported upon the stationary assembly; at least one drive which rotates the rotating assembly relative to the stationary assembly; at least one planter support for holding at least one planter placed upon the apparatus; at least one on-board electrical power generator mounted upon said rotating assembly which provides electricity to operate the at least one drive; at least one liquid discharge for controllably discharging liquid onto the at least one planter from said reservoir. 47. An apparatus according to claim 46 wherein said at least one on-board electrical power generator is an array of solar cells arranged in a circular array upon the rotating assembly. 48. An apparatus for hanging a planter at a variety of desired locations, having: a stationary assembly for connection to a location from which the apparatus is to be hung; a rotating assembly which is supported upon the stationary assembly; at least one drive which rotates the rotating assembly relative to the stationary assembly; at least one on-board electrical power generator mounted upon said rotating assembly which provides electricity to operate the at least one drive; at least one reservoir for holding a liquid to be dispensed; at least one liquid transfer which has wetted parts that extend into the at least one reservoir to help circulate the liquid contained in the at least one reservoir; at least one liquid discharge for controllably discharging liquid onto the at least one planter from said reservoir. 49. An apparatus for hanging a planter at a variety of desired locations, having: a stationary assembly for connection to a location from which the apparatus is to be hung; a rotating assembly which is supported upon the stationary assembly; at least one drive which rotates the rotating assembly relative to the stationary assembly; at least one planter support for holding at least one planter placed upon the apparatus; at least one on-board electrical power generator mounted upon said rotating assembly which provides electricity to operate the at least one drive, said at least one on-board electrical power generator includes an array of solar cells that are positioned on the apparatus to have at least one solar cell directed toward a source of light for all rotational positions of the rotating assembly; at least one liquid discharge for controllably discharging liquid onto the at least one planter from said reservoir. 50. An apparatus forming a planter, comprising: a stationary assembly for connection to a location from which the apparatus is to be hung; a rotating assembly which is supported upon the stationary assembly; at least one drive which rotates the rotating assembly relative to the stationary assembly; at least one planter support for holding at least one planter placed upon the apparatus; at least one on-board electrical power generator mounted upon said rotating assembly which provides electricity to operate the at least one drive; at least one liquid discharge for controllably discharging liquid onto the at least one planter from said reservoir. 51. An apparatus forming a planter for growing a plant therein, comprising: a container having at least one side wall; a bottom wall connected to the at least one side wall; an array of solar cells for generating electricity positioned about the at least one side wall. 52. An apparatus according to claim 51 and further comprising an electronic controller for processing the electricity generated by said array of solar cells. 53. An apparatus according to claim 51 and further comprising at least one moisture sensor for sensing the moisture condition of material which can be placed in said apparatus. 54. An apparatus according to claim 51 and further comprising at least one ambient light sensor for sensing the light conditions to which the apparatus is exposed. 