A deployable image sensor includes a detector operable to generate electronic data in accordance with electromagnetic energy incident thereon, optics operable to direct the electromagnetic energy toward the detector, and electronics in electrical communication with the detector, the electronics operable to transmit the electronic data. A structure supports the detector, the optics, and the electronics. A shell surrounds at least a part of the structure, the shell and the structure defining a space therebetween such that the structure is reorientable within the shell. The deployable image sensor may include a battery array that may be charged using a charging station. A base station may be used with the deployable image sensor.
Claims 1. A deployable image sensor, comprising: detector operable to generate electronic data in accordance with electromagnetic energy incident thereon; optics operable to direct the electromagnetic energy toward the detector; electronics in electrical communication with the detector, the electronics operable to transmit the electronic data; structure for supporting the detector, the optics, and the electronics; and shell surrounding at least a part of the structure, the shell and the structure defining a space therebetween such that the structure is reorientable within the shell. 2. Deployable image sensor of claim 1, wherein the structure is formed of a monolithic material. 3. Deployable image sensor of claim 2, wherein the optics are integrally formed from the monolithic material. 4. Deployable image sensor of claim 2, wherein at least one of the detector, the optics, and the electronics is embedded in the structure. 5. Deployable image sensor of claim 1, further comprising a counterweight to facilitate orienting the structure in a specific direction with respect to ground. 6. Deployable image sensor of claim 1, wherein at least part of the structure is transparent to the electromagnetic energy. 7. Deployable image sensor of claim 1, wherein the structure is formed of an elastomer. 8. Deployable image sensor of claim 1, wherein the structure foil is one of a sphere, an ovoid and a polyhedron. 9. Deployable image sensor of claim 1, wherein the structure is configured and arranged to orient itself in a specific direction with respect to ground regardless of an orientation of the shell with respect to ground. 10. Deployable image sensor of claim 1, wherein the shell forms one of a sphere, an ovoid, and a polyhedral shape. 11. Deployable image sensor of claim 1, further comprising an attachment that restricts reorientation of the structure with respect to the shell. 12. Deployable image sensor of claim 1, further comprising a fluid disposed in the space between the structure and the shell. 13. Deployable image sensor of claim 12, wherein the fluid has a density about equal to an average density of the structure. 14. Deployable image sensor of claim 12, wherein at least one of the structure, the shell and the fluid is configured to cooperate with the optics to direct the electromagnetic energy toward the detector. 15. Deployable image sensor of claim 1, wherein at least one of an inner surface of the shell and an outer surface of the structure includes a low surface friction material. 16. Deployable image sensor of claim 1, further comprising an orientation mechanism for controlling an orientation of the optics and the detector with respect to the shell. 17. Deployable image sensor of claim 16, wherein the orientation mechanism includes a gyro mechanism. 18. Deployable image sensor of claim 16, wherein a processor in the electronics monitors the electronic data captured by the image sensor for a presence of a target, the processor instructing the orientation mechanism to adjust an orientation of the optics and the detector to capture an image of the target. 19. Deployable image sensor of claim 16, further comprising a plurality of motion sensors for detecting a moving target in a field of view of the image sensor and causing the orientation mechanism to adjust an orientation of the optics and the detector to capture an image of the moving target. 20. Deployable image sensor of claim 19, further comprising at least one magnetic switch operable to detect a position of the optics relative to the structure. 21. Deployable image sensor of claim 1, wherein the optics comprises at least one of a refractive element, a diffractive element, a phase modifying element and a reflective element. 22. Deployable image sensor of claim 1, wherein the optics comprises at least one of a void lens structure, a gas-filled lens structure, a Fresnel lens, a fish eye lens and a panoramic mirror. 23. Deployable image sensor of claim 1, wherein the optics comprises at least two fish eye lenses oriented in different directions. 24. Deployable image sensor of claim 1, the optics and the detector forming a first optical set, the sensor further comprising a second optical set that includes additional optics and a second detector. 25. Deployable image sensor of claim 1, wherein the optics is configured to provide a field of view greater than one hundred twenty degrees. 26. Deployable image sensor of claim 1, the optics comprising a wavefront coding element for modifying phase of electromagnetic energy transmitted therethrough such that an image captured at the detector is less sensitive to aberrations as compared to a corresponding image captured at the detector without using the wavefront coding element. 27. Deployable image sensor of claim 26, the electronics including a processor and memory for executing a decoding algorithm to reverse effects introduced by the wavefront coding element. 28. Deployable image sensor of claim 1, wherein the detector includes one of a CMOS detector, a CCD detector, an infrared detector and an ultraviolet detector. 29. Deployable image sensor of claim 1, further comprising a power source for providing power to at least one of the detector and the electronics. 30. Deployable image sensor of claim 29, wherein the power source serves as a counterweight. 31. Deployable image sensor of claim 29, wherein the power source comprises at least one of a battery, a capacitor, a gyro, a flywheel, a dynamo, a fuel cell, a thermoelectric generator, a clockwork mechanism and a solar cell. 32. Deployable image sensor of claim 1, wherein the detector is operable to generate an electric current to power the image sensor. 33. Deployable image sensor of claim 1, further comprising: battery array for powering at least one of the detector and the electronics; and charging coil for generating an electric current in response to an externally applied magnetic field, the electric current being used to charge the battery array. 34. Deployable image sensor of claim 33, further comprising a charging circuit for controlling charging of the battery array. 35. Deployable image sensor of claim 1, wherein a field of view of the deployable image sensor is configured in accordance with an operating environment of the deployable image sensor. 36. A system for remotely monitoring a scene of interest, comprising: charging station for generating a magnetic field from an electric power source; and deployable image sensor operable to be placed in magnetic communication with the charging station, including: detector operable to generate electronic data in accordance with electromagnetic energy incident thereon, optics operable to direct the electromagnetic energy toward the detector, electronics in electrical communication with the detector, the electronics operable to transmit the electronic data, structure for supporting the detector, the optics, and the electronics, shell surrounding at least a part of the structure, the shell and the structure defining a space therebetween such that the structure is reorientable within the shell, battery array for powering at least one of the detector and the electronics, and charging coil for generating an electric current in response to the magnetic field, the electric current used to charge the battery array. 37. A system for remotely monitoring a scene of interest, comprising: at least one deployable image sensor, including: detector operable to generate electronic data in accordance with electromagnetic energy incident thereon, optics operable to direct the electromagnetic energy toward the detector, electronics in electrical communication with the detector, the electronics operable to transmit the electronic data and to receive command data, structure for supporting the detector, the optics, and the electronics, and shell surrounding at least a part of the structure, the shell and the structure defining a space therebetween such that the structure is reorientable within the shell; and base station for receiving the electronic data transmitted by the at least one deployable image sensor and for transmitting the command data to the at least one deployable image sensor. 38. System of claim 37, wherein: the optics further comprises a wavefront coding element for modifying phase of electromagnetic energy transmitted therethrough such that an image captured at the detector is less sensitive to aberrations as compared to a corresponding image captured at the detector without using the wavefront coding element; and the base station further comprises a processor for executing a decoding algorithm to reverse effects introduced by the wavefront coding. 39. System of claim 37, wherein the base station further comprises a processor operable to make a decision based on a content of the electronic data. 40. System of claim 37, wherein the base station further comprises an image display for displaying an image in accordance with the electronic data. 41. System of claim 40, wherein the base station further comprises a processor operable to combine electronic data transmitted by a plurality of deployable image sensors and display an image on the image display in accordance with the combined electronic data. 42. System of claim 37, wherein the base station further comprises a processor operable to compare electronic data transmitted by a plurality of deployable image sensors to determine whether at least two deployable image sensors have at least partially overlapping fields of view. 43. System of claim 42, wherein the base station is operable to send control data to a first deployable image sensor having a field of view at least partially overlapping a field of view of a second deployable image sensor, the control data instructing the first deployable image sensor to change its field of view. 44. System of claim 42, wherein the base station is operable to send control data to a first deployable image sensor having a field of view at least partially overlapping a field of view of a second deployable image sensor, the control data instructing the first deployable image sensor to power down. 45. System of claim 37, wherein the base station further comprises user controls and is operable to send control data to a deployable image sensor in accordance with a change in status of the user controls. 46. System of claim 37, wherein: the at least one deployable image sensor includes an orientation mechanism to adjust an orientation of the optics and the detector with respect to the shell to capture an image of a target, and the base station includes a processor for monitoring the electronic data for a presence of the target and for sending control data to the at least one deployable image sensor, the control data denoting a location of the target and instructing the deployable image sensor to capture an image of the target, wherein the orientation mechanism adjusts the orientation of the optics and the detector in accordance with the control data to capture the image of the target. 