An autonomous power module is a module that supplies electrical power to the electronic devices or systems it is designed to power. It consists of a battery module, energy harvesting module and controller module. The purpose of the autonomous power module is to provide means of supplying electrical power to the electronic devices for prolonged periods of time.
Claims 1. A power module to supply power to electronic devices comprising: at least one battery; at least one energy harvesting device harvesting energy from ambient and converting it into electrical energy; a battery charging circuitry using the electrical energy generated by at least one energy harvesting device to charge at least one battery wherein in order to achieve long operation life time the power module is chemically and mechanically protected by a set of protective means selected from the group of: environmentally protective coating covering at least some portions of the power module; placing of at least one battery and a battery charging circuitry in an enclosure; placing energy harvesting device in an enclosure; mechanical protection for components of energy harvesting device from mechanical overloading, placing water- and oxygen-absorbing and adsorbing materials inside the enclosure; filling the enclosure with inert gases and combination of the above. 2. A power module according to claim 1 wherein in order to provide a very long service life of the power module and uninterrupted supply of power at least one battery is chosen from the set of batteries consisting of: at least one primary battery pack; at least one rechargeable battery pack; at least one reserve battery pack; at least one rechargeable and at least one primary battery pack; at least one rechargeable and at least one reserve battery pack; at least one primary and at least one reserve battery pack; at least one primary, at least one rechargeable and at least one reserve battery pack and combination of the above. 3. A power module according to claim 2 wherein in order to provide power over a wide range of operating and environmental conditions at least one battery pack consists of more than one battery and chosen from a group of battery packs consisting of: at least two batteries having different material of electrodes; at least two batteries having different electrolytes; at least two batteries having different ranges of operating and environmental conditions and combination of the above. 4. A power module according to claim 1 wherein the energy harvesting device uses an energy transformation selected from the following list of energy transformations: energy of magnetic field to electrical energy, mechanical energy to electrical energy, energy of elastic deformation to electrical energy, energy of wind to electrical energy, energy of radiation to electrical energy, thermal energy to electrical energy, energy of electromagnetic waves to electrical energy, energy of a radioactive particles to electrical energy, and chemical energy to electrical energy and combination of the above. 5. A power module according to claim 1 wherein the battery charging circuitry includes a set of functional units providing at least some functions selected from the following set of functions: AC-DC conversion, DC-DC conversion, battery voltage overload protection, ESD protection, accumulating energy in at least one reactive energy storage component, filtering, voltage stabilization, switching and combination of the above. 6. A power module according to claim 1 wherein the environmental protective coatings are chosen from a group of coatings consisting of: water repellent coating, oxygen absorbing coating, a coating having a porosity, a coating containing a phase change material, a coating containing a heat-sensitive pigment, a stack of coatings having different water-repelling properties, a stack of coatings having different thickness, and combination of the above. 7. A power module according to claim 1 wherein for the purpose of better protection of at least one battery and battery charging circuitry the enclosure has at least near hermetic sealing. 8. A power module according to claim 1 further comprising a self test module; the self test module performs self-tests of the power module to determine the state of health of the components of the power module. 9. A power module to supply power to electronic devices comprising: at least one battery; at least one energy harvesting device harvesting energy from ambient and transferring it into electrical energy; a battery charging circuitry using the electrical energy generated by the at least one energy harvesting device to charge the at least one battery; and a set of sensors for measuring environmental parameters, wherein the measurement data provided by the set of sensors are used to control the battery usage in order to optimize the battery performance. 10. A power module according to claim 9 wherein the power module is connected to a wireless link and at least some data provided by the set of sensors is transmitted through the wireless link. 11. A power module according to claim 9 wherein the energy harvesting device captures the energy from the ambient sources consisting of: temperature gradients, pressure variation, wind, solar energy, light, radioactive decay, sound, electromagnetic radiation, and mechanical vibrations and converts it to electrical energy. 12. A power module according to claim 9 wherein the energy harvested by the energy harvesting device is used to charge at least one rechargeable battery. 13. A power module to supply power to electronic devices comprising: at least one battery; at least one energy harvesting device harvesting energy from ambient and transferring it into electrical energy; a battery charging circuitry using the electrical energy generated by the at least one energy harvesting device to charge the at least one battery; a set of sensors for measuring environmental parameters; and a controller module; wherein the controller module controls the battery charging circuitry using measurement data provided by the set of sensors. 14. A power module of claim 13 wherein the set of sensors further comprises sensors of at least one parameter chosen from the group of: a battery capacity, a battery status, a battery depth of discharge, battery temperature, battery output current, power module output current, time. 15. A power module according to claim 13 comprising more than one battery wherein the controller module provides a function selected from the set of functions: monitoring the conditions of the environment and the status of the batteries using data provided by the set of sensors; control of which battery pack delivers power to the electronic device; control of which rechargeable battery is charged under given operating and environmental conditions and combination of the above. 16. A method of supplying power to electronic devices comprising the steps of: providing at least one battery; providing at least one energy harvesting device for harvesting energy from ambient and converting it into electrical energy; providing a battery charging circuitry for charging of at least one battery by using the electrical energy generated by the at least one energy harvesting device; assembling a power module by placing at least one battery and the battery charging circuitry into an enclosure and connecting the battery charging circuitry with the energy harvesting device and with at least one battery; using said power module to supply power to electronic devices, wherein in order to achieve long operation life time of the power module its components are protected mechanically and chemically using steps chosen from the set of steps consisting of: adding oxygen absorbing materials inside the enclosure; adding water adsorbing materials inside the enclosure; using hermetic sealing of the enclosure; using near-hermetic sealing of the enclosure; filling the enclosure with inert gases; covering at least some portions of the power module with environmentally protective coatings chosen from a group of coatings consisting of: water repellent coating, oxygen absorbing coating, a coating having a porosity, a coating containing a phase change material, a coating containing a heat-sensitive pigment, a stack of coatings having different water-repelling properties, a stack of coatings having different thickness, and combination of the above. 