A high-brightness LED lamp with battery conservation and solar charging features. The portable, self-contained lamp utilizes one or more high-brightness LEDs to provide area or decorative illumination. A solar cell charging device maintains the rechargeable batteries during the daytime with available ambient light. An electronic control circuit conserves battery power by limiting the period of time that the LEDs are energized during nighttime hours when ambient lighting conditions cannot support the recharging function. A photodetector device allows the control circuit to make this determination.
Claims 1. A battery-powered portable outdoor lamp, the lamp comprising: a solar charging device; a least one high-brightness LED; and an electronic timing circuit, wherein the timing circuit controls the application of battery power to the at least one LED to conserve battery capacity by limiting the amount of time that the at least one LED is energized. 2. The lamp of claim 1 further comprising: a cylindrical shaft, wherein the cylindrical shaft linearly houses the battery power source. 3. The lamp of claim 1, wherein the timing circuit comprises a photodetector device, wherein the photodetector device influences the operation of the timing circuit. 4. The lamp of Claim 3, wherein the timing circuit further comprises a non-programmable integrated circuit timing device, wherein the timing device controls the energization period of the at least one LED by use of an RC time constant. 5. The lamp of claim 3. wherein the timing circuit further comprises a programmable microcontroller device, wherein the microcontroller device controls the energization period of the at least one LED by monitoring the photodetector device to determine ambient lighting conditions. 6. The lamp of claim 1 wherein the number of high-brightness LEDs is chosen from the group consisting of three, six, and twelve. 7. The lamp of claim 1 wherein the timing circuit directly controls the energization of the at least one LED through a switching transistor. 8. The lamp of claim 1 wherein the solar powered outdoor lamp is portable and completely self-contained within a single definable unit. 9. The lamp of claim 1 wherein the timing circuit controls the application of power to the at least one LED by limiting the application of power to a fixed period of time. 10. The lamp of claim 1 wherein the timing circuit controls the application of power to the at least one LED by limiting the application of power to a period of time of between approximately four and eight hours in duration. 11. A battery-powered portable outdoor lamp, the lamp comprising: a support assembly, the support assembly comprising: a rigid shaft; a lighting assembly, the lighting assembly comprising: a housing capable of transmitting light; and at least one high-brightness LED; and a control assembly, the control assembly comprising: a solar charging device; and an electronic timing circuit; wherein the timing circuit controls the application of battery power to the at least one LED to conserve battery consumption by limiting the duration of energization to a fixed period of time. 12. The lamp of claim 11, wherein the timing circuit comprises a photodetector device, wherein the photodetector device influences the operation of the timing circuit. 13. The lamp of claim 11 wherein the number of high-brightness LEDs is chosen from the group consisting of three, six, and twelve. 14. The lamp of claim 11 wherein the solar powered outdoor lamp is portable and completely self-contained within a single definable unit. 15. The lamp of claim 11 wherein the timing circuit controls the application of power to the at least one LED by limiting the application of power to a period of time of between approximately four and eight hours in duration. 16. A method for reducing the battery consumption in a battery-powered portable outdoor lamp, the lamp utilizing a plurality of high-brightness LEDs for generation of light, the method steps comprising: providing an electronic timing circuit that controls the energization of the LEDs; energizing the LEDs using the output of the timing circuit; and de-energizing the LEDs after a period of time has elapsed. 17. The method of claim 16, the method steps further comprising: providing a photodetection device; determining the ambient lighting conditions from the photodetection device to influence operation of the timing circuit. 18. The method of claim 16 wherein the period of time is between approximately four and eight hours in duration. 