An energy conversion device comprises at least two thin film photovoltaic cells fabricated separately and joined by wafer bonding. The cells are arranged in a hierarchical stack of decreasing order of their energy bandgap from top to bottom. Each of the thin film cells has a thickness in the range from about 0.5 .mu.m to about 10 .mu.m. The photovoltaic cell stack is mounted upon a thick substrate composed of a material selected from silicon, glass, quartz, silica, alumina, ceramic, metal, graphite, and plastic. Each of the interfaces between the cells comprises a structure selected from a tunnel junction, a heterojunction, a transparent conducting oxide, and an alloying metal grid; and the top surface and/or the lower surface of the energy conversion device may contain light-trapping means.
Claims 1. An energy conversion device comprising: an upper photovoltaic cell of higher energy bandgap bonded on top of a lower photovoltaic cell of lower energy bandgap; a substrate; and said lower photovoltaic cell being mounted on said substrate. 2. The energy conversion device of claim 1 wherein said upper photovoltaic cell has a thickness in the range of from about 0.5 microns to about 10 microns. 3. The energy conversion device of claim 2 wherein said substrate is composed of a material selected from the group consisting of silicon, glass, quartz, silica, alumina, ceramic, metal, graphite, and plastic. 4. The energy conversion device of claim 2 including: an interface between said upper photovoltaic cell and said lower photovoltaic cell; wherein said interface between said photovoltaic cells comprises a structure selected from the group consisting of a tunnel junction, a heterojunction, a transparent conducting oxide, an alloying metal, and an alloyed metal grid. 5. The energy conversion device of claim 4 wherein said lower photovoltaic cell contains a quantum well or quantum dot region. 6. The energy conversion device of claim 4 wherein at least one of the top surface or bottom surface of said energy conversion device contains light-trapping means. 7. An energy conversion device comprising: three photovoltaic cells comprising individual, thin film devices; a first one of said photovoltaic cells being bonded to a second one of said photovoltaic cells; said second one of said photovoltaic cells being bonded to a third one of said photovoltaic cells; and said third photovoltaic cell being mounted on a substrate. 8. The energy conversion device of claim 7 wherein said photovoltaic cells have thicknesses in the range of from about 0.5 microns to about 10 microns. 9. The energy conversion device of claim 8 wherein: an upper one of said photovoltaic cells has an energy bandgap of at least about 1.7 electron volts, a middle one of said photovoltaic cells has a bandgap between about 1.2 electron volts and about 1.7 electron volts; and a lower one of said photovoltaic cells has an energy bandgap below about 1.2 electron-volts. 10. The energy conversion device of claim 9 wherein all three of said photovoltaic cells have thicknesses in the range from about 0.5 microns to about 10 microns. 11. The energy conversion device of claim 7 wherein said substrate is composed of a material selected from the group consisting of silicon, glass, quartz, silica, alumina, ceramic, metal, graphite, and plastic. 12. The energy conversion device of claim 7 wherein each interface between said photovoltaic cells comprises a structure selected from the group consisting of a tunnel junction, a heterojunction, a transparent conducting oxide, an alloying metal, and an alloying metal grid. 13. The energy conversion device of claim 12 wherein one or more of said thin film photovoltaic cells contains quantum well or quantum dot regions. 14. The energy conversion device of claim 7 wherein light-trapping means is incorporated atop said energy conversion device. 15-17. (canceled) 18. The energy conversion device of claim 1 including: said photovoltaic cells being formed on separate wafers and being bonded together at interfaces between said photovoltaic cells; said photovoltaic cells being arranged in a hierarchical stack of decreasing order of the energy bandgap thereof from top to bottom; each of said thin film photovoltaic cells having a thickness in the range from about 0.5 microns to about 10 microns; said hierarchical stack being mounted upon a thick substrate composed of a material selected from the group consisting of silicon, glass, quartz, silica, alumina, ceramic, metal, graphite, and plastic; each of said interfaces between said photovoltaic cells comprises a structure selected from the group consisting of a tunnel junction, a heterojunction, a transparent conducting oxide, an alloying metal, and an alloying metal grid; and an upper surface and/or a lower surface of said energy conversion device containing light-trapping means. 19. The energy conversion device of claim 18 wherein one or more of said photovoltaic cells contains a quantum well or quantum dot region; and said energy conversion device including a bottom surface containing light-trapping means. 20. A method of forming a solar energy conversion multijunction device comprising: providing photovoltaic cells including an upper photovoltaic cell of higher energy bandgap mounted on top of a lower photovoltaic cell of lower energy bandgap wherein said photovoltaic cells comprise thin film devices; and joining said upper photovoltaic cell and said lower photovoltaic cell by wafer bonding. 21. The method of claim 20 of forming a solar energy conversion multijunction device comprising: fabricating photovoltaic cells fabricated separately and bonding said photovoltaic cells together with interfaces therebetween with each of said interfaces between said photovoltaic cells comprising a structure selected from the group consisting of a tunnel junction, a heterojunction, a transparent conducting oxide, an alloying metal, and an alloying metal grid; arranging at least two of said photovoltaic cells in a hierarchical stack from top to bottom of decreasing orders of energy bandgaps thereof with at least one of said photovoltaic cells comprising a thin film photovoltaic cell having a thickness in the range from about 0.5 microns to about 10 microns; and mounting said photovoltaic cells to a substrate composed of a material selected from the group consisting of silicon, quartz, glass, silica, alumina, ceramic, metal, graphite, and plastic. 22. The method of claim 21 of forming a solar energy conversion multifunction device wherein said energy conversion device includes an upper surface and/or a lower surface including light trapping means. 23. The method of claim 21 of forming a solar energy conversion multifunction device wherein at least one of said photovoltaic cells contains a quantum well or quantum dot region. 