Embodiments of the invention relate to systems and methods for a solar and/or AC current powered water disinfection system that is sized for portable use and is specifically tailored for use in under-developed areas of the world or in areas where natural disasters have occurred. Embodiments herein disclosed provide for a system that utilizes an ultraviolet light that is operatively coupled to a pump, inverter, battery, and a charge converter that is adapted for use with a solar panel or AC current. The system is placed into a storage container, or the like, and the water in the storage container is pumped through the ultraviolet light, which kills most waterborne, water-washed, and water-based diseases.
Claims 1. A water disinfection system for disinfecting water, the water disinfection system comprising: a housing; a charge controller connected to the housing; a battery connected to the housing and operatively coupled to the charge controller; a connecter operatively coupled to the charge controller and to an external power source; an inverter connected to the housing and operatively coupled to the charge controller; an ultraviolet light connected to the housing and operatively coupled to the inverter; and a pump connected to the housing and operatively coupled to the inverter. 2. The water disinfection system of claim 1, wherein the external power source is solar power cells or a AC power supply. 3. The water disinfection system of claim 1, wherein the housing comprises: at least one inlet operatively coupled to the pump; and at least one exit operatively coupled to an ultraviolet light housing, wherein the ultraviolet light housing forms a cavity at least partially encasing the ultraviolet light, wherein the ultraviolet light housing is operatively coupled to the pump. 4. The water disinfection system of claim 1, further comprising: a handle connected to the housing for installing and removing the water disinfection system from a container of water. 5. The water disinfection system of claim 1, further comprising: a securing device connected to the housing for connecting the water disinfection system to a container or other structure. 6. The water disinfection system of claim 1, further comprising: at least one switch connected to the housing and operatively coupled to the water disinfection system, for controlling charging of the battery and operation of the water disinfection system. 7. The water disinfection system of claim 1, further comprising: a timer connected to the housing and operatively coupled to the water disinfection system. 8. The water disinfection system of claim 1, further comprising: operating indicator displays connected to the housing and operatively coupled to the water disinfection system for illustrating the battery status, if a fault is detected in the system, and if the power is on. 9. The water disinfection system of claim 1, further comprising a storage container, wherein the storage container comprises: a storage housing; a lid connected to the storage housing; and wherein the water disinfection system is at least partially submerged in water inside the storage housing. 10. A water disinfection system for disinfecting water, the water disinfection system comprising: a housing, wherein water is cycled through the housing; a pump operatively coupled to the housing and at least one power source for cycling the water though the housing; and an ultraviolet light operatively coupled to the housing and the at least one power source for disinfecting the cycled water. 11. The water disinfection system of claim 10, wherein the at least one power source is a battery. 12. The water disinfection system of claim 10, wherein the at least one power source is a solar power cell. 13. The water disinfection system of claim 10, wherein the at least one power source is a AC power supply. 14. The water disinfection system of claim 10, further comprising: a charge controller operatively coupled to the housing and the at least one power source for regulating power from the at least one power source. 15. The water disinfection system of claim 10, further comprising: an inverter operatively coupled to the housing and the at least one power source for converting the current from the at least one power source. 16. The water disinfection system of claim 10, wherein the at least one power source is operatively coupled to the housing. 17. The water disinfection system of claim 10, further comprising: a connector operatively coupled to the at least one power source and the water disinfection system. 18. The water disinfection system of claim 10, wherein the housing comprises: a housing inlet; and a housing outlet, wherein the water is cycled into the housing inlet, through the housing, and out of the housing outlet. 19. The water disinfection system of claim 10, further comprising: a handle for installing and removing the water disinfection system from a container of water. 20. The water disinfection system of claim 10, further comprising: a securing device operatively coupled to the housing for connecting the water disinfection system to a container or other structure. 21. The water disinfection system of claim 10, further comprising: at least one switch operatively coupled to the housing and the water disinfection system, for controlling the operation of the water disinfection system. 22. The water disinfection system of claim 10, further comprising: a timer operatively coupled to the housing and the water disinfection system. 23. The water disinfection system of claim 10, further comprising: operating indicator displays operatively coupled to the housing and the water disinfection system illustrating the operation of the system. 24. The water disinfection system of claim 1, further comprising a storage container; wherein the storage container comprises: a storage housing; a lid operatively coupled to the storage housing; and wherein the water disinfection system is at least partially submerged in water inside the storage housing. 25. A water disinfection system for disinfecting water, the water disinfection system comprising: a housing, wherein the housing has a housing inlet and a housing outlet; a charge controller operatively coupled to the housing; a battery operatively coupled to the housing and to the charge controller; a connecter with a first end operatively coupled to the charge controller and a second end that is configured to be operatively coupled to an external power source; an inverter operatively coupled to the housing and to the charge converter; an ultraviolet light housing operatively coupled to the housing, wherein the ultraviolet light housing comprises: an ultraviolet housing cavity; and an ultraviolet bulb operatively coupled to the ultraviolet light housing and the inverter; and a pump operatively coupled to the housing and to the inverter, for pumping water from the housing inlet through the ultraviolet housing cavity and out the housing outlet. 26. The water disinfection system of claim 25, wherein the housing comprises a dry chamber and a wet chamber; wherein the charge controller, battery, and inverter are operatively coupled to the dry chamber; and wherein the ultraviolet light housing and the pump are operatively coupled to the wet chamber. 27. The water disinfection system of claim 25, wherein the external power source is solar power cells or a AC power supply. 28. The water disinfection system of claim 25, wherein the water disinfection system comprises: a handle operatively connected to the housing for installing and removing the water disinfection system from a container of water. 29. The water disinfection system of claim 25, further comprising: a securing device operatively coupled to the housing for operatively coupling the water disinfection system to a container or other structure. 30. The water disinfection system of claim 25, further comprising: at least one switch operatively coupled to the housing and to the water disinfection system, for operating the water disinfection system. 31. The water disinfection system of claim 25, further comprising: a timer operatively coupled to the housing and to the water disinfection system, for indicating the amount of time the water disinfection system should operate. 32. The water disinfection system of claim 25, further comprising: operating indicator displays operatively coupled to the housing and to the water disinfection system for illustrating the battery status, if a fault is detected in the system, and if the power is on. 33. The water disinfection system of claim 25, further comprising a storage container, wherein the storage container comprises: a storage housing; a lid operatively coupled to the storage housing; and wherein the water disinfection system is at least partially submerged under water inside the storage housing. 34. A water disinfection system for disinfecting water, the water disinfection system comprising: a housing, wherein the housing is waterproof and comprises a dry chamber and a wet chamber with a housing outlet and a housing inlet; a charge controller connected to the dry chamber of the housing; a battery connected to the dry chamber of the housing and operatively coupled to the charge controller; a waterproof connecter with a first end operatively coupled to the charge controller through a waterproof opening in the dry chamber of the housing and a second end that is configured to be operatively coupled to an external power source, wherein the external power source comprises solar power cells or an inverter cable that is configured to operate with an AC power supply; an inverter connected to the dry chamber of the housing and operatively coupled to the charge converter; an ultraviolet light housing connected to the wet chamber of the housing, wherein the ultraviolet light housing comprises: an ultraviolet housing inlet leading to an ultraviolet housing cavity leading to an ultraviolet housing outlet, wherein the ultraviolet housing outlet is connected to the housing outlet though a waterproof seal; and an ultraviolet bulb connected within the ultraviolet housing cavity, wherein the ultraviolet bulb is operatively coupled to the inverter with a wire though a waterproof opening between the wet chamber and the dry chamber; a pump connected to the wet chamber of the housing, for pumping water through the ultraviolet light housing, wherein the pump comprises: a pump inlet and a pump outlet, wherein the pump outlet is connected to the ultraviolet housing inlet through a waterproof seal and the pump inlet is connected to the housing inlet through a waterproof seal; and wherein the pump is operatively coupled to the inverter with a wire through a waterproof opening between the wet chamber and the dry chamber. 35. The water disinfection system of claim 34, further comprising: a battery switch operatively coupled to the charge controller; a connector switch operatively coupled to the charge controller; a timer operatively coupled to the battery; operating indicator displays illustrating the battery status, if the battery is charging, a fault is detected in the system, the power is on, and the ultraviolet bulb is functioning properly; and wherein the battery switch, the connector switch, the timer, and at least one of the operating indicator displays are located on one or more panels that are connected to the housing. 36. The water disinfection system of claim 34, further comprising: a handle connected to the housing; and an eyelet connected to the handle or the housing. 37. The water disinfection system of claim 34, wherein the water disinfection system is operatively coupled to a storage container, wherein the storage container comprises: a storage housing; a lid with a through hole opening having screens, wherein the lid is connected to the storage housing; and wherein water is filtered through the screens for removing debris from the water. 38. The water disinfection system of claim 37, further comprising: a removable lock and cable system connected to the storage housing, wherein the cable is thread through the eyelet and locked to the storage housing; a seating ring connected to the storage housing, wherein the seating ring provides a stable surface to position and connect the water disinfection system in the storage housing; a spout connected to the storage housing for accessing the disinfected water without contaminating the disinfected water; and at least one water line illustrating the ideal level of water to disinfect. 39. A method for disinfecting water using a water disinfection system, comprising: inserting a water disinfection system into a storage container; activating the water disinfection system; monitoring the operating indicator displays illustrating the operation of the water disinfection system; removing the water disinfection system from the storage container with out re-contaminating the water 40. The method of claim 39, further comprising: pouring source water through a filter into the storage container to remove debris. 41. The method of claim 39, further comprising: charging a battery in the water disinfection system by operatively coupling the water disinfection system to solar power cells or a power supply. 42. The method of claim 39, further comprising: supplying power directly to the water disinfection by operatively coupling the water disinfection system to solar power cells or a power supply. 