The present invention is a method for real-time location monitoring of a sterilizable object. The method includes tracking a location of a sterilizable object bearing a tag. The tag includes a sealed housing, means for detecting a sterilization event and means for transmitting data concerning the sterilization event. The method also includes detecting a sterilization event. The method also includes transmitting a signal that the sterilization event has been detected by the tag.
Claims 1. A method for real-time location monitoring of a sterilizable object in an indoor facility, the method comprising: tracking a location of a sterilizable object bearing a tag within the indoor facility utilizing a mesh network, the tag comprising a sealed housing, a sensor for detecting a sterilization event, a radiofrequency transceiver for transmitting a continuous periodic signal and data concerning a sterilization event, the mesh network comprising a plurality of network sensors and at least one access bridge positioned in the indoor facility, each of the plurality of network sensors communicating with at least one other network sensor, the mesh network communicating with a remote server; detecting a sterilization event for the sterilizable object within the indoor facility; and transmitting a signal that the sterilization event has been detected by the tag, the signal transmitted to the mesh network and to the remote server. 2. The method according to claim 1 further comprising measuring the sterilization event. 3. The method according to claim 1 wherein the sterilization event is a pressure change in the housing, a detection of ultrasonic energy, a detection of moisture within the housing, a predetermined pH level of a chemical in a sterile bath or detecting a gas. 4. The method according to claim 2 wherein measuring the sterilization event comprises measuring the time and temperature during the sterilization event. 5. The method according to claim 1 wherein the sterilization event is at least one of the housing being compromised, duration at a predetermined temperature, duration in a single location having a predetermined temperature, a specific set of events comprising location in a sterilization zone, stationary in the sterilization zone for a predetermined time and detection of a predetermined temperature for a predetermined time period. 6. The method according to claim 1 further comprising associating the sterilizable object with a mobile object. 7. The method according to claim 1 further comprising initiating a new process when the sterilization event is detected. 8. The method according to claim 1 further comprising updating a user interface. 9. (canceled) 10. A system for real-time location monitoring of a sterilizable object within an indoor facility, the system comprising: a tracking tag attached to a sterilizable object, the tracking tag comprising a sealed housing, a sensor for detecting a sterilization event, a radiofrequency transceiver for transmitting a continuous periodic signal and data concerning the sterilization event outside of the housing and within the indoor facility; a mesh network comprising a plurality of network sensors and at least one access bridge, each of the plurality of network sensors and the at least one access bridge positioned within the indoor facility, each of the plurality of network sensors communicating with at least one other network sensor, at least one of the plurality of sensors receiving data from the tracking tag; and a remote server in communication with the mesh network, the remote server processing the signals from the tracking tag. 11. The system according to claim 10 wherein the remote server is configured to initiate a new process when a sterilization event is detected, configured to associate the sterilizable object with a mobile object, configured to add data to a database, configured to update a user interface, and configured to change the state of a process. 12. The system according to claim 10 wherein the sterilization event is a pressure change in the housing, a detection of ultrasonic energy, a detection of moisture within the housing, a predetermined pH level of a chemical in a sterile bath or detecting a gas. 13. The system according to claim 10 wherein the sterilization event is the housing being comprised, duration at a predetermined temperature, duration in a single location having a predetermined temperature, a specific set of events comprising location in a sterilization zone, stationary in the sterilization zone for a predetermined time and detection of a predetermined temperature for a predetermined time period. 14. The system according to claim 10 wherein the sterilizable object is a surgical kit. 15. A tag for real-time location monitoring of a sterilizable object, the tag comprising: a housing; a processor within the housing; a sensor for detecting a sterilization event, the sensor in electrical communication with the processor; a transceiver within the housing and in communication with the processor, the transceiver transmitting a continuous periodic signal and data concerning the sterilization event outside of the housing; and a power supply within the housing, the power supply in electrical communication with the processor; wherein the sterilization event is a pressure change in the housing, a detection of ultrasonic energy or a detection of moisture within the housing. 16. The tag according to claim 15 wherein the housing is a moisture-proof housing, a gas-proof housing or a pressure-proof housing. 17. (canceled) 18. The tag according to claim 15 wherein the power supply extracts environmental energy in the form of solar energy or motion energy. 19-20. (canceled) 21. A method for real-time location monitoring of a sterilizable object within an indoor facility, the method comprising: tracking a real-time location of a sterilizable object within the indoor facility utilizing a mesh network formed of a plurality of sensors and at least one access bridge positioned within the indoor facility, the sterilizable object associated with a tag that transmits a continuous periodic signal; receiving at at least one of the plurality of sensors a tracking signal from the tag that the sterilizable object is located in a sterilization area; receiving at at least one of the plurality of sensors a first status signal from the tag that a sterilization threshold value for a sterilization event is present; transmitting the first status signal from the at least one of the plurality of sensors through the mesh network to a remote server; receiving at at least one of the plurality of sensors a second status signal from the tag that the sterilization threshold value for a sterilization event is absent; transmitting the second status signal from the at least one of the plurality of sensors to a remote server; determining a sterilization status for the sterilizable object at the remote server based on at least the first status signal and the second status signal; and communicating the sterilization status for the sterilizable object to an operator. 22. The method according to claim 21 wherein the sterilization status is a message that the sterilization was complete. 23. The method according to claim 21 wherein the sterilization status is a message that the sterilization was incomplete. 24. The method according to claim 21 wherein the sterilization event is one of ultrasonic energy sterilization, steam sterilization, heat sterilization, pressure sterilization, chemical sterilization and hot water sterilization; wherein an ultrasonic energy sterilization has a sterilization threshold value of a detection of a pre-established amount of ultrasonic energy; wherein a steam sterilization has a sterilization threshold value of a detection of water vapor at a temperature of at least 100.degree. C.; wherein a heat sterilization has a sterilization threshold value of a detection of a temperature of at least 150.degree. C.; wherein a pressure sterilization has a sterilization threshold value of a detection of a pressure of at least 1.036 Bar above atmospheric pressure; wherein a chemical sterilization has a sterilization threshold value of a detection of hydrogen peroxide in a concentration amount of at least 6% ; and wherein a hot water sterilization has a sterilization threshold value of a detection of liquid water at a temperature of at least 70.degree. C. 