A method of manufacturing a mounted solar cell by providing a metallic flexible film having a predetermined coefficient of thermal expansion; and attaching the semiconductor solar cell to the metallic film, the coefficient of thermal expansion of the semiconductor body closely matching the predetermined coefficient of thermal expansion of the metallic film.
Claims 1. A method of manufacturing a mounted solar cell comprising: providing a metallic flexible film having a predetermined coefficient of thermal expansion; and attaching a semiconductor solar cell to the metallic film, the coefficient of thermal expansion of the semiconductor body closely matching the predetermined coefficient of thermal expansion of the metallic film. 2. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the attaching step is performed by one of adhesive bonding, metal sputtering, metal evaporation or soldering. 3. A method as defined in claim 2, wherein the adhesive bonding step utilizes epoxy or silicone. 4. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the metallic film is a solid metallic foil. 5. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the metallic film comprises a metallic layer deposited on a surface of a Kapton or polyimide material. 6. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the semiconductor solar cell has a thickness of less than 50 microns. 7. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the semiconductor solar cell has a metal electrode layer on its surface adjacent to the metallic flexible film. 8. A method as defined in claim 7, wherein the metal electrode layer has a coefficient of thermal expansion within a range of 0 to 10 ppm per degree Kelvin different from that of the adjacent semiconductor material of the semiconductor solar cell. 9. A method as defined in claim 7, wherein the coefficient of thermal expansion of the metal electrode layer is in the range of 5 to 7 ppm per degree Kelvin. 10. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the metallic flexible film comprises molybdenum. 11. The method as defined in claim 7, wherein the metal electrode layer includes molybdenum. 12. The method as defined in claim 7, wherein the metal electrode layer includes a Mo/Ti/Ag/Au or Ti/Au/Mo sequence of layers. 13. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the solar cell is formed by providing a first substrate; depositing on a first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell; mounting and bonding a surrogate substrate on top of the sequence of layers; and removing the first substrate; and removing the surrogate substrate. 14. The method as defined in claim 13, wherein subsequent to the removing of the surrogate substrate, the surface of the solar cell that was bonded to the surrogate substrate is attached to the metallic film. 15. The method as defined in claim 13, wherein the surrogate substrate is a sapphire substrate. 16. The method as defined in claim 13, wherein the step of depositing a sequence of layers comprises: forming a first subcell comprising a first semiconductor material with a first band gap and a first lattice constant; forming a second subcell comprising a second semiconductor material with a second band gap and a second lattice constant, wherein the second band gap is less than the first band gap and the second lattice constant is greater than the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant; and forming a lattice constant transition material positioned between the first subcell and the second subcell, said lattice constant transition material having a lattice constant that changes gradually from the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant. 17. A method as defined in claim 16, wherein said transition material is composed of any of the As P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the first subcell and less than or equal to that of the second subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the second subcell, and the band gap of the transition material remains constant throughout its thickness. 18. A method as defined in claim 16, wherein the lattice constant transition material is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.y Al.sub.1-yAs with x and y selected such that the band gap of the transition material remains constant throughout its thickness. 19. A method as defined in claim 16, wherein said first subcell is composed of an GaInP, GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and an GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region, and the second subcell is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter regions. 20. A method as defined in claim 16, wherein the second subcell is composed of an InGaP emitter layer and an GaAs base layer, and wherein the third subcell is composed of an InGaP emitter layer and an InGaAs base layer. 