A system and method of arranging a solar cell and reflector to replace a typical solar cell oriented normal to the incoming sunlight inside a module (i.e. parallel to a module's transparent cover plate or opening). The present invention in a preferred embodiment uses a solar cell oriented at a 45 degree angle to the incoming sunlight, and a reflective surface oriented perpendicular to the cell and at a 45 degree angle to the incoming sunlight. The solar cell and the mirror are the same length/size and form a V shape where the angle between the sloped sides is 90 degrees. Any light falling normally on the arrangement will hit the solar cell either directly or after reflection. In another embodiment, two adjacent reflectors can be used making angles of around 60 degrees and around 30 degrees with respect to the cover or opening. An alternate embodiment can include a second reflector added to the base of the cell and reflector pairings also at an approximate 45 degree angle with the cover or opening. The second reflector can run along an entire row of cell and first reflector pairs such that the first reflectors form 90 degree angles with both the cells and with the second reflector.
Claims 1. A system with surfaces arranged for maximizing collection of useful sunlight, comprising an enclosure including four sides, a base, and a transparent cover that protects interior surfaces from weather; at least one rectangular solar collecting surface having an uppermost and lowermost edge mounted at a 45 degree angle to the transparent cover; first and second reflective surfaces each having top and bottom edges in proximity to said solar collecting surface, wherein said first reflective surface is mounted at an angle of between around 46-60 degrees to the transparent cover, said first reflective surface extending downward to a point where a line perpendicular to the bottom edge of said first reflective surface contacts the uppermost edge of said solar collecting surface, and wherein said second reflective surface is mounted adjacent to the bottom edge of said first reflective surface at a an angle complimentary to the first reflective surface's mounting angle, said second reflective surface extending downward until its bottom edge is adjacent to the lowermost edge of said solar collecting surface. 2. The system of claim 1 said solar collecting surface and said first and second reflectors in combination form a solar collecting row, said system further comprising a plurality of solar collecting rows. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein said solar collecting surface absorbs solar radiation and transfers it to a working fluid. 4. The solar collector of claim 1 wherein said solar collecting surface comprises a photovoltaic cell for converting light to electricity. 5. The solar collector of claim 3 wherein said reflective surfaces have a coating that reflects primarily a band of light wavelengths the photovoltaic cell converts efficiently to electricity, while not reflecting infrared wavelengths that tend to heat said photovoltaic cell. 6. The solar collector of claim 1 wherein said reflective surfaces are aluminum. 7. A light collecting system comprising: a frame having a cover; a first reflector secured to said frame; at least one second reflector secured to said frame and disposed perpendicularly to said first reflector; at least one solar cell secured to said frame and disposed perpendicularly to said first and second reflector, wherein said first reflector forms a 45 degree angle with said cover. 8. The light collecting system of claim 7 further comprising a plurality of adjacent alternating solar cells and first reflectors adjacent to a single second reflector in said frame to form a solar collecting row. 9. The light collecting system of claim 8 further comprising mounting a plurality of solar collecting rows in said frame. 10. The light collecting system of claim 7 wherein said first and second reflectors are aluminum. 11. The light collecting system of claim 7 wherein said solar cell is a photovoltaic cell. 12. The light collecting system of claim 7 wherein at least one of said first or second reflectors has a coating that reflects primarily a band of light wavelengths the photovoltaic cell converts efficiently to electricity, while not reflecting infrared wavelengths that tend to heat said photovoltaic cell. 13. A method for collecting useful sunlight comprising: mounting a first reflective surface in an enclosure having four sides, a base and a transparent cover; mounting a second reflective surface in said frame perpendicular and adjacent to said first reflective surface; mounting a solar collecting surface in said frame perpendicular and adjacent to said first and second reflective surfaces; wherein said first reflective surface forms a 45 degree angle with said transparent cover. 14. The method of claim 13 further comprising mounting a plurality of adjacent alternating solar collecting surfaces and first reflective surfaces adjacent to a single second reflecting surface in said frame to form a solar collecting row. 15. The method of claim 14 further comprising mounting a plurality of solar collecting rows in said frame. 16. The method of claim 13 wherein said solar collecting surface absorbs solar radiation and transfers it to a working fluid. 17. The solar collector of claim 13 wherein said solar collecting surface contains at least one photovoltaic cell for converting light to electricity. 18. The solar collector of claim 13 wherein said first and second reflectors are aluminum. 