An assembly for mounting solar panels to structural surfaces includes a frame member adapted to receive and retain a first end portion of a solar panel, and a mounting foot adapted for attachment to the structural surface, wherein the frame member and the mounting foot are adapted for interlocking engagement with each other to mount an end of a solar panel on the structural surface.
Claims 1. An assembly for mounting a solar panel to a structural surface, the assembly comprising: a first frame member adapted to receive and retain a first end portion of a solar panel; and a first mounting foot adapted for attachment to the structural surface; wherein said frame member and said first mounting foot are adapted to rotatably interlock with each other to mount the first end of the solar panel on the structural surface. 2. The assembly in accordance with claim 1 and further comprising: a second frame member adapted to receive and retain a second end portion of the solar panel; and a second mounting foot adapted for attachment to the structural surface; wherein said second frame member and said second mounting foot are adapted for connection to each other to mount the second end of the solar panel on the structural surface. 3. The assembly in accordance with claim 1 wherein said first mounting foot comprises: a base portion for attachment to the structural surface; a protrusion extending from said base portion, said protrusion comprising: a first leg extending outwardly from said base portion at an angle transverse to said base portion; a second leg extending from said first leg and angled relative to said first leg and to said base portion; a flange support portion extending from said second leg; and a flange extending from said flange support portion and generally parallel to said base portion; said second leg, flange support and flange forming a pocket for receiving a retaining a portion of said first frame member. 4. The assembly in accordance with claim 1 wherein said first mounting foot comprises: a base portion adapted for attachment to the structural surface, and a flange fixed to said base portion and spaced from said base portion, and having a free edge; and said first frame member is provided with a pocket for the receiving and retaining of the first end of the solar panel, and with a capture opening adapted to receive and retain therein said flange extending from said first mounting foot. 5. The assembly in accordance with claim 4 wherein said first frame member capture opening is defined by first and second walls spaced apart to receive therebetween said flange of said first mounting foot. 6. The assembly in accordance with claim 5 wherein said second wall is in part sloped so as to receive said flange of said first mounting foot and guide said flange into said capture opening. 7. The assembly in accordance with claim 6 wherein said first frame member is provided with a capture tooth adapted to bitingly engage said flange of said first mounting foot when said flange is disposed substantially fully in said first frame member capture opening. 8. The assembly in accordance with claim 3 wherein a first frame member outer wall portion is provided with a curved end portion joining the sloped wall of said capture opening, wherein said pocket is adapted to receive said first frame member wall curved end portion, and said first frame member wall curved end portion is adapted to be moved into said first mounting foot pocket and rotated therein until said flange is substantially fully disposed in said capture opening. 9. The assembly in accordance with claim 8 wherein said first frame member is provided with an inner wall portion extending generally parallel to said outer wall portion and spaced therefrom, said inner wall portion having a sloped surface extending to a pocket for receiving the solar panel, said sloped surface being configured to guide the solar panel into said pocket. 10. The assembly in accordance with claim 9 wherein an end of said inner wall portion extends into said capture opening and forms a tooth projecting into said capture opening and engageable with said first mounting foot flange to lock said flange in said capture opening. 11. The assembly in accordance with claim 2 wherein said second mounting foot comprises a second base portion adapted for attachment to the structural surface and a support portion extending from said second base portion, and said second frame member is provided with a second pocket for securing and retaining a second end of the solar panel. 12. A mounting assembly for affixing a solar panel to a surface, the assembly comprising: a mounting foot having a base portion for connection to the surface, and a flange portion connected to and extending from the base portion; and a frame member defining a pocket for securing and retaining the solar panel, and defining a capture opening for receiving and retaining the flange portion of the mounting foot. 13. The assembly in accordance with claim 12 wherein said mounting foot defines a recess, and said frame member defines a rounded protrusion adapted to enter the recess and to rotate therein until the flange portion enters the capture opening. 14. The assembly in accordance with claim 13 wherein the said frame member is provided with a tooth which bears against the flange when the flange is disposed in the capture opening to lock the flange in the opening. 15. A method for mounting a solar panel on a structure, the method comprising the steps of: providing a first frame member adapted to receive and retain a first end portion of the solar panel; attaching the first frame member to the first end of the solar panel; providing a first mounting foot adapted for locking engagement with the first frame member and adapted for affixing to the surface of the structure; affixing the first mounting foot to the surface of the structure; and rotatably engaging the first frame member with the first foot mounting for interlocking the first frame member and the first mounting foot, whereby to lock the solar panel to the structure surface. 16. The method in accordance with claim 15 and comprising the further steps of: providing a second frame member adapted to receive and retain a second end portion of the solar panel; attaching the second frame member to the second end portion of the panel; providing a second mounting foot and affixing the second mounting foot to a selected one of the second frame member and then the structure, and the structure and then the second frame member. 17. The method in accordance with claim 15 wherein the first frame member is provided with a capture opening formed in part by an end portion having a protruding configuration; and the first mounting foot is provided with a mounting flange forming in part a recess adapted to receive the first frame member end portion; and the method comprises the steps of: introducing the first frame member end portion into the first mounting foot recess; and sliding and rotating the first frame member so as to rotate the end portion thereof in the recess of the first mounting foot until the first mounting foot flange is substantially wholly within a first frame member capture opening. 18. The method in accordance with claim 17 wherein the first frame member is provided with a capture tooth member extending into an entrance of the capture opening, and comprising the further step of rotating the first frame member end portion until the capture tooth bitingly engages the first mounting foot flange. 19. The assembly in accordance with claim 2 wherein said first and second frame members are each provided with flanges extending therefrom and forming recesses each for receiving a wall portion of a mounting foot. 20. The assembly in accordance with claim 19 wherein each of said frame members is provided with a threaded channel for receiving a threaded fastener extending through a wall of a mounting foot. 21. The assembly in accordance with claim 1 wherein said first frame member comprises: an inner body portion having a pocket at a first end thereof for receiving and retaining a first end of a solar panel; and an outer body portion disposed around said inner body portion and adapted to be locked to said inner body portion. 22. The assembly in accordance with claim 21 wherein: said outer body portion is provided in a first area thereof with a flange defining a recess adapted to receive a wall portion of a mounting foot; and said outer body portion is further provided at a second area thereof with an end portion adapted for sliding and rotating engagement with a c-shaped portion of a mounting foot, said outer body having a capture opening therein for receiving a flange portion of a mounting foot. 23. The assembly in accordance with claim 22, wherein said outer body portion is provided with a ledge extending therefrom and a tooth extending from the ledge and engagable with a portion of the c-shaped portion of the mounting foot. 24. The assembly in accordance with claim 21 wherein said outer body is further provided with a threaded recess adapted to receive a threaded connector. 25. The assembly in accordance with claim 2 wherein said second frame member comprises: an inner body portion having a pocket at a first end thereof for receiving and retaining a second end of the solar panel; and an outer body portion disposed around said inner body portion and adapted to be locked to said inner body portion. 26. The assembly in accordance with claim 25, wherein: said outer body portion is provided with a flange defining a recess adapted to receive a wall portion of a second mounting foot; and said outer body portion is provided with a threaded recess for receiving a fastener extending through said second mounting foot for locking said inner and outer body portions to each other. 