A power generating system is integrated within an exterior shell or facade of a building structure. The system components--energy generating devices (which can be photovoltaic), control units and associated power/signal wiring are incorporated and operated within individual unitized curtain wall units making up the facade
Claims 1. A building integrated power generating system comprising: a plurality of unitized curtain wall elements defining at least a portion of an exterior shell for a building structure; a plurality of energy conversion devices integrated within said plurality of unitized curtain wall elements; each of said plurality of energy conversion devices being coupled to an associated power control module which is also integrated within said unitized curtain wall elements; wherein the power generating system is integrally incorporated and within said plurality of unitized curtain wall elements. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said plurality of energy conversion devices can be selectively activated or de-activated by said corresponding power control modules on an individual basis or a floor by floor basis. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein said plurality of energy conversion devices are photovoltaic devices and can be selectively activated or de-activated based on shading, cleaning and/or scheduled maintenance. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein said power control module receives power and signals from an energy conversion device both by physical connection and wireless connection. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein said power control module is physically attached to and part of a module containing an energy conversion device. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein said power control module is coupled to a management unit adapted to control an entire array of energy conversion devices. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein said power control module is coupled to a management unit adapted to control an entire array of energy conversion devices. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein said management unit is coupled to a remote server adapted to monitor said array. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein said unitized curtain wall elements are interconnected in a continuous grid entirely within said exterior shell. 10. The system of claim 90, wherein said continuous grid extends across an entire floor. 11. A building integrated photovoltaic power generating system comprising: a plurality of interconnected unitized curtain wall units defining at least a portion of an exterior shell for a building structure; each of said plurality of interconnected unitized curtain wall units having an integrated photovoltaic energy conversion module; a control module coupled to each integrated photovoltaic energy conversion module, which control module is adapted to optimize power of such device within a solar power generating array; said control module also being integrated within said unitized curtain wall unit and including electrical wiring for transmitting a power output from an associated photovoltaic energy conversion module to a separate control unit within said solar power generating array. 12. The system of claim 11 wherein said unitized curtain wall elements are interconnected in a two dimensional continuous grid entirely within said exterior shell. 13. The system of claim 11 wherein said control modules mitigate effects of shading on said integrated photovoltaic energy conversion module. 14. The system of claim 11 wherein said control modules are attached directly to said associated integrated photovoltaic energy conversion module. 15. The system of claim 11 wherein said control modules are mounted within a wireway or raceway integrated within said unitized curtain wall units. 16. The system of claim 11 wherein at least some input/output control signals from said control modules are communicated wirelessly between such control module and said integrated photovoltaic energy module. 17. The system of claim 11 wherein said power output is returned to a utility grid. 18. The system of claim 11 wherein at least a portion of said power output is used to power outlets and/or mechanical systems in the building structure. 19. The system of claim 11 wherein the system is compliant with Underwriters Laboratories (UL) requirements and does not require additional UL certification or inspection prior to operation. 20. A building integrated photovoltaic power generating system comprising: a plurality of interconnected unitized curtain wall units defining an exterior shell for a building structure; each of said plurality of interconnected unitized curtain wall units having an integrated photovoltaic energy conversion module; each integrated photovoltaic energy conversion module having an individual power control module, which control module is adapted to optimize power of such device within a solar power generating array; wherein a plurality of interconnected control units are used within the solar power generating array and are integrated entirely within said exterior shell; a management unit also being integrated within said unitized curtain wall unit and adapted to monitor said plurality of control units and optimize a power output of said solar power generating array. 