Structural health monitoring device with improved reliability and performances that is applied in selected locations on a structure. The structural health monitoring device includes a data acquisition, process and storage media, a direct and independent wireless connection system to a standard and globally interconnected telecom network, is uninterruptedly powered by a power management system featuring at least two battery power sources. The structural health monitoring device further includes sensors specifically intended to remain permanently active and "asynchronously" trigger data acquisition sessions in occurrence of timely unpredictable phenomena having structural relevance and is moreover comprising data processing media for data compression and for automatic detection of possible structural anomalies using a self-training neural data processing algorithm.
Claims 1-8. (canceled) 9. A structural monitoring device for being installed on a structure within or close to a region of it where at least one structurally relevant physical parameter can be measured, said monitoring device comprising: at least one housing configured to accommodate and protect at least part of said structural monitoring device; at least one sensor responsive to a physical parameter with direct or derived structural relevance; at least one sensor interrogation system; at least one data acquisition system; at least one data storage system; at least one microprocessor system; at least one wireless communication system capable to connect, in a direct and independent way, to a standard and globally interconnected telecom network; at least one power management system capable to provide at least one uninterruptible supply line; a plurality of power sources comprising at least two batteries; and at least one sensor specifically intended to remain permanently active and to trigger data acquisition sessions in occurrence of timely unpredictable phenomena having structural relevance. 10. The structural monitoring device according to claim 9 further comprising data processing media suitable to compress collected data, and autonomously detect structural anomalies according to a methodology. 11. The structural monitoring device according to claim 10, wherein said wireless communication system further comprising a modem selected from the group consisting of at least one GSM cellular modem, at least one GSM/GPRS cellular modem, at least one CDMA cellular modem, at least one UMTS cellular modem, at least one WiMAX cellular modem, and at least one satellite modem. 12. The structural monitoring device according to claim 11 further comprising at least one tamper sensor configured to trigger an alarm message broadcast operation in case of attacks to said structural monitoring device integrity or functionality. 13. The structural monitoring device according to claim 12 further comprising at least one sensor intended to manually trigger device operations without violating a water-tight seal of said housing. 14. The structural monitoring device according to claim 13, wherein said data processing media is configured to further evaluate a correlation and/or a cross correlation between for at least a part of the sensed parameters. 15. The structural monitoring device according to claim 14, wherein said wireless communication system is configured to broadcast warning messages based on results of said methodology aimed to perform an automatic detection of possible structural anomalies. 16. The structural monitoring device according to claim 15, wherein said methodology is organized in form of a self-training neural data processing network capable to process non-dynamic and dynamic data. 17. The structural monitoring device according to claim 9, wherein said sensor specifically intended to remain permanently active is a passive acceleration sensor. 18. The structural monitoring device according to claim 17, wherein said sensor responsive to a physical parameter is selected from the group consisting of transducers, LASER interferometry, LVDT gauges, potentiometric gauges, electrochemical cells, encoder gauges, MEMS sensors, resistive strain gauges, bridge sensors, piezoelectric sensors, temperature sensors, capacitive sensors, electro-dynamic sensors, and magneto-dynamic sensors. 19. The structural monitoring device according to claim 18, wherein said power management system comprising a low quiescent power regulator configured to power low consumption electronics and to drain a supply from an automatic "or" logic between said power sources, and further comprising a switching regulator to power high consumption electronics, said switching regulator being selected from the group consisting of a boost switching regulator, a buck switching regulator, and a buck-boost topology switching regulator. 20. The structural monitoring device according to claim 19, wherein said at least two batteries of said power sources are Lithium primary cells, and wherein said power sources further comprising at least one auxiliary Lithium-polymer rechargeable cell in electrical communication with a charge management controller powered from an output of a solar panel. 21. The structural monitoring device according to claim 9 further comprising a first electronic printed circuit board, and a second electronic printed circuit board in electrical communication with said first electronic printed circuit board, wherein said first electronic printed circuit board including at least a microcontroller, said data storage system, said wireless communication system, and a microstrip antenna, wherein said second electronic printed circuit board including at least said batteries, said sensor interrogation system, and said power management system. 22. The structural monitoring device according to claim 21, wherein said first and second electronic printed circuit boards being mounted in a sandwich style with spacer columns. 23. A method of monitoring a structure using a structural monitoring device, said method comprising the steps of: a) installing a structural monitoring device on a structure within or close to a region of it where at least one structurally relevant physical parameter is measured; b) triggering data acquisition sessions of at least one sensor specifically intended to remain permanently active, said data acquisition sessions are in occurrence of timely unpredictable phenomena having structural relevance; c) acquiring date from at least one sensor attached to said structure, which is responsive to a physical parameter with direct or derived structural relevance using at least one data acquisition system; d) storing said acquired data in at least one data storage system; e) compressing said acquired data using a data processing media; f) detecting autonomously structural anomalies using at least one microprocessor system; g) observing typical behavior of said structure over a certain significant lapse of time; h) exploiting trends of said acquired data into their time recurrent, converging and diverging components; i) performing direct and/or derivative threshold-based detection of possible structural anomalies; j) calculating a state-of-health estimation parameter through a polynomial and/or exponential combination of said exploited trends; and k) connecting to a standard and globally interconnected telecom network using at least one wireless communication system. 24. The method according to claim 23 further comprising the step I) triggering an alarm message broadcast operation in case of attacks to said structural monitoring device integrity or functionality from at least one tamper sensor. 25. The structural monitoring device according to claim 24 further comprising the step m) triggering device operations manually without violating a water-tight seal of a housing said structural monitoring device. 26. The structural monitoring device according to claim 25 further comprising the step n) evaluating a correlation and/or a cross correlation between for at least a part of sensed parameters using said data processing media. 27. The structural monitoring device according to claim 26 further comprising the step o) broadcasting warning messages, using said wireless communication system, based on results of steps f)-j) aimed to perform an automatic detection of possible structural anomalies. 28. The structural monitoring device according to claim 27, wherein said steps f)-j) are organized in form of a self-training neural data processing network capable to process non-dynamic and dynamic data. 