An article has a curved surface. Disposed upon the curved surface is a plurality of patterns. Each pattern is defined by a plurality of spaced apart features attached to or projected into the curved surface. The plurality of features each have at least one neighboring feature having a substantially different geometry, wherein an average spacing between adjacent features is about 1 nanometer and about 1 millimeter in at least a portion of the curved surface. The plurality of spaced apart features are represented by a periodic function.
Claims 1. An article comprising: a curved surface; the curved surface having disposed thereon a plurality of patterns; each pattern being defined by a plurality of spaced apart features attached to or projected into the curved surface, the plurality of features each having at least one neighboring feature having a substantially different geometry, wherein an average spacing between adjacent spaced apart features is about 1 nanometer to about 1 millimeter in at least a portion of the curved surface, wherein the plurality of spaced apart features are represented by a periodic function; and wherein the article is a biomedical implant, a breast implant shell, a fluid filled implant shell; a biomedical instrument; a biomedical device; a heart valve; a hospital surface; clothing/protective personal wear; biomedical packaging; an outside surface of sterilized packaging; a clean room surface; a surface of a semiconductor; food packaging; a food preparation surface; an exterior surface of a marine vessel; an interior surface of a marine vessel; an exterior surface of a ship; a bilge tank; an inlet or an outlet to a water pipe; an inner surface of a pipe or hose; a surface in a water treatment plant; a part of a pumping station; a surface in a power plant, surfaces of condensers, surfaces of generators, surfaces of mirrors; a surface of a child's crib, a surface on handles of exercise equipment; a surface on an ambulance, a surface on a bus, a surface on a public transit vehicle; a part of a swimming pool. 2. The article of claim 1, where the curved surface is a biomedical implant, a breast implant shell, a fluid filled implant shell; a biomedical instrument; a biomedical device; a heart valve; a hospital surface; an endotrachial tube; an airway management device; clothing/protective personal wear; biomedical packaging; sterilized packaging; a clean room surface; a surface of a semiconductor; food packaging; a food preparation surface; an exterior surface of a marine vessel; an interior surface of a marine vessel; an exterior surface of a ship; a bilge tank; an inlet or an outlet to a water pipe; an inner surface of a pipe or hose; a surface in a water treatment plant; a part of a pumping station; a surface of a power plant; a surface of a child's crib, a surface on handles of exercise equipment; a surface on an ambulance, a surface on a bus, a surface on a public transit vehicle; or a surface in a swimming pool. 3. The article of claim 1, where the article is affixed to another surface by an adhesive, by electrostatic forces, by mechanical interlocking devices, or a combination comprising at least one of an adhesive, electrostatic forces or mechanical interlocking devices. 4. The article of claim 1, where the article is used as an outer and/or an inner surface of a device; an outer and/or an inner surface of an instrument; an outer and/or an inner surface of furniture; a surface on and/or in a hospital; a surface on and/or in a healthcare center; a surface on and/or in a dental office; a surface on and/or in a dispensary; a surface on and/or in a gymnasium or locker room/dressing room; a surface on and/or in a rehabilitation facility; a surface on and/or in a bathroom or a surface on and/or in a waiting room. 6. The article of claim 1, where the article is used in hospitals, healthcare centers, dental offices, dispensaries, gymnasiums, rehabilitation facilities, bathrooms, waiting rooms, military centers, barracks, or make-shift facilities. 7. The article of claim 1, where the article is used on where the article is used on a surface of an electrostatic film applied to operating room surfaces between surgeries; on a surface of surgical drapes used to cover patients and/or shield a doctor from fluids; on a surface of waiting room chairs and waiting room furniture; on a surface of operating room instruments; on a surface of operating room instrument trays; on a surface in hospital rooms; on bedside table surfaces; on bedrail surfaces; on nursing call buttons; on bedrail switch panel surfaces; on a surface of control panels or membrane switches; on surfaces of medical monitoring equipment or medical equipment used to sustain or support body functions; on neonatal support units; on incubator units; on artificial heart or lung machines; on cover surfaces; or on a bed sheet surface; on a bathroom, locker room and/or waiting room surfaces; on the surfaces of toilets, sinks, hand washing areas, hand drying areas, mirrors, doors, door handles, door locks, push plates located on door surfaces; on supporting rails in the bathrooms, on surfaces of bathroom fixtures, on surfaces of shower tiles; on surfaces of towel racks; on surfaces of shower curtains or surfaces of sources of illumination; on a work surface on all surfaces that are contacted by a health care provider and/or a patient; on all surfaces of Class I medical devices; on thermometer tips, pens, stationary, doctor and/or nurse gowns, and/or clothing used by health care providers; on devices used for transporting medical equipment or medical components; on devices used to package medical devices, package catheters, package guidewires, package needles and/or package syringes; on surfaces of kitchens and dining halls, surfaces of countertops, surfaces of sinks, refrigerator surfaces, microwave surfaces, oven surfaces, stove top surfaces, surfaces of food trays used in airlines, ships and on buses, surfaces of knives, surfaces of forks and surfaces of spoons; surfaces of ventilators; surfaces of an office; surfaces of a gymnasium; surfaces of a laboratory; work table surfaces; chair surfaces; handles of chairs; computer surfaces; keyboards, surfaces of a mouse; surfaces of memory sticks; clean room surfaces; exercise equipment surfaces; surfaces of public buses and trains; grab rail surfaces; push bar surfaces or hand rail surfaces; surface of a device used for the transportation of food; a filter, nozzle, valve, heater, aspirator, decanter, jar, cup, vaporizer, humidifier, air conditioner, fan, propeller, wind tunnel, exterior body panel of automobile, ship, airplane, solar panel, wind turbine, turbine blade, sidings for buildings, airfoil or siphon; as packaging for thermal insulation used in the interior of structures, buildings, airplanes and ships; a construction surface, where the construction surface is a surface of a wooden beam, a metal beam, a plastic beam, a brick, or dry wall; a surface that contacts water or moisture over extended periods of time; on internal and external surfaces of electronic devices used for entertainment; communications; signal transmission; capturing images; or for capturing and transmitting auditory signals; on internal and external surfaces of electronic devices; the electronic devices being solid-state musical devices; solid-state gaming devices and electronic toys; on cell phones, personnel digital assistant phones, laptops, digital cameras, infrared cameras, infrared scopes, night vision goggles, blue tooth headsets or earphones; on surfaces that are contacted by the mouths of babies or toddlers, the surfaces being high chair trays, pacifiers, diaper changing pads, crib frames and rails, reusable and disposable water bottles, cups and mugs, coffee thermos flasks, toys, blocks, coins or nipples; on clothing and accessories, sunglass lenses, frames of sunglasses, eye glass lenses, surfaces and frames of aquariums, outdoor clothing, water resistant jackets, coats, sports clothing, swimsuits, wetsuits, surfboards, outdoor equipment, tents, lanterns, lamps, tickets, shirt and dress collars or textile surfaces that contact armpits and other private parts of the body; on camping equipment, tents, poles, lamps, camping gear, sports equipment, parachutes, parachute rigs, parachute bags, insides and outsides of shoes or insoles; on the surfaces of marine vessels and other devices that contact water; the surface of marine vessels comprise boat hulls, intake and outlet pipes for industrial and power plants, drilling rigs for underwater surfaces, fish tanks and aquariums, boat surfaces above the hull, bilge tanks, water treatment plants or pumping station surfaces; a bag that is used to grow algae; a bag that is used to deter the growth of algae; a bag; a handbag; a garbage bag; and a bag that is used for carrying tissue, fluids from living beings, waste and other byproducts from living beings. 8. The article of claim 1, where the curved surface is: a surface of an electrostatic film applied to operating room surfaces between surgeries; a surgical drape used to cover patients and/or shield a doctor from fluids; a surface of waiting room chairs and waiting room furniture; a surfaces of operating room instruments; a surface of operating room instrument trays; a bedside table surface; a bedrail switch panel surface; a surface of control panels; a cover surface; or a bed sheet surface; a surface in a hospital, a bathroom, an office building, a school, a college, a stadium, a place where mass gatherings of people take place; an inner and/or an outer surface of medical packaging, medical facilities and/or nursing stations; bathroom, locker room and/or waiting room surfaces; a surface of a toilet, sink, hand washing area, hand drying area, mirror, door, door handle, door lock, push plate located on door surfaces, supporting rails in a bathroom or a surface of a source of illumination; a surface of laboratory culture dishes where attachment of organisms to a surface inside the dish is not desired; an inner or outer surface of a device that is used to transfer fluids, water, saline water or granular particles; a surface of a filter, nozzle, valve, heater, aspirator, decanter, jar, cup, vaporizer, humidifier, air conditioner, fan, propeller, wind tunnel, exterior body panel of automobile, ship, airplane, solar panel, wind turbine, turbine blade, sidings for buildings, airfoil or siphon. 9. The article of claim 1, where the article is an electronic device. 10. The article of claim 1, where the curved surface comprises a metal, a ceramic, a plastic, a serrated plastic and/or a textile net or mesh. 11. The article of claim 1, where the article is a device that is used to permit a fluid to undergo a transformation from a first physical state to a second physical state. 12. The article of claim 1, where the article is a device that is used to permit a solid to transform to a liquid and vice versa; a liquid to a gas and vice versa; or a gas to a solid and vice versa. 13. The article of claim 1, where the article is used in replacement joints; plates; tendon and ligament ends for enhanced tissue adaptation; vascular implants; grafts; shunts; inner and outer surfaces of periodontal dressings; intravenous catheters; ports for intravenous catheters; foley catheters; plates; adhesive tapes; patches; bandages; electrical leads; dental implants; orthodontia devices; iols (intraocular lenses); hydrogel films for tissue enhancement; skin grafting; isolation of bacteria from tissues; heart-lung machine surfaces to reduce infection; clotting/thrombosis; tissue constructs for organ/tissue genesis; dialysis machine components; tubing and control panels; cochlear/otolaryngology implants and electronic devices; pace maker leads and body; fibrillator leads and body; heart valve flow surfaces and fixation surfaces; spinal implants; cranial/facial implants; biomedical instruments; heart valves; scalpels; tongs; forceps; saws; reamers; grippers; spreaders; pliers; hammers; drills; laryngoscopes; bronchoscopes; oesophagoscopes; stethoscopes; mirrors; oral/ear speculum; xray plates/frames; xray device surfaces; magnetic resonance imaging surfaces; echo cardiogram surfaces; cat-scan surfaces; scales; and clipboards. 14. An article comprising: a planar surface; the planar surface having disposed thereon a plurality of patterns; each pattern being defined by a plurality of spaced apart features attached to or projected into the curved surface, the plurality of features each having at least one neighboring feature having a substantially different geometry, wherein an average spacing between adjacent ones of the features is between about 1 nanometer and about 1 millimeter in at least a portion of the curved surface, wherein the plurality of spaced apart features are represented by a periodic function. 15. The article of claim 14, where the article is used on a surface of an electrostatic film applied to operating room surfaces between surgeries; on a surface of surgical drapes used to cover patients and/or shield a doctor from fluids; on a surface of waiting room chairs and waiting room furniture; on a surface of operating room instruments; on a surface of operating room instrument trays; on a surface in hospital rooms; on bedside table surfaces; on bedrail surfaces; on nursing call buttons; on bedrail switch panel surfaces; on a surface of control panels or membrane switches; on surfaces of medical monitoring equipment or medical equipment used to sustain or support body functions; on neonatal support units; on incubator units; on artificial heart or lung machines; on cover surfaces; or on a bed sheet surface; on a bathroom, locker room and/or waiting room surfaces; on the surfaces of toilets, sinks, hand washing areas, hand drying areas, mirrors, doors, door handles, door locks, push plates located on door surfaces; on supporting rails in the bathrooms, on surfaces of bathroom fixtures, on surfaces of shower tiles; on surfaces of towel racks; on surfaces of shower curtains or surfaces of sources of illumination; on a work surface on all surfaces that are contacted by a health care provider and/or a patient; on all surfaces of Class I medical devices; on thermometer tips, pens, stationary, doctor and/or nurse gowns, and/or clothing used by health care providers; on devices used for transporting medical equipment or medical components; on devices used to package medical devices, package catheters, package guidewires, package needles and/or package syringes; on surfaces of kitchens and dining halls, surfaces of countertops, surfaces of sinks, refrigerator surfaces, microwave surfaces, oven surfaces, stove top surfaces, surfaces of food trays used in airlines, ships and on buses, surfaces of knives, surfaces of forks and surfaces of spoons; surfaces of ventilators; surfaces of an office; surfaces of a gymnasium; surfaces of a laboratory; work table surfaces; chair surfaces; handles of chairs; computer surfaces; keyboards, surfaces of a mouse; surfaces of memory sticks; clean room surfaces; exercise equipment surfaces; surfaces of public buses and trains; grab rail surfaces; push bar surfaces or hand rail surfaces; surface of a device used for the transportation of food; a filter, nozzle, valve, heater, aspirator, decanter, jar, cup, vaporizer, humidifier, air conditioner, fan, propeller, wind tunnel, exterior body panel of automobile, ship, airplane, solar panel, wind turbine, turbine blade, sidings for buildings, airfoil or siphon; as packaging for thermal insulation used in the interior of structures, buildings, airplanes and ships; a construction surface, where the construction surface is a surface of a wooden beam, a metal beam, a plastic beam, a brick, or dry wall; a surface that contacts water or moisture over extended periods of time; on internal and external surfaces of electronic devices used for entertainment; communications; signal transmission; capturing images; or for capturing and transmitting auditory signals; on internal and external surfaces of electronic devices; the electronic devices being solid-state musical devices; solid-state gaming devices and electronic toys; on cell phones, personnel digital assistant phones, laptops, digital cameras, infrared cameras, infrared scopes, night vision goggles, blue tooth headsets or earphones; on surfaces that are contacted by the mouths of babies or toddlers, the surfaces being high chair trays, pacifiers, diaper changing pads, crib frames and rails, reusable and disposable water bottles, cups and mugs, coffee thermos flasks, toys, blocks, coins or nipples; on clothing and accessories, sunglass lenses, frames of sunglasses, eye glass lenses, surfaces and frames of aquariums, outdoor clothing, water resistant jackets, coats, sports clothing, swimsuits, wetsuits, surfboards, outdoor equipment, tents, lanterns, lamps, tickets, shirt and dress collars or textile surfaces that contact armpits and other private parts of the body; on camping equipment, tents, poles, lamps, camping gear, sports equipment, parachutes, parachute rigs, parachute bags, insides and outsides of shoes or insoles; on the surfaces of marine vessels and other devices that contact water; the surface of marine vessels comprise boat hulls, intake and outlet pipes for industrial and power plants, drilling rigs for underwater surfaces, fish tanks and aquariums, boat surfaces above the hull, bilge tanks, water treatment plants or pumping station surfaces; a bag that is used to grow algae; a bag that is used to deter the growth of algae; a bag; a handbag; a garbage bag; and a bag that is used for carrying tissue, fluids from living beings, waste and other byproducts from living beings. 16. The article of claim 14, where the curved surface is: a surface of an electrostatic film applied to operating room surfaces between surgeries; a surgical drape used to cover patients and/or shield a doctor from fluids; a surface of waiting room chairs and waiting room furniture; a surfaces of operating room instruments; a surface of operating room instrument trays; a bedside table surface; a bedrail switch panel surface; a surface of control panels; a cover surface; or a bed sheet surface; a surface in a hospital, a bathroom, an office building, a school, a college, a stadium, a place where mass gatherings of people take place; an inner and/or an outer surface of medical packaging, medical facilities and/or nursing stations; bathroom, locker room and/or waiting room surfaces; a surface of a toilet, sink, hand washing area, hand drying area, mirror, door, door handle, door lock, push plate located on door surfaces, supporting rails in a bathroom or a surface of a source of illumination; a surface of laboratory culture dishes where attachment of organisms to a surface inside the dish is not desired; an inner or outer surface of a device that is used to transfer fluids, water, saline water or granular particles; a surface of a filter, nozzle, valve, heater, aspirator, decanter, jar, cup, vaporizer, humidifier, air conditioner, fan, propeller, wind tunnel, exterior body panel of automobile, ship, airplane, solar panel, wind turbine, turbine blade, sidings for buildings, airfoil or siphon. 17. A method comprising: disposing upon a curved surface a soft mold; the curved surface comprising an organic polymer; the soft mold having an elastic modulus of about 10.sup.5 to about 10.sup.8 pascals and having disposed upon its surface a pattern; heating the curved surface to a temperature greater than the softening point of the organic polymer; inflating the soft mold to contact the curved surface; and impressing upon the curved surface an image of the pattern. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the inflating is conducted by pressuring the soft mold with a fluid. 19. The method of claim 18, where the fluid is air, oil, a volatile organic solvent, water, or a combination comprising at least one of the foregoing fluids. 20. The method of claim 17, where the inflating is conducted using a magnetorheological fluid or an electrorheological fluid. 21. The method of claim 20, further comprising solidifying the magnetorheological fluid or an electrorheological fluid in the soft mold. 22. The method of claim 17, where the inflating is conducted using a precursor to a thermosetting polymer. 23. The method of claim 22, further comprising solidifying the thermosetting polymer by curing it or by irradiating it. 24. The method of claim 23, further comprising heating the thermosetting polymer. 25. The method of claim 22, further comprising cooling the curved surface to a temperature lower than the softening point of the organic polymer. 26. The method of claim 25, further comprising removing the soft mold from the curved surface. 27. The method of claim 17, further comprising disposing a thermosetting polymer between the soft mold and the curved surface. 28. The method of claim 27, further comprising curing the thermosetting polymer that is disposed between the soft mold and the curved surface. 29. An article manufactured by the method of claim 17. 30. The article of claim 29, where the article is a tube. 31. The article of claim 30, where the tube has a pattern on its inner surface. 32. The article of claim 31, where the pattern has a feature that has a dimension of about 1 nanometer to about 1,000 micrometers. 33. A method comprising: disposing upon a surface a soft mold; the soft mold having a pattern disposed upon it; heating the surface to a temperature greater than its softening point; inflating the soft mold to contact the surface; and impressing upon the surface an image of the pattern. 34. The method of claim 33, wherein the inflating is conducted by pressuring the soft mold with a fluid. 35. The method of claim 34, where the fluid is air, oil, a volatile organic solvent, water, or a combination comprising at least one of the foregoing fluids. 36. The method of claim 33, where the inflating is conducted using a magnetorheological fluid or an electrorheological fluid. 37. The method of claim 33, where the inflating is conducted using a precursor to a thermosetting polymer. 38. The method of claim 37, further comprising solidifying the thermosetting polymer by curing it. 39. The method of claim 33, wherein the surface is a non-planar surface, a planar surface, or a combination of a non-planar surface and a planar surface. 40. An article manufactured by the method of claim 33. 41. A method comprising: disposing upon a surface a mold; the mold having a pattern disposed upon it; heating the surface to a temperature greater than its softening point; inflating the mold to contact the surface; and impressing upon the surface an image of the pattern. 42. The method of claim 41, where the surface comprises a metal, a ceramic, an organic polymer, or a combination comprising at least one metal, ceramic or organic polymer. 43. The method of claim 41, where the mold comprises a metal. 44. A method comprising: disposing upon a surface a mold; the mold having a pattern disposed upon it; and etching those portions of the surface that are not protected by the mold. 45. A method comprising: disposing a pattern upon a mandrel; extruding a polymer onto a surface of the mandrel; and impressing the pattern from the mandrel upon a surface of the polymer to manufacture a first pattern on the polymer. 46. The method of claim 45, where the mandrel travels through the die of the extruder. 47. The method of claim 45, where the mandrel comprises a shape memory alloy. 48. The method of claim 45, where the impressing of the pattern on the surface of the polymer comprises pressurizing the polymer against the mandrel. 49. The method of claim 45, where the pattern on the mandrel is etched into the surface of the mandrel. 50. The method of claim 45, where the pattern on the mandrel comprises an organic polymer. 51. The method of claim 45, further comprising curing the polymer. 52. The method of claim 45, further comprising curing the polymer by irradiation. 53. The method of claim 45, further comprising co-extruding an additional layer onto the polymer. 54. The method of claim 53, further comprising irradiating the polymer to manufacture a second pattern on the polymer. 55. A method comprising: disposing a polymer upon a surface of a device; disposing a mask upon a surface that is opposed to the surface upon which the polymer is disposed; the mask having a pattern; irradiating the device to react the polymer; and removing the unreacted polymer to form a pattern on the device; where the pattern corresponds to the pattern on the mask. 56. An article comprising: a curved surface; the curved surface having disposed thereon a plurality of patterns; each pattern being defined by a plurality of spaced apart features attached to or projected into a base article, the plurality of features each having at least two neighboring feature having a substantially different geometry, wherein an average spacing between neighboring features is between about 1 nanometer and about 1 millimeter in at least a portion of the surface, wherein the plurality of spaced apart features are represented by a periodic function. 57. An article comprising: an inner surface; the inner surface having disposed thereon a plurality of patterns; each pattern being defined by a plurality of spaced apart features attached to or projected into a base article, the plurality of features each having at least one microscale dimension and having at least one neighboring feature having a substantially different geometry, wherein an average first feature spacing between adjacent ones of the features is between about 1 nanometer and about 1 millimeter in at least a portion of the surface, wherein the plurality of spaced apart features are represented by a periodic function. 