Disclosed embodiments include a complete system and platform which allows for continuous monitoring of movement disorders during normal daily activities in the clinic, home, and other normal daily environments. The system comprises: 1) a wearable apparatus for continuous monitoring of movement disorders, 2) a docking station, 3) a web server, and 4) methods for statistical analysis that generate movement impairment measures. Disclosed embodiments include a wearable movement monitoring apparatus comprising of (a) a sensor module including a plurality of low power micro-electromechanical systems kinematics sensors; (b) a microprocessor module including a low power microcontroller configured for device control, device status, and device communication; (c) a data storage module including a solid state local storage medium; (d) a wireless communication module including a low power surface mount transceiver and an integrated antenna; and (e) a power and docking module including a battery, an energy charging regulator circuit, and a docking connector.
Claims 1. A wearable movement monitoring apparatus, comprising: (a) a sensor module comprising a plurality of low power solid state kinematics sensors; (b) a microprocessor module comprising a low power microcontroller configured for device control, device status, and device communication; (c) a data storage module comprising a solid state local storage medium; (d) a wireless communication module comprising a low power surface mount transceiver and an integrated antenna; and (e) a power and docking module comprising a battery, an energy charging regulator circuit, and a docking connector. 2. The wearable movement monitoring apparatus of claim 1, wherein said plurality of solid state kinematics sensors include a plurality of MEMS, surface mount, low power, low noise inertial sensors including a plurality of accelerometers and gyroscopes. 3. The wearable movement monitoring apparatus of claim 2, wherein said plurality of solid state kinematics sensors further include a plurality of surface mount, low power, low noise, GMR magnetometers. 4. The wearable movement monitoring apparatus of claim 1, wherein said solid state local storage medium is substantially equivalent to a high capacity SD card in order to enable for multi-day local storage of movement monitoring data at high frequencies. 5. The wearable movement monitoring apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication module is designed to communicate with a plurality of wearable movement monitors (peer-to-peer communication) in order to synchronize said monitors, and to communicate with a host computer (peer-to-host communication) to transmit sensor data. 6. The wearable movement monitoring apparatus of claim 5, wherein said integrated antenna in said wireless communication module is a bidirectional groundplane PCB patch antenna. 7. The wearable movement monitoring apparatus of claim 6, wherein said communication module accepts transmissions from a plurality of beacons and calculates the device location. 8. The wearable movement monitoring apparatus of claim 1, wherein said power and docking module comprising said battery, said energy charging regulator circuit, and said docking connector includes an external connector to access external power and provide high speed communication with an external docking station. 9. The wearable movement monitoring apparatus of claim 8, wherein said energy charging regulator circuit is a solid state integrated circuit charger. 10. The wearable movement monitoring apparatus of claim 9, wherein said said solid state integrated circuit charger is a linear Lithium Ion Polymer battery charger IC and said battery is a Lithium Ion Polymer battery. 11. The wearable movement monitoring apparatus of claim 10, wherein said Lithium Ion Polymer battery can be selected for a particular application as a function of its mAHr characteristics. 12. The wearable movement monitoring apparatus of claim 11, further comprising a module to harvest energy from the local environment 13. The wearable movement monitoring apparatus of claim 12, wherein said module to harvest energy from the local environment comprises a kinetic generator. 14. The wearable movement monitoring apparatus of claim 13, wherein said module to harvest energy from the local environment further comprises a small solar panel. 15. The wearable movement monitoring apparatus of claim 8, wherein said docking connector provides inductive wireless power transmission for external power. 16. The wearable movement monitoring apparatus of claim 8, wherein said device status includes an action reminder chosen from the group consisting of a gentle vibration, an auditory cue, and a visual cue to remind a person to take a treatment or perform a symptom measurement task. 17. The wearable movement monitoring apparatus of claim 1, further comprising an external movement monitoring system, said system comprising: (a) an external docking station for re-charging said wearable movement monitoring apparatus, storing movement data, and transmitting said movement data to a plurality of receiver devices, and (b) a plurality of wireless transceiver access points for wireless transmission of said movement data to a plurality of receiver devices. 18. The wearable movement monitoring apparatus of claim 17, further comprising a web-enabled server computer including a clinical data management and analysis system for storing, sharing, analyzing, and visualizing said movement data using a plurality of statistical signal processing methods. 19. The wearable movement monitoring apparatus of claim 18, wherein said external docking station and plurality of wireless transceiver access are designed to communicate with said web-enabled server. 