Maintaining uniform power consumption from an electric utility by a local load in a power distribution that includes a distributed renewable generation (`DRG`) system that is capable of providing power to the utility and batteries for storage, where maintaining uniform power consumption is carried out iteratively and includes monitoring present power consumption of the local load from the electric utility; determining whether the present power consumption is greater than a predefined target power consumption by the local load; if the present power consumption is not greater, storing locally generated power in the batteries; if the present power consumption is greater: calculating in dependence upon present local power generation by the DRG system, the predefined target power consumption, and the present power consumption of the local load, an amount of locally generated power to provide to the electric utility; and providing the amount of locally generated power to the electric utility.
Claims 1. A method of maintaining uniform power consumption from an electric utility by a local load in a power distribution system, the power distribution system comprising a distributed renewable generation (`DRG`) system, the DRG system capable of providing power to the electric utility and one or more batteries for storage, the method carried out iteratively during operation of the power distribution system, the method comprising: monitoring, by a control module, present power consumption of the local load from the electric utility; determining, by the control module, whether the present power consumption is greater than a predefined target power consumption by the local load; if the present power consumption is not greater than the predefined target power consumption by the local load, storing, by the control module, locally generated power in the batteries; if the present power consumption is greater than the predefined target power consumption by the local load: calculating, by the control module, in dependence upon present local power generation by the DRG system, the predefined target power consumption, and the present power consumption of the local load, an amount of locally generated power to provide to the electric utility; and providing, by the control module, the amount of locally generated power to the electric utility. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising: determining that the present power consumption is greater than the predefined target power consumption by the local load only if the present state of charge of the batteries is greater than a predetermined threshold. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein monitoring, by a control module, present power consumption of the local load from the electric utility further comprises monitoring, with a current sensor, current draw by the local load from the electric utility. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein: calculating an amount of locally generated power to provide to the electric utility further comprises calculating an amount of locally generated power to provide to the electric utility that is less than present local power generation by the DRG system; and providing the amount of locally generated power to the electric utility further comprises charging the batteries with present local power generation not provided to the electric utility. 5. The method of claim 1 further comprising: receiving, by the control module from an owner of the power distribution system, a specification of the predefined target power consumption. 6. The method of claim 1 further comprising: receiving, by the control module from the electric utility, a request to modify the predefined target power consumption; and upon approval by an owner of the power distribution system, modifying, by the control module, the predefined target power consumption in accordance with the electric utility's request. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein the DRG system further comprises a photovoltaic (`PV`) system. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein the DRG system further comprises a micro-hydroelectric system. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein the DRG system further comprises a wind turbine system. 10. An apparatus for maintaining uniform power consumption from an electric utility by a local load in a power distribution system, the power distribution system comprising a distributed renewable generation (`DRG`) system, the DRG system capable of providing power to the electric utility and one or more batteries for storage, the apparatus comprising a computer processor, a computer memory operatively coupled to the computer processor, the computer memory having disposed within it computer program instructions capable of: iteratively during operation of the power distribution system: monitoring, by a control module, present power consumption of the local load from the electric utility; determining, by the control module, whether the present power consumption is greater than a predefined target power consumption by the local load; if the present power consumption is not greater than the predefined target power consumption by the local load, storing, by the control module, locally generated power in the batteries; if the present power consumption is greater than the predefined target power consumption by the local load: calculating, by the control module, in dependence upon present local power generation by the DRG system, the predefined target power consumption, and the present power consumption of the local load, an amount of locally generated power to provide to the electric utility; and providing, by the control module, the amount of locally generated power to the electric utility. 11. The apparatus of claim 8 further comprising computer program instructions capable of: determining that the present power consumption is greater than the predefined target power consumption by the local load only if the present state of charge of the batteries is greater than a predetermined threshold. 12. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein monitoring, by a control module, present power consumption of the local load from the electric utility further comprises monitoring, with a current sensor, current draw by the local load from the electric utility. 13. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein: calculating an amount of locally generated power to provide to the electric utility further comprises calculating an amount of locally generated power to provide to the electric utility that is less than present local power generation by the DRG system; and providing the amount of locally generated power to the electric utility further comprises charging the batteries with present local power generation not provided to the electric utility. 14. The apparatus of claim 8 further comprising computer program instructions capable of: receiving, by the control module from an owner of the power distribution system, a specification of the predefined target power consumption. 15. The apparatus of claim 8 further comprising computer program instructions capable of: receiving, by the control module from the electric utility, a request to modify the predefined target power consumption; and upon approval by an owner of the power distribution system, modifying, by the control module, the predefined target power consumption in accordance with the electric utility's request. 16. A computer program product for maintaining uniform power consumption from an electric utility by a local load in a power distribution system, the power distribution system comprising a distributed renewable generation (`DRG`) system, the DRG system capable of providing power to the electric utility and one or more batteries for storage, the computer program product disposed in a computer readable recording medium, the computer program product comprising computer program instructions capable of: iteratively during operation of the power distribution system: monitoring, by a control module, present power consumption of the local load from the electric utility; determining, by the control module, whether the present power consumption is greater than a predefined target power consumption by the local load; if the present power consumption is not greater than the predefined target power consumption by the local load, storing, by the control module, locally generated power in the batteries; if the present power consumption is greater than the predefined target power consumption by the local load: calculating, by the control module, in dependence upon present local power generation by the DRG system, the predefined target power consumption, and the present power consumption of the local load, an amount of locally generated power to provide to the electric utility; and providing, by the control module, the amount of locally generated power to the electric utility. 17. The computer program product of claim 16 further comprising computer program instructions capable of: determining that the present power consumption is greater than the predefined target power consumption by the local load only if the present state of charge of the batteries is greater than a predetermined threshold. 18. The computer program product of claim 16 wherein monitoring, by a control module, present power consumption of the local load from the electric utility further comprises monitoring, with a current sensor, current draw by the local load from the electric utility. 19. The computer program product of claim 16 further comprising computer program instructions capable of: receiving, by the control module from an owner of the power distribution system, a specification of the predefined target power consumption. 20. The computer program product of claim 16 further comprising computer program instructions capable of: receiving, by the control module from the electric utility, a request to modify the predefined target power consumption; and upon approval by an owner of the power distribution system, modifying, by the control module, the predefined target power consumption in accordance with the electric utility's request. 