An apparatus and method includes a solar panel. A power bus is coupled to the solar panel, and supports transmission of AC communication signals. The power bus includes a high current power wire. A current transformer is coupled to the power bus adjacent the solar panel. A capacitor, coupled to the power bus, is connected in parallel with the solar panel, and connected between the solar panel and the current transformer.
Claims 1. A system comprising: a solar panel; a power bus, coupled to the solar panel, supporting transmission of AC communication signals, the power bus including a high current power wire; a current transformer coupled to the power bus adjacent the solar panel; a capacitor, coupled to the power bus, connected in parallel with the solar panel, the capacitor connected between the solar panel and the current transformer. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the power bus is a DC power line. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the current transformer includes the high current wire line as a primary winding and a Rogowski coil as a secondary winding. 4. The system of claim 3 wherein the current transformer has a winding ratio between 1:50 and 1:200 approximately. 5. The system of claim 3 further comprising an adapter communicatively coupled to the current transformer. 6. The system of claim 1 further comprising an adapter communicatively coupled to the current transformer. 7. The system of claim 6 wherein the adapter includes a modem. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein the adapter is configured to receive and transmit information from sensors, the information relating to measurements of photovoltaic cell characteristics. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein the power bus is a low frequency AC power line. 10. An energy generation system for supporting AC communication signals comprising: an array of solar panels; an inverter; a power bus, connecting the array of solar panels and the inverter, to transmit the AC communication signals; a plurality of capacitors; and a plurality of current transformers coupled to the power bus, wherein each solar panel in the array is associated with a corresponding capacitor of the plurality of capacitors and a corresponding current transformer of the plurality of current transformers, the corresponding capacitor connected in parallel with the solar panel. 11. The system of claim 10 wherein the power bus is a DC power line. 12. The system of claim 10 wherein the corresponding current transformer includes a high current power wire as a primary winding and a Rogowski coil as a secondary winding. 13. The system of claim 12 wherein the corresponding current transformer has a winding ratio between 1:50 and 1:200 approximately. 14. The system of claim 12 further comprising a plurality of adapters, wherein each of the corresponding current transformers is coupled to a corresponding adapter of the plurality of adapters. 15. The system of claim 14 wherein the corresponding adapter includes a modem configured to process information from sensors, the information relating to measurements of photovoltaic cell characteristics. 16. The system of claim 10 wherein the corresponding capacitor is connected adjacent the solar panel and between the solar panel and the corresponding current transformer. 17. The system of claim 10 further comprising: a capacitor connected in parallel with the inverter; and a current transformer coupled to the power bus adjacent the inverter, the capacitor connected between the current transformer and the inverter. 18. The system of claim 10 further comprising: a parallel capacitor connected at a predetermined location along the power bus; and a pair of current transformers, each current transformer of the pair positioned on each side of the parallel capacitor, secondary windings of the pair of current transformers connected to one another to form a separate path for the AC communication signals. 19. The system of claim 10 wherein a first portion of the array of solar panels are connected in series and a second portion of the array of solar panels are connected in series, the first portion and the second portion connected in parallel. 20. An solar energy system for supporting AC communication signals comprising: at least one solar panel; an inverter; a DC power bus, connecting the at least one solar panel and the inverter, to transmit the AC communication signals, the power bus including a high current power wire; at least one capacitor connected in parallel with the at least one solar panel; at least one current transformer including the high current power wire as a primary winding and a Rogowski coil as a secondary winding, wherein the at least one capacitor is connected to the power bus adjacent the at least one solar panel and between the at least one solar panel and the at least one current transformer; at least one adapter including a modem, coupled to leads of the current transformer, and configured to process information from sensors, the information relating to measurements of photovoltaic cell characteristics; a separating capacitor connected in parallel with the inverter at a predetermined location along the power bus; and a pair of current transformers, each current transformer of the pair positioned on each side of the separating capacitor, secondary windings of the pair of current transformers connected to one another to form a separate path for the AC communication signal. 