A method of manufacturing a solar cell by providing a first substrate; depositing on a first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell; mounting and bonding a surrogate second substrate composed of a material having a coefficient of thermal expansion substantially similar to that of the semiconductor layer on top of the sequence of layers; and removing the first substrate.
Claims 1. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first substrate; depositing on a first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell; mounting and bonding a surrogate second substrate composed of a material having a coefficient of thermal expansion substantially similar to that of the semiconductor layer on top of the sequence of layers; and removing the first substrate. 2. A method of forming a multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the bonding step is eutectic bonding. 3. A method of forming a multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the coefficient of thermal expansion of the surrogate second substrate is in the range of 6 to 7 ppm per degree Kelvin. 4. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the surrogate second substrate is composed of a silicon aluminum alloy having approximately 80% silicon and 20% aluminum. 5. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the depositing a sequence of layers comprises: forming a first subcell comprising a first semiconductor material with a first band gap and a first lattice constant; forming a second subcell comprising a second semiconductor material with a second band gap and a second lattice constant, wherein the second band gap is less than the first band gap and the second lattice constant is greater than the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant: and forming a lattice constant transition material positioned between the first subcell and the second subcell, said lattice constant transition material having a lattice constant that changes gradually from the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant. 6. A method as defined in claim 5, wherein said transition material is composed of any of the As P, N, Sb based II-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the first subcell and less than or equal to that of the second subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the second subcell, and the band gap of the transition material remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV throughout its thickness. 7. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 5, wherein the transition material is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.y Al.sub.1-yAs, with x and y selected such that the band gap of the interlayer material remains constant throughout its thickness. 8. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the sequence of layers of semiconductor material forms: a bottom subcell having a band gap in the range of 0.8 to 1.2 eV; a middle subcell having a band gap in the range of 1.2 to 1.6 eV, disposed over and being lattice mismatched to the bottom cell; and a top subcell having a band gap in the range of 1.8 to 2.1 eV and disposed over and being lattice matched to the middle cell. 9. A method as defined in claim 8, wherein the top subcell is composed of InGa(Al)P. 10. The method as defined in claim 8, wherein the middle subcell is composed of an GaAs, GaInP, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and a GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 11. The method as defined in claim 8, wherein the bottom solar subcell is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter layer, or a InGaAs base layer and a InGaP emitter layer. 12. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the first substrate is composed of gallium arsenide or germanium. 13. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the first substrate is removed by grinding, lapping, or etching. 14. A method of forming a multifunction solar cell including an upper subcell, a middle subcell, and a lower subcell comprising: providing a first substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming an upper first solar subcell on said first substrate having a first band gap; forming a middle second solar subcell over said first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a graded interlayer over said second solar cell; forming a lower third solar subcell over said graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell; mounting a surrogate second substrate over said third solar subcell, said surrogate second substrate being composed of a material having a coefficient of thermal expansion substantially similar to that of the third solar subcell; and removing said first substrate. 15. A method as defined in claim 14, wherein the coefficient of thermal expansion of the surrogate second substrate is in the range of 6 to 7 ppm per degree Kelvin and is composed of a silicon aluminum alloy having approximately 80% silicon and 20% aluminum. 16. The method as defined in claim 14, wherein the upper subeell is composed of InGa(Al )P, the middle subcell is composed of an GaAs, GaInP, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and a GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region, and the lower solar subcell is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter layer, or a InGaAs base layer and a InGaP emitter layer. 17. The method as defined as claim 14, wherein the graded interlayer is compositionally graded to lattice match the middle subcell on one side and the lower subcell on the other side, and is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.y Al.sub.1-yAs with x and y selected such that the band gap of the interlayer remains constant throughout its thickness and greater than said second band gap. 18. The method as defined in claim 17, wherein the graded interlayer has approximately a 1.5 eV band gap throughout its thickness. 19. The method as defined in claim 14, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the second solar cell and less than or equal to that of the second solar cell and less than or equal to that of the third solar cell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the second solar cell. 20. A method as defined in claim 14, wherein the first substrate is composed of gallium arsenide or germanium and is removed by grinding, lapping, or etching. 