The invention relates to an organic optoelectronic component comprising a base electrode, a top electrode that is provided with passages and an arrangement of organic layers, which is formed between the base electrode and the top electrode and makes electrical contact with said electrodes. In said component, light can be generated in a light-emitting region by the application of electrical energy to the base electrode and the top electrode. An organic current distribution layer also extends into the region containing the passages, said layer making electrical contact with the top electrode and the light-emitting region.
Claims 1. An organic optoelectronic component, with a base electrode, a top electrode provided with passages, and an arrangement of organic layers which is formed between the base electrode and the top electrode and makes electrical contact with said electrodes; and in which component light can be generated in a light-emitting region by the application of electrical energy to the base electrode and the top electrode; in which component an organic current distribution layer extends into the region containing the passages, which layer makes electrical contact with the top electrode and the light-emitting region. 2. The component according to claim 1, wherein the organic current distribution layer is formed in physical contact with the top electrode. 3. The component according to claim 1, wherein the organic current distribution layer is formed so that it has an electric conductivity of at least 0.001 S/cm, preferably with an electric conductivity of 0.05 S/cm, and even more preferably with an electric conductivity of at least 1 S/cm. 4. The component according to claim 1, wherein a minimal dimension of the passages is at least as large as a total height of the arrangement of organic layers. 5. The component according to claim 1, wherein the organic current distribution layer is formed as an electric charge-carrier in the form of holes in the direction of the extension of the transporting layer, when the top electrode is an anode. 6. The component according to claim 1, wherein the organic current distribution layer is formed as an electric charge-carrier in the form of electrons in the direction of the extension of the transporting layer, when the top electrode is a cathode. 7. The component according to claim 1, wherein the organic current distribution layer is formed as a doped organic layer with a doping which enhances electric conductivity. 8. The component according to claim 1, wherein the organic current distribution layer is formed as a fullerene layer. 9. The component according to claim 1, wherein the organic current distribution layer is formed in connection with a p-n-junction. 10. The component according to claim 1, wherein the organic current distribution layer is formed partly on one of the sides of the top electrode facing away from the arrangement of organic layers. 11. The application of an organic optoelectronic component according to claim 1 in a device selected from the following group of devices: a component such as an organic LED or organic solar cell, a display device such as a monitor, or a display and illumination device. 