A photovoltaic power plant design is disclosed where a two-tier DC power collection method is used in concert with specific array field geometries and equipment locations to minimize system wiring costs and/or resistive wiring losses.
Claims 1. A power plant for converting DC power from photovoltaic sources to AC power comprising a number of photovoltaic modules, a number of components described as field combiner boxes, a number of components described as master combiner boxes and a DC-to-AC power converter and where a series string is defined as a number of photovoltaic modules electrically connected in series and furthermore where a number of series strings are each connected to an input of a field combiner box and where a number of series strings are electrically connected in parallel at an output of a field combiner box and where a number of field combiner box outputs are each connected to an input of a master combiner box and where a number of field combiner box outputs are electrically connected in parallel at an output of a master combiner box and where an output of a master combiner box is connected to an input of the DC-to-AC power converter and where an output of the DC-to-AC power converter is connected to an AC load. 2. A power plant according to claim 1 where overcurrent devices are connected in series with field combiner box inputs and master combiner box inputs. 3. A power plant according to claim 1 where said AC load is an AC polyphase electrical utility grid. 4. A power plant according to claim 1 comprising two tiers of DC power collection and overcurrent protection where a low current tier is facilitated by said field combiner boxes, to provide localized power collection within a photovoltaic array field and where the high current tier is facilitated by said master combiner box or boxes to provide a final collection point for all DC power to be converted by said DC-to-AC converter and where a photovoltaic array field is physically configured to provide the shortest path for connections between field combiner box outputs and master combiner box inputs. 5. A power plant according to claim 1 where a number of field combiner box outputs are electrically connected in daisy-chain fashion where an output of a first field combiner box is connected to an output of a second field combiner box and so on to any number of additional combiner box outputs and to a final field combiner box output where a connection is made from said final field combiner box output to a master combiner box input. 6. A power plant according to claim 2 where the series strings have overcurrent protection located outside of said field combiner boxes where field combiner boxes only serve to parallel or combine series strings. 7. A power plant according to claim 1 where said master combiner or combiners are integral to or part of the DC-to-AC converter. 8. A power plant according to claim 1 where the series strings collected and paralleled by a given field combiner box are configured from photovoltaic modules mounted to a single-axis motive tracker mechanism which has a rotating torque tube and where the conductors from a series string to a field combiner box input are run through said torque tube or where the torque tube is used as an electrical conduit for series string conductors or any other current carrying electrical conductors. 9. A photovoltaic power plant according to claim 8 where a field combiner box is physically attached to and rotates with said torque tube and where the output of the field combiner box is connected to a stationary junction box by a flexible electrical cable and where the junction box is used to facilitate the connection to a master combiner input or another field combiner box output. 10. A photovoltaic power plant according to claim 8 where a field combiner box is not physically attached to and does not rotate with said torque tube and where the series string conductors are twisted in torsion as the torque tube rotates. 11. A power plant according to claim 1 where series strings collected and paralleled within a given field combiner box are configured from photovoltaic modules physically secured to a mounting structure where the structure has a tubular or channel shaped structural element that is used as an electrical conduit for series string conductors or any other current carrying electrical conductors. 12. A method for converting DC energy from photovoltaic sources to AC energy where series strings are created from a number of series-connected PV modules and where the series strings are protected from excessive current by fuses or other means and then electrically connected in parallel to form a high current circuit which is the sum of the paralleled series string circuit currents and where a number of high current circuits are protected from excessive current by fuses or other means and then electrically connected in parallel to form a circuit which is the sum of the paralleled high current circuit currents which is in turn connected to a DC-to-AC power converter input and where a DC-to-AC power converter output is connected to a polyphase electrical utility grid, a polyphase electrical distribution system or a polyphase load. 13. A method according to claim 12 where the PV array field layout, arrangement or geometry is specifically designed to minimize the high current conductor lengths in lieu of or at the expensive of the series string conductor lengths. 14. A method according to claim 12 where a number of high current circuits are collected in daisy-chain fashion, output to output, before connecting to overcurrent protection and then to a DC-to-AC converter input. 15. A method according to claim 12 where photovoltaic modules are attached to a mounting structure and where a structural member of the mounting structure is used as electrical conduit or raceway for series string conductors or any other current carrying electrical conductors. 