Methods for treating malaria are provided, the treatment comprising the step of removing malaria-infected red blood cells from the patient s blood. Blood is drawn from the patient s circulatory system and circulated through a blood purification device that selectively eliminates the infected red blood cells from all other blood s components and replaces the cleansed blood back into the patient s circulatory system. A blood purification device, which is useful to perform the therapeutic methods of the invention, is also provided. The device leverages the magnetic properties of the hemozoin contained within the infected red blood cells and comprises one or more separation chambers (4) though which blood flows through a high-gradient magnetic field generated by an array of wires (5) separated from the chambers and not in contact with the patient blood. The magnetic field gradient acting on the cells magnetic properties displaces the infected and non-infected red blood cells on different layers of the blood flow across the chamber height. The blood flow is split into separated streams and blood streams containing infected cells are filtrated thereby trapping infected cells. Blood containing non-infected red blood cells is circulated back to the patient. The device application is not limited to the treatment of malaria and includes other blood related diseases that affect the magnetic properties of a patient's red blood cells.
Claims 1. A method of treating a patient having parasitized blood cells that are magnetically responsive, the method comprising the steps of: (a) drawing blood from the patient; and (b) applying a magnetic field with a gradient to the drawn blood; wherein magnetically responsive blood cells are separated from non-magnetically responsive blood cells. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein step (b) comprises the step of mechanically trapping said magnetically responsive blood cells thereby enriching the relative number of non-magnetically responsive blood cells in the drawn blood. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of returning to the patient non-magnetically responsive blood cells or blood enriched for said non-magnetically responsive blood cells. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the drawn blood flows at a rate between about 0.1 L/hr to about 10 L/hr. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the drawn blood flows at a rate greater than 2.times.10.sup.8 m.sup.3/sec. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein parasitized blood cells are infected with a parasitic species selected from the group consisting of Plasmodium falciparum, Plasmodium vivax, Plasmodium ovale, and Plasmodium malariae, Plasmodium knowlesi, Plasmodium berghei and other species of the genus plasmodium. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein hemozoin is magnetically separated from blood. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the process is performed in a continuous mode or in a cyclic mode. 9. (canceled) 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the blood is removed from the patient's vein or artery and is returned to the patient by way of a vein or artery. 11. (canceled) 12. The method of claim 1, wherein the process further comprises treatment with an anti-malarial drug therapy or a blood-thinning compound. 13. The method of claim 1, wherein the process further comprises adding donor's blood to the treatment. 14. A method of removing a magnetically responsive agent from the blood of a patient, the method comprising the steps of: (a) drawing blood from the patient; and (b) applying a magnetic field with a gradient to the drawn blood; wherein the magnetically responsive agent is separated from non-magnetically responsive blood components. 15. A device to enrich non-magnetically responsive blood components, said device comprising: (a) one or more separation chambers, each one or more separation chambers having one or more entrance ports and one or more exit ports for directional movement of blood; (b) one or more ferromagnetic wires, or wires made of other materials with ferromagnetic or high paramagnetic properties, positioned relative to each of the one or more separation chambers such that a magnetic field is generated across each of the one or more separation chambers by magnetizing the wires; and (c) one or more outlets in communication with each of the one or more separation chambers and through which non-magnetically responsive blood components flow more readily than magnetically responsive blood components when blood is moved from the one or more entrance ports through each of the one or more separation chambers before reaching the one or more exit ports while subjected to a magnetic field, wherein said one or more separation chambers are removable from the device. 16. The device of claim 15, further comprising a catheter and tubing to remove blood from the patient and propel the blood into the one or more separation chambers by way of the one or more entrance ports. 17. The device of claim 16, wherein the one or more outlets in (c) lead to at least one filter which is capable of trapping said magnetically responsive blood components, thereby enriching non-magnetically responsive blood components that flow through the one or more exit ports, wherein the enriched blood components optionally returned to the patient by means of a second catheter and tubing. 18. The device of claim 17, wherein said at least one filter is non-magnetic. 19. The device of claim 15, further comprising a power source for maintaining directional flow of blood from the patient into and out of the one or more separation chambers, wherein the power source is selected from the group consisting of a battery, solar power, geothermal and compressed gas. 20. (canceled) 21. The device of claim 19, wherein the power source is supplemented by a second power source. 22. The device of claim 15, further comprising a magnet to generate the magnetic field in said wires, wherein the magnet is selected from the group consisting of a permanent magnet, a SmCo magnet, a NeFeB magnet and electromagnetic. 23. (canceled) 24. The device of claim 22, wherein the magnetic field generated by said magnet ranges from about 0.1 to about 1.0 Tesla. 25. The device of claim 15, wherein a single magnet or a magnet array is used to generate the magnetic field. 26. The device of claim 15, wherein said magnetized wires are made of a magnetic material selected from the group consisting of iron, steel, nickel, cobalt, gadolinium and various magnetic composites. 27. The device of claim 15, wherein one wire array is employed for every two chambers. 28. The device of claim 15, wherein said magnetized wires are arranged parallel or perpendicular to the one or more separation chambers. 29. The device of claim 15, wherein the ratio between the one or more separation chambers' volume and the wire's volume is 1/5. 30. (canceled) 31. The device of claim 22, wherein each of the one or more separation chambers and the magnetic field generator are a single unit that can be removed from the device. 32. The device of claim 15, further comprising one or more pumps, wherein the one or more pumps are removable from the device. 33. (canceled) 34. The device of claim 32, wherein one or more gauges are incorporated in the device in order to monitor the pressures generated by the one or more of the pumps. 35. The device of claim 15, wherein cross-section of the outlet is uniform or graded and is between 1/10 and 4 times the magnetized wire's radius. 36. (canceled) 37. The device of claim 15, wherein the one or more outlets are removable and replaceable. 38. The device of claim 15, further comprising a membrane filter having a pore size smaller than about 8 .mu.m, said membrane filter being removable and replaceable. 39. (canceled) 40. A kit comprising a one or more separation chambers which is adapted for use with the device according to claim 15. 41. A kit comprising a one or more separation chambers having at least one entrance port and at least one exit port for directional movement of blood; and one or more outlets which may be placed in communication with the one or more separation chambers through which non-magnetically responsive blood components flow more readily than magnetically responsive blood components when blood is moved from the at least one entrance port through the one or more separation chambers before reaching the at least one exit port while subjected to a magnetic field, wherein said one or more separation chambers are removable. 42. The kit of claim 41, further comprising one or more ferromagnetic wires, or wires made of other materials with ferromagnetic or high paramagnetic properties, to be positioned relative to the one or more separation chamber chambers such that a magnetic field is generated across the one or more separation chambers by magnetizing the wires. 43. The kit of claim 42, further comprising a catheter and tubing to be used to remove blood from a patient and propel the blood into the one or more separation chambers by way of the at least one entrance port. 44. The kit of claim 43, further comprising a filter capable of trapping said magnetically responsive blood components, wherein the filter is non-electromagnetic. 45. (canceled) 