A DC power system is provided to generate the power from renewable energy and directly supplies the DC power to DC household appliances, thus saving energy that would be wasted during the conversion of DC to AC and back to DC and saving the cost of a rectifier or power factor corrector. The DC power system includes a generator, a DC/DC converter, a battery bank, a bi-directional inverter, a DC load and a controller.
Claims 1. A DC power system for household appliances comprising: a generator for generating the DC power from renewable energy; a DC/DC converter for converting the DC voltage from the generator and then providing the power to a DC bus; a 360 VDC battery bank for storing the energy and buffering the DC bus voltage, wherein the DC power is charged to the battery bank if the DC bus voltage is higher than the battery bank voltage, wherein the battery bank discharges to supply the DC power if the battery bank voltage is higher than the DC bus voltage; a bi-directional inverter being a bi-directional interface between the DC bus and an AC grid and switchable between an inverter mode for converting DC to AC and a power factor corrector mode for converting AC to DC; a DC load energized by the DC bus; and a controller for monitoring the voltage on the DC bus and tripping the battery bank when the voltage exceeds trip setpoints; wherein the bi-directional inverter is switched to the inverter mode if the photovoltaic unit provides abundant power causing the DC bus voltage rises above the inverter mode setpoint; and wherein the bi-directional inverter is switched to the power factor corrector mode if the load is heavy causing the DC bus voltage drops below the power factor corrector mode setpoint. 2. The DC power system according to claim 1, wherein the generator is selected from a group consisting of a photovoltaic unit, a fuel cell and a DC rectified wind turbine. 3. The DC power system according to claim 1, wherein the DC/DC converter converts to about 360-volt DC. 4. The DC power system according to claim 1, wherein the single battery bank could be replaced by any number of parallel battery banks connecting to the DC bus with the volatage of 360 VDC. 5. The DC power system according to claim 1, wherein the DC load is selected from a group consisting of an air conditioner, a refrigerator and a washing machine equipped with a DC brushless motor, an electronic ballast lamp equipped with a ballast element. 6. The DC power system according to claim 1, wherein the controller trips the battery bank and shuts down the DC power system when the DC bus voltage continues to drop below over-discharge trip setpoint caused by providing inadequate power from the photovoltaic unit 11 and failure of purchasing electricity from the grid. 7. The DC power system according to claim 1, wherein the controller trips the battery bank and shuts down the DC power system when the DC bus voltage continues to rise above over-charge trip setpoint caused by providing too much power from the photovoltaic unit 11 and failure of saling electricity to the grid. 