Methods, systems, and computer readable media for wireless crack detection and monitoring are disclosed. According to one system, a crack detector is affixed to a surface of a material for detecting a crack in the material. In response to detecting a crack, a crack indicator is generated, indicating the existence of the crack. A mote wirelessly communicates the crack indicator to an external device. The mote may also store multiple crack indicators in local memory before being downloaded to the external device. In other embodiments, the mote may time-stamp the crack indicator for indicating a time when the crack was detected. Additionally, the mote may associate other information with the crack indicator such as temperature and acceleration information.
Claims 1. A system for wireless crack detection and monitoring, the system comprising: a crack detector affixed to a surface of a material for detecting a crack in the material and for generating a crack indicator, indicating the existence of the crack; and a mote for receiving the crack indicator from the crack detector and wirelessly communicating the crack indicator to a remote device. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the mote is configured to associate a time-stamp with the crack indicator. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the crack detector includes a single-filament detector for detecting initiation of the crack. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the crack detector includes a multi-filament detector for detecting propagation of the crack. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein the mote is configured to store the information locally. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein the mote is configured to communicate the information to one of a laptop computer, a desktop computer, a personal digital assistant (PDA), and an application specific handheld device. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the mote includes a transceiver. 8. The system of claim 6 wherein the transceiver operates using radio frequency (RF). 9. The system of claim 1 wherein the mote includes a microcontroller. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein the mote includes a memory. 11. The system of claim 1 wherein the mote polls the crack detector periodically or aperiodically. 12. The system of claim 1 wherein the mote polls the crack detector, stores a history of signals generated by the crack indicator, and presents the history to a user. 13. The system of claim 10 wherein the memory includes one of random access memory (RAM) and flash memory. 14. The system of claim 1 wherein the mote includes a power source. 15. The system of claim 1 wherein the power source includes one of a battery, a solar cell, and an energy harvester. 16. The system of claim 1 wherein the mote includes an analog-to-digital converter (ADC). 17. A method for wireless crack detection and monitoring, the method comprising: detecting a crack in a material; generating a crack indicator, indicating the existence of the crack; and wirelessly communicating the crack indicator to a remote device. 18. The method of claim 17 comprising associating a time-stamp with the crack indicator. 19. The method of claim 17 comprising storing the information locally. 20. The method of claim 17 comprising polling a crack detector, generating a history of time-stamped crack indicators, and presenting a history to a user. 21. A method for adhering a crack detector and mote to the surface of a material, the method comprising: cleaning a surface of a material to be monitored for cracks; bonding a crack detector to the surface; bonding a mote associated with the crack detector to the surface; and applying a protective coating over the crack detector and the mote. 22. A computer readable medium comprising computer executable instructions embodied in a tangible computer readable medium and when executed by a processor of a computer performs steps comprising: detecting a crack in a material; generating a crack indicator, indicating the existence of the crack; and wirelessly communicating the crack indicator to a remote device. 