A power generating turbine includes a rotary shaft having an axis of rotation, a magnet supported by and spaced outwardly from the rotary shaft and a conductive coil. The coil is located outwardly from the magnet and surrounds the magnet and the shaft, but is sufficiently close to the magnet such that rotary movement of said magnet induces current flow in the coil.
Claims 1. A power generating turbine system comprising: a turbine, said turbine having a rotational joint having an axis of rotation and a plurality of radially extending arms supported at and extending outwardly from the rotational joint and rotatable about the axis of rotation, wherein at least two of said arms form turbine blades; and at least one of said arms including a photovoltaic element, said photovoltaic element being in electrical communication through said rotational joint with a circuit for coupling the photovoltaic element with an energy conversion, storage, or transmitting device. 2. The power generating turbine system according to claim 1, further comprising one or more magnets and at least one coil, the magnets moving with the arms when the arms are rotated about the rotational joint inducing electrical current flow in the coil when the magnets are moved with the arms. 3. The power generating turbine system according to claim 2, wherein said magnet or magnets are mounted to the arms and further radially outward of the rotational joint, and the coil being spaced radially outward from the rotational joint. 4. The power generating turbine system according to claim 3, wherein the magnets are mounted at the ends of the arms, and the coil is located around the ends of the arms. 5. The power generating turbine system according to claim 4, wherein the coil straddles the magnets. 6. The power generating turbine system according to claim 1, wherein said photovoltaic element comprises at least one chosen from a single crystalline silicon cell, a flexible amorphous silicon cell, and a thin film application cell. 7. The power generating turbine system according to claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic element is printed on the at least one arm. 8. The power generating turbine system according to claim 1, wherein each arm includes one or more photovoltaic element or elements. 9. The power generating turbine system according to claim 1, wherein the rotational joint includes an electrical connection slip ring, the photovoltaic element electrically coupled to the slip ring wherein the slip ring transfers current across the rotational joint. 10. The power generating turbine system according to claim 1, wherein the turbine blades are tapered so that their greatest width is at their ends distal from the rotational joint. 11. A power generating turbine system comprising: a turbine with a rotational joint having an axis of rotation and a plurality of radially extending arms supported at and extending outwardly from the rotational joint and rotatable about the axis of rotation, with at least some of the arms forming turbine blades; and one or more magnets mounted to move with the arms when the arms are rotated about the rotational joint and spaced radially outward from the rotation joint; a coil positioned radially outward of said arms and in sufficient proximity to said magnets wherein the magnets induce electrical current to flow in the coil when the magnets are moved with the arms; and one or more the arms includes a photovoltaic element, which is in electrical communication through the rotational joint with a circuit for coupling the photovoltaic element with an energy conversion, storage, or transmitting device. 12. The power generating turbine system according to claim 11, wherein the magnets are mounted to at least two of the arms. 13. The power generating turbine system according to claim 12, wherein the magnets are mounted at the ends of the arms. 14. A method of generating electricity, said method comprising: mounting a photovoltaic element to a rotary portion of a wind turbine about a rotational joint; coupling the photovoltaic element with an energy conversion, storage, or transmitting device through the rotational joint wherein electricity can be generated by the wind turbine even when the wind speed is too low to turn the wind turbine blades. 15. The method according to claim 14, wherein said mounting includes printing the photovoltaic element on the rotary portion of the wind turbine. 16. The method according to claim 14, wherein the rotary portion extends radially outward from a rotational joint of the wind turbine, further comprising mounting at least one magnet to another rotary potion of the wind turbine, the other rotary portion extending radially outward from the rotational joint of the wind turbine, and said mounting including spacing the magnet radially outward of the rotation joint wherein the angular velocity of the magnet is greater than the angular velocity at the rotational joint. 