A self-propelled water craft launch and retrieve vehicle which comprises a central chassis which includes a cradle for carrying a boat and from which the boat may be launched and retrieved, forward wheels or rear wheels steerable under remote control, hydraulic motors for driving the wheels, elevated above the chassis a prime mover or electric motor and hydraulic pump(s) for powering the wheel hydraulic motors, and a hand held remote control unit operable by an operator standing beside or near the vehicle to cause the vehicle to move forward or to reverse and to steer the launch vehicle.
Claims 1. A self-propelled water craft launch and retrieve vehicle which comprises: a central chassis which includes a cradle for carrying a boat and from and onto which the boat may be launched from and retrieved onto the vehicle, at least one pair of forward wheels at or towards a forward end of the chassis and at least one pair of rear wheels at or towards a rear end of the chassis, at least one of said wheel pairs being steerable under remote control, hydraulic motors associated one with each of at least one pair of forward wheels and at least one pair of rear wheels for driving said wheels, mounted at or towards the forward end of the chassis and elevated above the chassis a prime mover or electric motor, and hydraulic pumps driven by the prime mover or electric motor for powering the wheel hydraulic motors, at least one hydraulic pump arranged to drive a said pair of forward wheels and at least one other hydraulic pump arranged to drive a said pair of rear wheels, and a hand held remote control unit operable by an operator standing beside or near the vehicle to cause the vehicle to move forward or to reverse and to steer the launch vehicle to the left or right. 2. A self-propelled water craft launch and retrieve vehicle according to claim 1 comprising an individual hydraulic pump driven by the prime mover or electric motor to drive each driven wheel of the vehicle. 3. A self-propelled water craft launch and retrieve vehicle according to claim 1 wherein the hand held remote control command unit is arranged to communicate with a control system of the vehicle wirelessly. 4. A self-propelled water craft launch and retrieve vehicle according to claim 3 comprising a second backup hand held remote control command unit connected to the vehicle via a cable. 5. A self-propelled water craft launch and retrieve vehicle according to claim 1 capable of operating in a slow speed-high torque mode and a higher speed mode. 6. A self-propelled water craft launch and retrieve vehicle according to claim 1 including a backup hydraulic pump, associated electric motor for driving the backup hydraulic pump, and a battery to provide power to the electric motor. 7. A self-propelled water craft launch and retrieve vehicle according to claim 1 including a solar panel for charging a battery of the vehicle. 8. A self-propelled water craft launch and retrieve vehicle according to claim 1 including a winch operable to haul a boat onto the vehicle and/or haul the vehicle. 9. A self-propelled water craft launch and retrieve vehicle according to claim 1 including a water sensitive switch on the vehicle arranged to cut drive to the vehicle should the vehicle be reversed into water to the depth of the water sensitive switch. 10. A self-propelled water craft launch and retrieve vehicle according to claim 1 wherein the chassis of the vehicle comprises a central sub-frame at the rear of the vehicle carrying one or more rollers or skids and tiltable about a transverse axis at or near the rear of the chassis to assist during launch and retrieve of a boat, and which is lockable in a non-tilted position relative to the main chassis. 11. A self-propelled water craft launch and retrieve vehicle which comprises: a central chassis which includes a cradle for carrying a boat and from and onto which the boat may be launched from and retrieved onto the vehicle from a rear end of the chassis, the chassis also comprising a forward part mounting at least one pair of forward wheels and a rear part mounting at least one pair of rear wheels, which forward and rear chassis parts are coupled for limited movement relative to one another about an axis extending longitudinally of the vehicle, said cradle for carrying a boat being provided on said rear part of the chassis, and at least one of said wheel pairs being steerable under remote control, hydraulic motors associated one with each of at least one pair of forward wheels and at least one pair of rear wheels for driving said wheels, and mounted at or towards the forward end of the chassis and elevated above the chassis a prime mover or electric motor and a hydraulic pump or pumps driven by the prime mover or electric motor for powering the wheel hydraulic motors, and a hand held remote control unit operable by an operator standing beside or near the vehicle to cause the vehicle to move forward or to reverse and to steer the launch vehicle to the left or right. 12. A self-propelled water craft launch and retrieve vehicle according to claim 11 wherein the hand held remote control command unit is arranged to communicate with a control system of the vehicle wirelessly. 13. A self-propelled water craft launch and retrieve vehicle according to claim 12 comprising a second backup hand held remote control command unit connected to the vehicle via a cable. 14. A self-propelled water craft launch and retrieve vehicle according to claim 11 capable of operating in a slow speed-high torque mode and a higher speed mode. 15. A self-propelled water craft launch and retrieve vehicle according to claim 11 including a backup hydraulic pump, associated electric motor for driving the backup hydraulic pump, and a battery to provide power to the electric motor. 16. A self-propelled water craft launch and retrieve vehicle according to claim 11 including a solar panel for charging a battery of the vehicle. 17. A self-propelled water craft launch and retrieve vehicle according to claim 11 including a winch operable to haul a boat onto the vehicle and/or haul the vehicle. 18. A self-propelled water craft launch and retrieve vehicle according to claim 11 including a water sensitive switch on the vehicle arranged to cut drive to the vehicle should the vehicle be reversed into water to the depth of the water sensitive switch. 19. A self-propelled water craft launch and retrieve vehicle according to claim 11 wherein the chassis of the vehicle comprises a central sub-frame at the rear of the vehicle carrying one or more rollers or skids and tiltable about a transverse axis at or near the rear of the chassis to assist during launch and retrieve of a boat, and which is lockable in a non-tilted position relative to the main chassis. 