A small antenna system for communications on-the-move ("COTM") with a geostationary or geosynchronous satellite to and from a land mobile, maritime or airborne vehicle is disclosed. The antenna system provides a robust and simple means of establishing communications with a satellite or remote computer device. Further embodiments of systems and methods of the various aspects of the present invention mitigate RF losses customary in existing horn antennas. Embodiments also facilitate COTM by utilizing novel antenna configurations that tightly integrate RF electronics while dissipating generated heat via an antenna compartment that may be designed to function as or be used in conjunction with a heat sink.
Claims 1. An antenna system for on-the-move communications, the antenna system comprising: an antenna which receives signals from and transmits signals to a satellite; a power source; electronic circuitry, the electronic circuitry comprising: radio frequency (RF) circuitry in communication with the antenna, the RF circuitry comprising: (a) a low-noise block (LNB) for receiving satellite signals; (b) a block up-converter (BUC) for transmission of satellite signals; and (c) a solid state power amplifier (SSPA) for amplifying received and transmitted signals; a global positioning unit for determining the location of the antenna system; a robotic steering unit for adjusting the position of the antenna in relation to the satellite; a waveguide complex connected to the RF circuitry and comprising a filter and an orthomode transducer; and an interface panel comprising one or more sockets for connection to an external device. 2. The antenna system according to claim 1, wherein the antenna is a horn antenna. 3. The antenna system according to claim 1, wherein the external device is a modem, computer, or computer network interface device. 4. The antenna system according to claim 1, wherein the antenna is separately movable with respect to the antenna system. 5. The antenna system according to claim 1, further comprising a base which structurally supports the antenna, wherein some or all of the associated circuitry is located within a compartment in the base. 6. The antenna system according to claim 1, wherein the base is adjustable or rotatable. 7. The antenna system according to claim 1, wherein the base is a turntable. 8. The antenna system according to claim 1, wherein the antenna is manufactured from a thermally conductive material. 9. The antenna system according to claim 5, further comprising means for mounting the antenna to the base. 10. The antenna system according to claim 1, further comprising a cooling fin assembly for removing heat from the antenna system. 11. The antenna system according to claim 10, wherein the cooling fin assembly is affixed to an outer surface of the antenna. 12. The antenna system according to claim 10, further comprising means for transferring heat from one or more components of the antenna system to the cooling fin assembly. 13. The antenna system according to claim 1, further comprising a fan for cooling electrical components of the antenna system. 14. The antenna system according to claim 1, wherein the power source comprises a solar cell for providing power to the antenna system. 15. The antenna system according to claim 14, wherein the solar cells are mounted on the antenna. 16. The antenna system according to claim 14, further comprising a battery for storing power generated by the solar cell. 17. The antenna system according to claim 1, wherein the front of the antenna is sealed by a cover which is transparent to RF signals. 18. The antenna system according to claim 1, wherein the robotic steering unit is configured to optimize the position of the antenna system in relation to the satellite. 19. The antenna system according to claim 1, wherein the robotic steering unit comprises an azimuth drive; an elevation motor drive; an inclinometer; and a bearing detector. 20. The antenna system according to claim 1, wherein the antenna system sends signals to and receives signals from a remote computer. 21. The antenna system according to claim 1, wherein the antenna system receives signals from the external device on the L-band and transmits signals towards the satellite on the Ku-band or on higher frequencies. 22. The antenna system according to claim 1, wherein the electronic circuitry is integrated into a single unit. 23. The antenna system according to claim 22, wherein the single unit is a single chipset or chip scale package. 24. The antenna system according to claim 1, wherein the one or more sockets provide a connection to a local computer, a remote computer, or a network. 25. The antenna system according to claim 24, wherein the one or more sockets are configured to communicate with the local computer, remote computer, or network via a fibre optic connection. 26. The antenna system according to claim 1, wherein signals received on the one or more sockets are bundled together and transmitted from the socket up towards the antenna via a fibre optic connection. 27. The antenna system according to claim 1, further comprising a modem configured to communicate with the interface panel. 28. The antenna system according to claim 27, wherein some or all of the electrical circuitry associated with the antenna system and the modem is located in a compartment adjacent to the antenna. 29. The antenna system according to claim 28, wherein the compartment is sheathed by a cooling fin assembly. 30. The antenna system according to claim 1, wherein the antenna system is in wireless communication with a computer. 31. The antenna system according to claim 1, wherein the antenna system comprises a plurality of antennas electrically connected to the electronic circuitry. 32. The antenna system according to claim 31, wherein the plurality of antennas is connected to the electronic circuitry via a back plane feed array. 33. The antenna system according to claim 32, wherein the back plane feed array comprises one or more RF phase combiners, one or more RF phase splitters, or combinations of both. 34. The antenna system according to claim 31, wherein the plurality of antennas are joined together via a mechanical strap on device. 35. The antenna system according to claim 1, wherein the electronic circuitry is in communication with the antenna via a fibre optic connection. 36. A method of providing on-the-move communications with a satellite, the method comprising: (a) providing the antenna system according to claim 1; (b) establishing the geographical location of the antenna system in relation to the satellite using the global positioning system; (c) optimizing the position of the antenna in relation to the satellite using the robotic steering unit; and (d) receiving signals from the satellite and transmitting signals to the satellite. 37. The method according to claim 36, further comprising the step of stabilizing the antenna system by configuring a gyroscope to detect mechanical movement. 38. The method according to claim 37, wherein the gyroscope is a fibre optic gyroscope. 