A rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system includes a footer and a photovoltaic module mounting framework.
Claims 1. A rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system comprising: a ballasted footer comprising a base having a first end and a second end, a first mounting post adjacent to the first end of the base, and a second mounting post adjacent to the second end of the base; a photovoltaic module mounting framework comprising two or more rails, wherein each rail is attached to the first or second mounting post of the ballasted footer and configured to attach a photovoltaic module. 2. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 1, wherein the system comprises a wind deflector adjacent to the ballasted footer. 3. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 2, wherein the wind deflector comprises a curved panel or an arc-shaped panel. 4. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 3, wherein the wind deflector has a radius of about 4 inches to about 10 inches. 5. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 2, wherein the wind deflector comprises aluminum, steel or galvanized steel. 6. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 1, wherein the ballasted footer comprises concrete. 7. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 1, wherein the ballasted footer comprises a ferrule loop insert. 8. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 7, wherein the ferrule loop insert is electrically wire bonded. 9. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 1, wherein the rail comprises: a rectangular top plate having a top surface, a bottom surface, a first end, a second end, a first side edge, and a second side edge; a first side wall extending from the first side edge of the top plate and perpendicular to the top plate, comprising a first terminal edge away from the bottom surface of the top plate; a second side wall extending from the second side edge of the top plate and perpendicular to the top plate, comprising a second terminal edge away from the bottom surface of the top plate; a first base plate extending from the first terminal edge of the first side wall and perpendicular to the first side wall; and a second base plate extending from the second terminal edge of the second side wall and perpendicular to the second side wall. 10. The rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system of claim 1, wherein the rail comprises galvanized steel. 11. A rooftop photovoltaic array comprising: a rooftop photovoltaic module mounting system comprising: a ballasted footer comprising a base having a first end and a second end, a first mounting post adjacent to the first end of the base, and a second mounting post adjacent to the second end of the base; a photovoltaic module mounting framework comprising two or more rails, wherein each rail is attached to the first or second mounting post of the ballasted footer and configured to attach a photovoltaic module; and a wind deflector adjacent to the ballasted footer; a photovoltaic module mounting bracket attached to each rail; and a photovoltaic module attached the photovoltaic module mounting framework by the photovoltaic module mounting bracket. 12. The rooftop photovoltaic array of claim 11, wherein the wind deflector comprises a curved panel or an arc-shaped panel. 13. The rooftop photovoltaic array of claim 11, wherein the wind deflector has a radius of about 4 inches to about 10 inches. 14. The rooftop photovoltaic array of claim 11, wherein the wind deflector comprises aluminum, steel or galvanized steel. 15. The rooftop photovoltaic array of claim 11, wherein the ballasted footer comprises concrete. 16. The rooftop photovoltaic array of claim 11, wherein the ballasted footer comprises a ferrule loop insert. 17. The rooftop photovoltaic array of claim 16, wherein the ferrule loop insert is electrically wire bonded. 18. The rooftop photovoltaic array of claim 11, wherein the array comprises conduits positioned between the module and the ballasted footer. 19. The rooftop photovoltaic array of claim 11, wherein the rail comprises galvanized steel. 20. The rooftop photovoltaic array of claim 11, wherein the rail comprises: a rectangular top plate having a top surface, a bottom surface, a first end, a second end, a first side edge, and a second side edge; a first side wall extending from the first side edge of the top plate and perpendicular to the top plate, comprising a first terminal edge away from the bottom surface of the top plate; a second side wall extending from the second side edge of the top plate and perpendicular to the top plate, comprising a second terminal edge away from the bottom surface of the top plate; a first base plate extending from the first terminal edge of the first side wall and perpendicular to the first side wall; and a second base plate extending from the second terminal edge of the second side wall and perpendicular to the second side wall. 21. A method of installing a photovoltaic array comprising the steps of: positioning a ballasted footer on the rooftop, wherein the ballasted footer comprises a base having a first end and a second end, a first mounting post adjacent to the first end of the base, and a second mounting post adjacent to the second end of the base; positioning two or more rails adjacent to the ballasted footer, wherein each rail is attached to the first or second mounting post of the ballasted footer and configured to attach a photovoltaic module; positioning a wind deflector adjacent to the ballasted footer; attaching two or more photovoltaic modules together with two or more photovoltaic module clips; mounting the photovoltaic modules to the rails using one or more photovoltaic module mounting brackets; and positioning a conduit between the modules and the ballasted footer. 22. A method of installing a photovoltaic array comprising the steps of: positioning plurality of ballasted footers in a staggered manner on the rooftop, wherein the ballasted footer comprises a base having a first end and a second end, a first mounting post adjacent to the first end of the base, and a second mounting post adjacent to the second end of the base; positioning plurality of rails adjacent to the ballasted footers, wherein each rail is attached to the first or second mounting post of a ballasted footer and configured to attach a photovoltaic module; positioning plurality of wind deflectors adjacent to the ballasted footers, wherein each wind deflector is attached two non-adjacent ballasted footers; attaching two or more photovoltaic modules together with two or more photovoltaic module clips; mounting the photovoltaic modules to the rails using one or more photovoltaic module mounting brackets; and positioning plurality of conduits between the modules and the ballasted footers. 