A solar array mounting system having unique installation, load distribution, and grounding features, and which is adaptable for mounting solar panels having no external frame. The solar array mounting system includes flexible, pedestal-style feet and structural links connected in a grid formation on the mounting surface. The photovoltaic modules are secured in place via the use of attachment clamps that grip the edge of the typically glass substrate. The panel mounting clamps are then held in place by tilt brackets and/or mid-link brackets that provide fixation for the clamps and align the solar panels at a tilt to the horizontal mounting surface. The tilt brackets are held in place atop the flexible feet and connected link members thus creating a complete mounting structure.
Claims 1-37. (canceled) 38. A photovoltaic module mounting system comprising: a plurality of feet, each foot formed at least partially from a flexible material; a tilt bracket attached to each foot; a plurality of metal first links connecting the feet together in an axis of a first direction; a plurality of metal second links connecting the feet together in an axis of a second direction; wherein the feet, first links and second links form an integrated grid for mounting photovoltaic modules. 39. The mounting system of claim 38, further comprising at least one mid-link bracket connected on a first link between the feet. 40. The mounting system of claim 38, further comprising at least one center panel support connected to each first link between feet. 41. The mounting system of claim 39, further comprising a locking cap attached to a top portion of each tilt bracket and mid-link bracket. 42. The mounting system of claim 39, further comprising a foot arranged under each mid-link bracket. 43. The mounting system of claim 38, wherein a foot comprises: a rubber body having two perpendicular slots on a top surface to support the first and second links; and at least one metal cruciform attached to the rubber body. 44. The mounting system of claim 43, wherein the foot comprises two metal cruciforms, wherein one cruciform is attached to a bottom surface of the rubber body, and a second cruciform is attached on the a top of the body in the two perpendicular slots. 45. The mounting system of claim 44, wherein each foot further comprises a plurality of threaded rods to connect the first and second links to the foot. 46. The mounting system of claim 45, wherein the tilt bracket is bolted to the foot on top of the second cruciform. 47. The mounting system of claim 38, wherein each foot comprises a first rubber section and a second section formed of a rigid material. 48. The mounting system of claim 39, wherein each mid-link bracket comprises two mounting openings. 49. The mounting system of claim 48, wherein each mid-link bracket further comprises an angled front edge, located between the two mounting openings, and each mounting opening comprises alignment and grounding tabs located on each side of the opening. 50. The mounting system of claim 38, wherein the first and second links located on a perimeter edge comprise a heavier gauge steel than the links located at an interior position in the grid. 51. The mounting system of claim 38, wherein the first links are of uniform external profile but varied strength depending on a location within a panel array, and the second links are of uniform external profile but varied strength depending on a location within the panel array. 52. The mounting system of claim 38, wherein the first axis direction is a generally North-South direction, and the second axis direction is a generally East-West direction. 53. A photovoltaic mounting system comprising: a plurality of feet, each foot comprising: a rubber body having two perpendicular slots on a top surface; and two metal cruciforms, wherein one cruciform is attached to a bottom surface of the rubber body, and a second cruciform is attached on the a top of the rubber body in the two perpendicular slots; a tilt bracket attached to each foot, wherein the tilt bracket comprises: an upper mounting opening; a lower mounting opening; an angled front edge, located between the upper and lower mounting openings; and four extensions which align with grooves in a foot, each extension having a lip to engage a link; a plurality of metal first links connecting the feet together in a first direction; a plurality of metal second links connecting the feet together in a second direction; and wherein the feet, first links and second links form an integrated grid for mounting photovoltaic modules. 54. The mounting system of claim 53, further comprising: at least one mid-link bracket connected to a first link between the feet, the mid-link bracket comprising: an upper mounting opening; a lower mounting opening; an angled front edge, located between the upper and lower mounting openings; and a mounting channel having a lip on each end to engage a link. 55. The mounting system of claim 53, further comprising at least one center panel support connected to each first link between feet. 56. The mounting system of claim 53, further comprising a foot arranged under each mid-link bracket. 57. A photovoltaic system comprising: a photovoltaic mounting system comprising: a plurality of feet, each foot comprising: a rubber body having two perpendicular slots on a top surface; and two metal cruciforms, wherein one cruciform is attached to a bottom surface of the rubber body, and a second cruciform is attached on the a top of the rubber body in the two perpendicular slots; a tilt bracket attached to each foot, wherein the tilt bracket comprises: an upper mounting opening; a lower mounting opening; an angled front edge, located between the upper and lower mounting openings; and four extensions which align with grooves in a foot, each extension having a lip to engage a link; a plurality of metal first links connecting the feet together in a first axis direction; a plurality of metal second links connecting the feet together in a second axis direction; at least one mid-link bracket connected between the feet, the mid-link bracket comprising: an upper mounting opening; a lower mounting opening; an angled front edge, located between the upper and lower mounting openings; and a mounting channel having a lip on each end to engage a link; wherein the feet, first links and second links form an integrated grid for mounting photovoltaic modules; and a plurality of photovoltaic modules, each module having four mounting points, wherein the mounting points are attached to respective mounting openings in the tilt and mid-link brackets. 