A compact, portable microscope for use in the field is provided with: an optical path extending within the microscope casing between a viewing port and an eyepiece element, which path is folded by a plurality of reflectors; and a cam and follower microscope focusing mechanism. The cam and follower microscope focusing mechanism is configured such that an objective lens element is moveable relative to a substantially planar viewing stage comprising the viewing port. A first portion of the folded optical path between the viewing port and a first reflector extends in a first plane substantially perpendicularly to a second plane in which the remainder of the optical path extends.
Claims 1. A microscope comprising: a casing comprising a substantially planar viewing stage having a viewing port extending therethrough, an eyepiece element, an objective lens element, an optical path extending within said casing between said viewing port and said eyepiece element and folded by means of a plurality of reflectors, and a focussing mechanism comprising a cam and follower mechanism and configured such that said objective lens element and said substantially planar viewing stage are relatively moveable by operation of said cam and follower mechanism. 2. The microscope of claim 1, wherein a first portion of said optical path between said viewing port and a first reflector of said plurality of reflectors extends in a first plane substantially perpendicularly to a second plane in which the remainder of said optical path extends. 3. The microscope of claim 2, wherein said second plane extends substantially parallely to said substantially planar viewing stage. 4. The microscope of claim 1, wherein said cam and follower mechanism comprises a manually operable rotatable cam element and a mounting frame follower element upon which said rotatable cam element bears. 5. The microscope of claim 4, wherein said cam and follower mechanism is configured such that maximum travel of said mounting frame follower element is achieved within a half-revolution of said rotatable cam element. 6. The microscope of claim 4, wherein said focussing mechanism is configured such that said objective lens element is moveable relative to said substantially planar viewing stage by operation of said cam and follower mechanism. 7. The microscope of claim 4, comprising a biasing arrangement configured to maintain said mounting frame follower element in contact with said rotatable cam element. 8. The microscope of claim 4, wherein said biasing arrangement is configured to urge said mounting frame follower element in a substantially opposite direction to that in which said rotatable cam element urges said mounting frame follower element. 9. The microscope of claim 1, wherein said objective lens element comprises a plurality of objective lenses, each of a different magnification, and configured such that each of said plurality of objective lenses is selectably disposable within said optical path. 10. The microscope of claim 9, wherein said plurality of objective lenses are mounted relative to a rotatably indexable member. 11. The microscope of claim 1, wherein said objective lens element comprises at least one objective lens of: .times.5, .times.10, .times.40, .times.60, .times.80 and .times.100 magnification. 12. The microscope of claim 1, wherein said plurality of reflectors comprises a plurality of mirrors. 13. The microscope of claim 2, wherein said first reflector is manufactured to an accuracy that is higher than the accuracy of each remaining reflector of said plurality of reflectors. 14. The microscope of claim 1, wherein said eyepiece element comprises an eyepiece lens of: .times.10 magnification. 15. The microscope of claim 1, configured to allow exchange of a lens of at least one of said eyepiece element, said objective lens element. 16. The microscope of claim 1, further comprising an illumination arrangement comprising a light emitting diode lamp. 17. The microscope of claim 16, wherein said illumination arrangement comprises brightness adjusting means for adjusting the brightness of said light emitting diode lamp. 18. The microscope of claim 16, wherein said light emitting diode lamp is mounted to an adjustable illumination arm. 19. The microscope of claim 16, comprising a power circuit arrangement configured to receive power by means of at least one of: a conventional dry cell battery arrangement, a USB connection, a solar power charger unit. 20. The microscope of claim 1, wherein said casing defines at least one pocket for receiving a drying medium. 