A plurality of sensors are embedded in a form fitting garment similar to exercise togs such that the sensors are held in contact with or close proximity to the body. The sensors are connected via a plurality wires to an electronics module which is unintrusive being literally in its ultimate configuration the size of a credit card. A range of thickness, from 6 mm (6 credit cards) down to 1 mm or less, is possible for the module inclusive of a rechargeable lithium polymer battery. The electronics module can be easily removed for garment maintenance (laundering).
Claims 1. An electronics module connected to a plurality of sensors via a plurality of wires for use in a garment to monitor physiological functions, the electronics module comprising: a thin polymer battery; a first thin, multilayer substrate placed on and electrically connected to the battery; and a plurality of thinned integrated circuits placed on the first substrate. 2. The electronics module as recited in claim 1, wherein a portion of the first substrate is extended and wrapped around the battery to contact the battery terminals. 3. The electronics module as recited in claim 1, wherein leads on the battery are extended and wrapped around the first substrate to electrical contacts thereon. 4. The electronics module as recited in claim 1, the first substrate having a plurality of resistive and capacitive layers formed therein thereby providing more surface area for active devices contained in the plurality of thinned integrated circuits. 5. The electronics module as recited in claim 1, further comprising an antenna. 6. The electronics module as recited in claim 5, wherein the antenna is patterned on the bottom layer of the first substrate. 7. The electronics module as recited in claim 1, further comprising a second thin, multilayer substrate wherein the second substrate is placed on the opposite side of the battery from the first substrate, the second substrate having an antenna patterned thereon. 8. The electronics module as recited in claim 7, the second substrate further having a first inductive coil patterned thereon for inductively recharging the battery and reprogramming the electronics module. 9. The electronics module as recited in claim 1, further comprising means for selecting or deselecting ones of the plurality of sensors. 10. The electronics module as recited in claim 1, further comprising means for wirelessly transmitting physiological data received from the plurality of sensors. 11. The electronics module as recited in claim 1, further comprising a base station for receiving the electronics module after being detached from the plurality of wires and downloading the physiological data therefrom. 12. The electronics module as recited in claim 1, further comprising means for connecting the electronics module to the plurality of wires wherein the connecting means is keyed to ensure a proper connection. 13. The electronics module as recited in claim 12, wherein the connecting means is permanently installed in a pocket formed in the garment. 14. The electronics module as recited in claim 1, further comprising a solar cell, the solar cell being thinned and placed on the battery. 15. A garment for monitoring a plurality of physiological functions comprising: a plurality of sensors for measuring the plurality of physiological functions, the sensors being embedded in the garment; an electronics module, the electronics module being substantially the size of a credit card, held in a pocket formed in the garment, and detachably connected to the plurality of sensors by a plurality of wires, the plurality of wires being woven into the garment; wherein the garment is form fitting in order to hold the plurality of sensors in contact with or close proximity to the body of a person exercising; and wherein the garment is washable upon the electronics module being detached from the plurality of wires and removed from the garment. 16. The garment as recited in claim 15, the electronics module comprising means for selecting or deselecting ones of the plurality of sensors. 17. The garment as recited in claim 15, wherein ones of the plurality of sensors can be selected or deselected by programming the electronics module. 18. The garment as recited in claim 15, the electronics module comprising means for wirelessly transmitting physiological data received from the plurality of sensors. 19. The garment as recited in claim 15, further comprising a base station for receiving the electronics module after being detached from the plurality of wires and downloading the physiological data therefrom. 20. The garment as recited in claim 15, the electronics module comprising means for connecting the electronics module to the plurality of wires wherein the connecting means is keyed to ensure a proper connection. 21. The garment as recited in claim 20, wherein the connecting means is permanently installed in a pocket formed in the garment. 22. The garment as recited in claim 15, the electronics module comprising: a thin polymer battery; a first thin, multilayer substrate placed on and electrically connected to the battery; and a plurality of thinned integrated circuits placed on the first substrate. 23. The garment as recited in claim 22, wherein a portion of the first substrate is extended and wrapped around the battery to contact the battery terminals. 24. The garment as recited in claim 22, wherein leads on the battery are extended and wrapped around the first substrate to electrical contacts thereon. 25. The garment as recited in claim 22, the first substrate having a plurality of resistive and capacitive layers formed therein thereby providing more surface area for active devices contained in the plurality of thinned integrated circuits. 26. The garment as recited in claim 22, the electronics module further comprising an antenna. 27. The garment as recited in claim 27, wherein the antenna is patterned on the bottom layer of the first substrate. 28. The garment as recited in claim 22, the electronics module further comprising a second thin, multilayer substrate wherein the second substrate is placed on the opposite side of the battery from the first substrate, the second substrate having an antenna patterned thereon. 29. The garment as recited in claim 28, the second substrate further having a first inductive coil patterned thereon for inductively recharging the battery and reprogramming the electronics module. 30. The garment as recited in claim 29, the garment further comprising a third thin, multilayer substrate permanently connected to the plurality of wires and placed in the garment and having a second inductive coil patterned thereon, the second coil inductively receiving power from the first coil and transmitting the physiological data from the plurality of sensors to the first coil. 31. The garment as recited in claim 30, wherein the garment further comprises a protective layer placed on the first and second coils to protect against moisture. 32. The garment as recited in claim 31, wherein the protective layer comprises one of a thin organic or a silicon-based resin compound. 33. The garment as recited in claim 22, the electronics module further comprising a solar cell, the solar cell being thinned and placed on the battery. 34. The garment as recited in claim 15, wherein the plurality of wires comprise fiber optics and physiological data received from the plurality of sensors is transmitted optically to the electronics module. 35. A method for monitoring physiological functions comprising: embedding a plurality of sensors in a garment; connecting a plurality of wires to the plurality of sensors; and connecting an electronics module to the plurality of wires, the electronics module comprising: placing a first thin, multilayer substrate on and electrically connecting it to a thin polymer battery; and placing a plurality of thinned integrated circuits on the first substrate. 36. The method as recited in claim 35, further comprising patterning an antenna on the bottom layer of the first substrate. 37. The method as recited in claim 35, further comprising: placing a second thin, multilayer substrate on the opposite side of the battery from the first substrate; and patterning an antenna on the second substrate. 38. The method as recited in claim 37, further comprising patterning a first inductive coil on the second substrate for inductively recharging the battery and reprogramming the electronics module. 39. The method as recited in claim 35, wherein the electronics module further comprises means for selecting or deselecting ones of the plurality of sensors. 40. The method as recited in claim 35, wherein the electronics module further comprises means for wirelessly transmitting physiological data received from the plurality of sensors. 41. The method as recited in claim 35, wherein the electronics module further comprises a solar cell, the solar cell being thinned and placed on the battery. 42. A method for monitoring a plurality of physiological functions comprising: embedding a plurality of sensors for measuring the plurality of physiological functions in a garment, the garment being form fitting in order to hold the plurality of sensors in contact with or in close proximity to the body of the person exercising; connecting a plurality of wires to the plurality of sensors, the plurality of wires being woven into the garment; detachably connecting an electronics module to the plurality of wires, the electronics module being substantially the size of a credit card and held in a pocket formed in the garment; wherein the garment is washable upon the electronics module being detached from the plurality of wires and removed from the garment. 43. The method as recited in claim 42, further comprising programming the electronics module to select or deselect ones of the plurality of sensors. 44. The method as recited in claim 42, wherein the electronics module comprises means for wirelessly transmitting physiological data received from the plurality of sensors. 