In one aspect of the present invention, a building has a laminated energy storage device incorporated into the building. A source of electrical power may be in communication with the laminated energy storage device and the laminated energy storage device may be in electrical communication with a power consuming electrical circuit of the building. The laminated energy storage device comprises an area of at least ten square feet.
Claims 1. A building comprising: a laminated energy storage device incorporated into the building; a source of electrical power in communication with the laminated energy storage device; the laminated energy storage device in electrical communication with a power consuming electrical circuit of the building; wherein the laminated energy storage device comprises an area of at least 10 square feet. 2. The building of claim 1, wherein a voltage regulator is disposed electrically intermediate the laminated energy storage device and the power consuming electrical circuit. 3. The building of claim 1, wherein an area covered by the laminated energy storage device comprises an area substantially equal to an area covered by the building. 4. The building of claim 1, wherein the area covered by the laminated energy storage device is greater than 100 square feet. 5. The building of claim 1, wherein the laminated energy storage device provides structural rigidity to the building. 6. The building of claim 1, wherein the source of electricity comprises one or more wind powered turbines. 7. The building of claim 1, wherein the source of electricity is a power plant. 8. The building of claim 1, wherein the source of electricity is a geothermal power plant. 9. The building of claim 1, wherein the source of electricity comprises one or more photovoltaic solar energy collectors. 10. The building of claim 9, wherein the one or more photovoltaic solar energy collectors comprise organic dye. 11. The building of claim 9, wherein the one or more photovoltaic solar energy collectors comprise a solar radiation tracking mechanism. 12. The building of claim 9, wherein the one or more photovoltaic solar energy collectors comprise substantially transparent windows disposed in the building comprising a photovoltaic material coating. 13. The building of claim 1, wherein the laminated electrical storage device is in electrical communication with a voltage regulator. 14. The building of claim 13, wherein the voltage regulator is in electrical communication with an inverter. 15. The building of claim 1, wherein a plurality of storage devices are electrically connected in parallel. 16. The building of claim 1, wherein the laminated energy storage device is disposed beneath a surface of the earth that is consistently between 40 to 50 degrees Fahrenheit. 17. The building of claim 1, wherein the laminated energy storage device is convection cooled. 18. The building of claim 1, wherein at least one element of the laminated energy storage device is also a structural element of the building. 19. The building of claim 1, wherein the laminated energy storage device is large enough to power at least five percent of the building electrical needs. 20. A building comprising: a laminated energy storage device incorporated into the building; a source of electrical power in communication with the laminated energy storage device; the laminated energy storage device in electrical communication with a power consuming electrical circuit of the building; wherein the laminated energy storage device is large enough to power at least five percent of the building electrical needs. 