An adjustable hanger has a receiver having a hole arranged to allow mounting of the receiver on a fixed element, and a body opening in the receiver arranged to accept a connector. An adjustable hanger has a mounting having a hole arranged to allow the mounting to be mounted to a fixed element, and a shaft opening, a receiver having a shaft opening, a shaft having a portion insertable into the shaft opening on the mounting such that shaft can move relative to the mounting, and a portion insertable into the shaft opening on the receiver, and a connector arranged to be insertable into a connector opening on the receiver.
Claims 1. An adjustable hanger, comprising: a receiver having a hole arranged to allow mounting of the receiver on a fixed element; and a body opening in the receiver arranged to accept a connector. 2. The adjustable hanger of claim 1, further comprising a shaft and a mount, wherein the receiver has a shaft opening arranged to accept the shaft and connect the shaft to the receiver, and the mount has an opening to accept the shaft at an end of the shaft opposite an end connected to the receiver, the mount having at least one hole to allow the mount to be mounted to a fixed element. 3. The adjustable hanger of claim 1, further comprising a connector having an adjustment component and a body. 4. The adjustable hanger of claim 3, the connector further comprising one of a plastic zip tie, a hook and loop closure strap, strapping, metal zip ties, plastic permanent tie, releasable zip tie, non-releasable zip tie, string, rope, wire, flat strap metal, and flat strap plastic. 5. The adjustable hanger of claim 1, wherein the hole in the receiver arranged to attach the receiver to one of a floor joist, wall framing, a girt, a steel stud, a rafter, a purlin, BCI, and a ceiling joist. 6. The adjustable hanger of claim 3, wherein the connector has a body portion of a length sufficient to encircle a conduit. 7. The adjustable hanger of claim 6, wherein the conduit comprises one of water lines; recirculation lines; HVAC (heating ventilation and air conditioning) conduit, cooling lines, flexible air lines, rigid air lines, electrical conduit, electronics cables, fountain lines, vent lines on plumbing, storm drains, waste lines, fire suppression lines, air ducting, gas lines, fiber optic lines, solar pipe and tubing, CO.sub.2 lines, hot and cold water lines, and mechanical drain lines. 8. The adjustable hanger of claim 2, wherein the shaft opening traverses the width of the receiver. 9. The adjustable hanger of claim 2, wherein the shaft opening traverses the length of the receiver. 10. The adjustable hanger of claim 2, wherein the shaft comprises one of a shaft having a flat side and toothed side, a round shaft with teeth, a round shaft with threads, pin holes and a J-type connector, angled wedge pin holes, and a u-shaped shaft with tapered notches. 11. The shaft of claim 2, the shaft having a knob and neck on one end of the shaft. 12. The adjustable hanger of claim 2, wherein the mounting comprises one of a mounting having a toothed portion and a smooth portion, an openable jaw, a pull-out tab, a threaded hole, a mount with movable levers, a mount having a ratchet locking adjustment and teeth. 13. The adjustable hanger of claim 1, further comprising a button, the button having a hole to allow the button to attach to the fixed element, the button having a portion arranged to connect to the receiver. 14. An adjustable hanger, comprising: a mounting having a hole arranged to allow the mounting to be mounted to a fixed element, and a shaft opening; a receiver having a shaft opening; a shaft having a portion insertable into the shaft opening on the mounting such that shaft can move relative to the mounting, and a portion insertable into the shaft opening on the receiver; and a connector arranged to be insertable into a connector opening on the receiver. 15. The hanger of claim 14, wherein the portion insertable into the shaft opening on the receiver arranged to allow the receiver to rotate three hundred and sixty degrees. 16. The hanger of claim 14, wherein the portion insertable into the shaft opening on the receiver comprises a knob and a neck, wherein the neck is narrower than a body of the shaft and the knob is wider than the neck. 17. The hanger of claim 14, wherein the mounting comprises a face having a toothed portion arranged to mate with teeth on the shaft and lock the shaft into place and having a smooth portion arranged to allow the shaft to slide. 