The chip card (11) includes at least one integrated circuit (11) fitted with a memory unit, in which personal data and/or at least one chip card identification code and/or configuration parameters can be stored. The integrated circuit is enclosed in an insulating material (3) that forms said card. The chip card (1) also includes connecting means (2) for communicating with an electronic instrument. These connecting means are electrically connected to corresponding contact pads of the integrated circuit. The chip card further includes a measuring circuit with a sensor for measuring a physical parameter so as to provide at least one output signal relating to the measurement (S.sub.D) of the physical parameter. The measuring circuit containing a sensor is arranged in a rigid case to define an electronic module (10), which is enclosed in the insulating material (3) that forms said chip card. The measuring circuit includes a movement sensor (C) for detecting a shock or for measuring an acceleration, and a sensor interface connected to the sensor for supplying a physical parameter measurement signal. The measuring circuit is electrically connected through the module case to external connection terminals on the case.
Claims 1. A SIM type chip card, which includes at least one integrated circuit fitted with a memory unit, in which personal data and/or at least one chip card identification code and/or configuration parameters can be stored, wherein said integrated circuit is enclosed in an insulating material forming said card, the card also including connecting means for communicating with an electronic instrument in the form of a mobile telephone, said connecting means being electrically connected to corresponding contact pads of the integrated circuit, the chip card further including a measuring circuit with a sensor for measuring a physical parameter so as to provide at least one output signal relating to the measurement of the physical parameter, said measuring circuit with a sensor being arranged in a rigid case to define an electronic module, which is enclosed in the insulating material forming said chip card, wherein the measuring circuit includes a movement sensor, housed in a large enough space inside the case to allow detection of a shock or to measure an acceleration, and a sensor interface connected to the sensor to supply a physical parameter measurement signal, the measuring circuit being electrically connected through the module case to external connection terminals on the case, and wherein the electronic module is electrically connected by the external connection terminals to the first integrated circuit of the chip card, the electronic module and the first integrated circuit being placed side by side in the insulating material of the chip card on a first surface of a printed circuit board. 2. The chip card according to claim 1, wherein the measuring circuit in the module case also includes means for pre-processing the measuring signal provided by the sensor interface, such that the pre-processing means supply an output signal relating to the parameter measurement which can be used to control an action or function of the electronic instrument. 3. The chip card according to claim 1, wherein the connecting means include a wireless connecting device and/or a zone of accessible electric contacts on at least one surface of the card that will come into contact with complementary contact terminals of an electronic instrument in which said chip card can be placed, wherein said electric contacts are electrically connected to corresponding contact pads of the integrated circuit, and wherein the measuring circuit with a sensor for measuring a physical parameter can supply at least one output signal relating to the measurement of the physical parameter via an electric connection through the case of the electronic module and via the wireless connecting device and/or via one of the electric contacts of the contact zone. 4. The chip card according to claim 1, wherein the measuring circuit with a sensor is a triaxial accelerometer, which includes a micro electro-mechanical element, electrically connected to a sensor interface of the measuring circuit. 5. The chip card according to claim 1, wherein there is sufficient space for the movement sensor and the measuring circuit sensor interface inside the electronic module case to allow said sensor to detect a shock or to measure an acceleration. 6. The chip card according to claim 1, wherein the sensor interface of the measuring circuit is provided on the basis of a single or several successive accelerations or shocks of said chip card, to supply a signal controlling the execution of a pre-programmed action or function in the electronic instrument. 7. The chip card according to claim 1, wherein at least one dedicated register in the integrated circuit memory unit is provided for storing the output signal that relates to the parameter measurement of the measuring circuit and is supplied to the integrated circuit through the case of the electronic module. 8. The chip card according to claim 1, wherein the measuring circuit, without the sensor, is made in a second integrated circuit and connected to the movement sensor in the electronic module case. 9. The chip card according to claim 8, wherein a second surface of the printed circuit board is mounted on an inner surface of a connecting substrate, wherein a connecting frame is secured to the inner surface of the connecting substrate and surrounds the printed circuit board, and wherein the external surface of the connecting substrate has an accessible electric contact zone that comes into contact with complementary contact terminals of an electronic instrument in which said chip card can be placed, wherein the contact zone is electrically connected to the first integrated circuit and to the electronic module. 10. The chip card according to claim 1, wherein it includes means for electrically powering the components of the chip card, such as a solar cell or an electric energy accumulator or an RFID device for picking up radio-frequency signals. 11. A method of manufacturing a chip card according to claim 1, wherein the method includes the steps consisting in: mounting and electrically connecting the electronic module, whose case contains the measuring circuit with a movement sensor, and the integrated circuit of the card on a first surface of a printed circuit board, and encapsulating the electronic module and the integrated circuit in a layer of insulating material that forms said card while allowing means for connecting the chip card, which are electrically connected at least to the integrated circuit, to communicate with an electronic instrument. 12. The method of manufacturing a chip card according to claim 11, wherein, prior to the operation of encapsulating the electronic module and the integrated circuit in the insulating material, a second surface of the printed circuit board is secured to an inner surface of a connecting substrate, an outer surface of which includes a zone of accessible electric contacts that come into contact with complementary contact terminals of an electronic instrument. 13. The method of manufacturing a chip card according to claim 12, wherein, prior to or after mounting the electronic module and the integrated circuit on the first surface of the printed circuit board, it includes the steps of: securing a connecting frame to the inner surface of the flexible connecting substrate so as to define a cell for receiving the printed circuit board, and securing the second surface of the printed circuit board, which is fixed to the inner surface of the connecting substrate inside the cell defined by the connecting frame. 