A Concentrating Photovoltaics (CPV) module includes light weight housing, a number of Cassegrain type reflective solar concentrators, a number of multi-junction solar cells and a novel heat spreading system. The primary and secondary reflectors focus the sun over 500 times to maximize the amount of photons collected by the solar cells and converted to electricity. A newly designed soft board material provides coefficient of thermal expansion (CTE) matched carrier for the solar cells and an efficient electrical connectivity method. The carrier board is attached to a specially formulated heat spreader that is specially formulated to conduct heat longitudinally away from the solar cells. The combination of the above creates CPV modules with the highest efficiency and lowest cost per Watt.
Claims 1. A reflective-type Concentrating Photovoltaic (CPV) solar energy module, comprising: a light weight housing tray; an anti-reflection protective glass cover; a number of support frames; a number of primary solar collectors each having a reflective surface, said primary collectors being mounted inside said housing and supported in position by said frames to reflect sunlight incident on said reflective surface thereof; a number of heat-spreader; a printed circuit board mounted on top of said heat-spreaders; a number of solar cells mounted on top of said printed circuit board and are electrically connected using copper traces on the said printed circuit board; a number of secondary reflectors, each having a highly reflective surface, positioned on the bottom side of said anti-reflection glass so as to receive sunlight reflected from said primary reflectors and to reflect said sunlight onto said solar cells that convert solar energy to electricity. 2. The module of claim 1 in which said housing tray encloses a number of frames located side-by-side, each of said frames mounting a primary reflector; 3. The module of claim 1 in which said primary reflectors have parabolic shapes with shallow focal lines substantially coincident with said secondary reflectors; 4. The module of claim 1 in which said printed circuit board is made of material with a coefficient of thermal expansion (CTE) that is matched the said solar cells; 5. The module of claim 1 in which said printed circuit board has copper traces which provide low loss cell-to-cell electrical interconnections; 6. The module of claim 1 in which said anti-reflection protective glass has at least 95 percent transmissivity and less than 5 percent reflectivity; 7. The module of claim 1 in which said anti-reflection protective glass is also used to mount said secondary reflectors, which are permanently bonded to said protective glass above said primary reflectors 8. The module in claim 1 in which said solar cells are attached to said printed circuit board using solder or epoxy; 9. The module of claim 1 in which said heat-spreaders are formed of anisotropic material, conducting heat longitudinally away from said solar cells; 10. The module in claim 1 in which said heat spreaders are made of graphite fibers weighing substantially less than aluminum or cooper heat spreaders; 11. The module in claim 1 in which said heat spreaders are bonded directly to the bottom side of said PCB board below said solar cells; 12. The module in claim 1 in which said heat spreaders have thermal conductivity over 400 W/mK; 13. An efficient passive cooling system for Concentrating Photovoltaic (CPV) solar energy modules, comprising: a light weight housing tray; a number of heat-spreader mounted to the bottom of the said housing tray; a thin printed circuit board (PCB) bonded to the top of said heat-spreaders; a number of solar cells receiving concentrated solar energy from the sun and converting it to electricity; a number of heatsink vias, in said PCB board, are used to transfer heat from the top layer where said solar cells are mounted to said heat spreaders and said housing tray; 14. The passive cooling system in claim 14 in which said heat-spreaders are formed of anisotropic material, conducting heat longitudinally with over 400 W/mK thermal conductivity; 15. The passive cooling system in claim 14 in which said printed circuit board is made of a thin laminate material with a coefficient of thermal expansion (CTE) that is matched to said solar cells; 16. The passive cooling system in claim 14 in which said heatsink vias are drilled into said PCB board, at said solar cells mounting locations, to conduct heat from the said solar cells to the said heat spreader; 17. A Cassegrain type reflective optics system for concentrating solar energy comprising: a primary parabolic solar collectors having a highly reflective surface to reflect sunlight incident on it; a convex secondary reflector having a highly reflective surface, positioned on top of said primary reflector so as to receive sunlight reflected from said primary reflector and to reflect said sunlight into a solar cell through an opening in the middle of said primary reflector; 18. The Cassegrain type collector in claim 18 in which said parabolic primary reflector has a complex concave surface characteristics resulting in focal point no greater than one third or its diameter or side dimension; 19. The Cassegrain type collector in claim 18 in which said secondary reflector has a complex convex surface characteristics resulting in homogenous concentrated solar flux which improves solar energy conversion efficiency. 