Techniques and apparatus inhibit, limit, or remove biofouling and certain inorganic accumulations, to increase the longevity of accurate in-situ oceanographic and other underwater measurements and transducing processes. The invention deters formation of an initial bacterial layer and other precipitation, without harming the environment. The invention integrates an ultrasonic source into a sensor or other device, or its supporting structures. The ultrasonic source vibrates one or more critical surfaces of the device at a frequency and amplitude that dislodge early accumulations, thus preventing the rest of the fouling sequence. The ultrasonic driver is activated for short periods and low duty cycles, and in some cases preferably while the device is not operating.
Claims 1. Apparatus for use with a device that has an exposed window surface, or an exposed active transducing surface that is part of a transducer and is outside any sealed chamber that may be associated with the device, and is (a) critical to performance of the device and (b) operated at least partially submerged within and in direct contact with an aqueous medium and (c) susceptible to biofouling; said apparatus comprising: an ultrasonic cleaning system operative at a frequency or frequencies in a range of approximately twenty kilohertz to nearly four hundred kilohertz; and means for substantially directly fixing the system to or integrating the system into such critical surface, to vibrate such surface and thereby reduce or substantially eliminate biofouling of such surface, particularly formation of biofilm on such surface. 2. In combination, the apparatus of claim 1 together with: such device, including such critical surface; and wherein said surface is a rigid-window surface, and transmits electromagnetic radiation or acoustic vibration; and the fixing or integrating means fix the system to or integrate the system into such surface at a part of the device that is behind the exposed window surface. 3. In combination, the apparatus of claim 1 together with: such device, including such critical surface; and wherein said transducing surface is in direct contact with such aqueous medium outside any such sealed chamber; said transducing surface interacts directly with a characteristic or constituent of such aqueous medium to develop signals indicative of a parameter of such characteristic or constituent; and the fixing or integrating means fix the system to or integrate the system into such surface at a part of the device that is behind the exposed transducing surface. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein: such constituent is a chemical species; such parameter is such concentration of such species; the active transducing surface interacts directly with the chemical species in such aqueous medium electrochemically, to develop signals indicative of such concentration of such species; the transducer has electrodes, which also are exposed in the aqueous medium and susceptible to biofouling; and the cleaning system reduces or substantially eliminates biofouling of the electrodes in addition to biofouling of the surface. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein: the cleaning system is substantially unitary with such device. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein: the fixing-or-integrating means comprise a substantially solid vibration-transmitting structure intermediate between such surface and the cleaning system. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein: the structure comprises a mounting plate fixed between such surface and the cleaning system. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein: the fixing-or-integrating means comprise a coupling gel or adhesive for transferring vibration from the cleaning system to such surface. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the fixing-or-integrating means comprise: a substantially solid intermediate structure; and a coupling gel or adhesive for transferring vibration from the cleaning system to such surface. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein: the fixing-or-integrating means are not for transmitting vibration to such surface through aqueous medium that surrounds such surface. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein such device is selected from the group consisting of: an electrical- or thermal-conductivity sensor; a sensor of oxygen or pH, or other chemical sensor; a window for passing electromagnetic radiation; a compressive-wave transducer that is not itself self cleaning; a solar panel; and an antenna. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein: such device is a window or other element, at least part of which is not to be obstructed; and the ultrasonic cleaning system comprises an ultrasonic element that is: toroidal and positioned generally at the periphery of such window or other element, or otherwise peripheral to such window or other element, and does not obstruct such not-to-be-obstructed part of such window or other element. 13. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein: such surface can be obstructed without impairing its function; and the ultrasonic cleaning system comprises an ultrasonic element that is for mounting generally centrally to such surface. 14. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the ultrasonic cleaning system comprises a driver selected from the group consisting of: a piezotransducer operative at a frequency or frequencies in a first range of approximately fifty kilohertz to nearly four hundred kilohertz; an electrostatic driver operative at a frequency or frequencies in a second range of approximately twenty to fifty kilohertz; an electromagnetic driver operative in said second range; and a microelectromechanical drive, or other mechanical machine, operative in said second range. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein: the piezotransducer is piezoceramic; changes in dimension within the piezoceramic are at least as large as thickening or thinning of the piezoceramic during vibration; and the piezoceramic piezotransducer has relatively higher mass than piezofilm piezotransducers have, and provides higher amplitude of vibration in such surface than possible using a piezofilm piezotransducer. 16. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein: such exposed transducing surface comprises or is part of a conductivity sensor or electrochemical sensor that is not sealed by a membrane; and the ultrasonic cleaning system and fixing-or-integrating means comprise means for vibrating such surface. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein: such conductivity sensor is substantially planar. 18. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein: such conductivity sensor is built upon a ceramic substrate. 19. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein: such device comprises a conductivity-measuring cell that has one or more sensing elements and senses impedance of a sensing element, or impedance between pairs of sensing elements or among groups of sensing elements, as immersed in a medium. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein such conductivity-measuring cell determines a ratio between: a voltage impressed across the cell, and a resulting current through the cell; or a current forced through the cell, and a resulting voltage across the cell. 21. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein: such surface has a functional region; and the ultrasonic cleaning system and fixing-or-integrating means comprise means for vibrating such functional region of such surface in a vibrational mode whose amplitude is high enough, throughout such functional region, to effectively reduce or substantially eliminate biofouling in such functional region. 22. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein: the vibrational mode has substantially no node within such functional region. 23. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein: such surface has a functional region generally at or near a center of such surface; and the ultrasonic cleaning system and fixing-or-integrating means comprise means for vibrating such generally central functional region in a fundamental mode, to effectively reduce or substantially eliminate biofouling in such generally central functional region. 24. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein: the ultrasonic cleaning system and fixing-or-integrating means comprise means for vibrating such surface in a zero-order mode, to effectively reduce or substantially eliminate biofouling throughout such surface. 25. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein: the ultrasonic cleaning system and fixing-or-integrating means comprise means for vibrating such surface in a plurality of modes, simultaneously or separately; wherein, in combination the plurality of modes provide effective cleaning across at least a region of such surface. 26. The apparatus of claim 25 wherein: such surface is mounted between two compliant elements to oscillate separately from other mounting parts of the apparatus. 27. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: means for searching for a natural resonance of such active transducing surface, as mounted. 28. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein: the ultrasonic cleaning system and fixing-or-integrating means comprise means for vibrating such surface at a duty cycle that is on the order of five percent, or less. 29. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein: the ultrasonic cleaning system and fixing-or-integrating means comprise means for vibrating such surface at a duty cycle that is on the order of one-tenth percent, or less. 30. The apparatus of claim 1: further comprising means defining a waterproof chamber whose interior is generally at or near atmospheric pressure; and wherein: such active transducing surface forms part of an external wall of the chamber and is, apart from remoteness and expense, substantially accessible; and such active transducing surface is not within the chamber. 31. The apparatus of claim 30, wherein: the waterproof chamber contains a circuit or vibrating element, or both, of the ultrasonic cleaning system. 32. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: means for determining ideal operating conditions of such device; and means for automatically adjusting operating conditions of such device to substantially said determined ideal conditions. 33. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: means for operating the cleaning system, to reduce or substantially eliminate such biofouling, when the active transducing surface is no longer submerged within the aqueous medium. 34. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein: such surface forms a periscope window for a craft or other apparatus that sometimes operates submerged in an aqueous medium; and the operating means comprise means for vibrating such surface, selectively: while the sometimes-submerged craft or other apparatus is submerged in the aqueous medium; or after the sometimes-submerged craft or other apparatus comes to the surface of the aqueous medium. 35. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: means for operating the cleaning system at one or more frequencies determined from particle size of fouling material to be reduced or substantially eliminated. 36. The apparatus of claim 35, wherein: the operating means comprise means for searching for natural resonance associated with such particle size. 37. Apparatus for use with a device that has an exposed window surface, or an exposed active transducing surface that is part of a transducer and is outside any sealed chamber that may be associated with the device, and is (a) critical to performance of the device and (b) operated at least partially immersed within and in direct contact with a liquid and (c) susceptible to undesirable chemical deposition on the surface; said apparatus comprising: an ultrasonic cleaning system operative at a frequency or frequencies in a range of approximately fifty kilohertz to eighty kilohertz; and means for substantially directly fixing the system to or integrating the system into such critical surface, to vibrate such surface and thereby reduce or substantially eliminate such chemical deposition. 38. In combination, the apparatus of claim 37 together with: such device, including such critical surface; and wherein said surface is a rigid-window surface, and transmits electromagnetic radiation or acoustic vibration; and the fixing or integrating means fix the system to or integrate the system into such surface at a part of the device that is behind the exposed surface. 39. In combination, the apparatus of claim 37 together with: such device, including such surface; and wherein said surface is an active transducing surface in direct contact with such liquid outside any such sealed chamber; said transducing surface interacts directly with a characteristic or constituent of such liquid to develop signals indicative of a parameter of such characteristic or constituent. 40. The apparatus of claim 39, wherein: such constituent is a chemical species; such parameter is such concentration of such species; and the active transducing surface interacts directly with the chemical species in such liquid electrochemically, to develop signals indicative of such concentration of such species; the transducer has electrodes, which also are exposed in the liquid outside any such chamber and susceptible to undesirable chemical deposition; and the cleaning system reduces or substantially eliminates chemical deposition on the electrodes in addition to chemical deposition on the surface. 41. The apparatus of claim 37: further comprising means defining a liquid-proof chamber whose interior is generally at or near atmospheric pressure; and wherein: such critical surface forms part of an external wall of the chamber and is, apart from remoteness and expense, substantially accessible; and such electrodes are not within the chamber. 42. The apparatus of claim 40, wherein: the device is particularly susceptible to undesirable deposition of calcium carbonate. 43. The apparatus of claim 37, wherein: the fixing-or-integrating means comprise a substantially solid vibration-transmitting structure intermediate between such surface and the cleaning system. 44. The apparatus of claim 37, wherein: the fixing-or-integrating means comprise a coupling gel or adhesive for transferring vibration from the cleaning system to such surface. 45. The apparatus of claim 37, wherein: the fixing-or-integrating means comprise a portion of such device. 46. The apparatus of claim 37, wherein the ultrasonic cleaning system comprises a driver selected from the group consisting of: operative at a frequency or frequencies in a first range of approximately fifty kilohertz to nearly four hundred kilohertz, a piezotransducer; and operative at a frequency or frequencies in a second range of approximately twenty to fifty kilohertz: an electrostatic driver; an electromagnetic driver; and a microelectromechanical drive, or other mechanical machine. 47. The apparatus of claim 37, further comprising: means for operating the cleaning system, to reduce or substantially eliminate such chemical deposition, when the surface is no longer in the liquid. 48. The apparatus of claim 37, wherein: such surface forms a periscope window for a craft or other apparatus that sometimes operates submerged in liquid; and the operating means comprise means for vibrating such surface, selectively: while the sometimes-submerged craft or other apparatus is submerged in the liquid; or after the sometimes-submerged craft or other apparatus comes to the surface of the liquid. 49. The apparatus of claim 37, wherein: such surface has a functional region; the ultrasonic cleaning system and fixing-or-integrating means comprise means for vibrating such functional region of such surface in a vibrational mode whose amplitude is high enough, throughout such functional region, to effectively reduce or substantially eliminate biofouling in such functional region; and such surface is mounted between two compliant elements to oscillate separately from other mounting parts of the apparatus. 50. The apparatus of claim 49, further comprising: means for searching for one or more natural resonances of such surface, as mounted. 51. The apparatus of claim 37: wherein such surface has a design level of performance; wherein the ultrasonic cleaning system and fixing-or-integrating means comprise means for vibrating such surface at a duty cycle that is automatically variable; and further comprising means for automatically controlling the variable duty cycle to clean such surface to at least said design level of performance. 52. The apparatus of claim 37, further comprising: means for operating the cleaning system at one or more frequencies determined from particle size of chemical deposition to be reduced or substantially eliminated. 53. The apparatus of claim 52, wherein: the operating means comprise means for searching for natural resonance associated with such particle size. 54. Conductivity-measuring apparatus comprising: a generally planar sensing-cell surface that, at least when operating, is exposed in an aqueous medium; and disposed on the generally planar surface: plural ring-shaped current-drive electrodes, and voltage-sensing electrodes, each disposed within a respective one of the drive electrodes; said voltage electrodes being offset, toward each other in pairs, from respective centers of the current electrodes. 55. The apparatus of claim 54, wherein: the current electrodes are roughly equidistant from a centerline or centerpoint of the surface. 56. The apparatus of claim 54, wherein: the current electrodes are arranged in one or more groups, the current electrodes of each group being roughly equal in size and roughly equidistant from a centerline or centerpoint of the surface. 57. The apparatus of claim 54, wherein: the ring-shaped current electrodes are arranged in two or more pairs, the electrodes of each pair being roughly equal in size and roughly equidistant from a centerline of the surface; whereby the current electrodes of each pair establish a respective dipole-like electrical field; and the sensing electrodes are offset toward each other to locate them substantially at a zero-gradient area of the respective dipole-like electrical field of the corresponding current electrodes. 58. The apparatus of claim 54, wherein: there are exactly two current electrodes; and the current electrodes are roughly equal in size and roughly equidistant from a centerline of the surface. 59. The apparatus of claim 54, for operation in an aqueous medium and susceptible to biofouling; and further comprising: means for vibrating the sensing-cell surface to reduce or substantially eliminate biofouling of the surface. 60. The apparatus of claim 59, wherein: the vibrating means are fixed substantially directly to, or substantially integrated into, the surface, at a part of the device that is behind the surface. 61. The apparatus of claim 54, wherein the measuring apparatus determines a ratio between: a current directed through the cell; and a resulting voltage across the cell. 62. A method of designing a self-cleaning instrument that performs said cleaning by vibration to deter underwater biofouling or chemical deposition; said method comprising the steps of: defining a set of inputs characterizing vibration constraints applicable to generally all said self-cleaning instruments; defining an algorithm generically relating the operating inputs to design specifications of said instruments; receiving a set of values of said inputs for a particular desired instrument; and based on the values, automatically performing the defined algorithm to compute and provide design-specification values used in designing the particular self-cleaning instrument; wherein the performing step comprises applying at least one of these design principles: vibration transmission, from transmitter to critical article to be cleaned, through distance on the order of one centimeter, or less, preferably substantially direct attachment of vibration transmitter to critical article to be cleaned, preferably substantially unitary construction of vibration transmitter with critical article to be cleaned, substantially nodeless vibration in critical areas, preferably vibration in order zero or one, and duty cycle of five percent or less. 63. The method of claim 62, further comprising the step of: designing the instrument generally according to the provided design-specification values. 64. In combination with the method of claim 63, the further step of: building the instrument, as designed generally according to the provided design-specification values. 65. The method of claim 64, wherein the set of operating parameters comprises at least some of these: instrument type, and materials of construction; geometry, size, weight, and optical, chemical and electrical requirements of an instrument, and of its surface or surfaces to be cleaned; and environmental conditions under which the instrument will operate. 66. The method of claim 65, wherein the set of design specifications comprises at least some of these: vibration-driver type, material of construction, size, geometry, power, and optical details; modal frequencies and shapes; electronic or other drive-circuit details; and a cleaning-performance estimate. 67. The method of claim 62, wherein the set of design specifications comprises at least some of these: vibration-driver type, material of construction, size, geometry, power, and optical details; modal frequencies and shapes; electronic or other drive-circuit details; and a cleaning-performance estimate. 