A hybrid solar attic vent comprising a housing configured to be mounted on the roof or in the gable of a building in communication with the attic of the building. A photovoltaic solar panel is positioned to be exposed to sunlight and to power the attic fan when sufficient sunlight is present. An alternative source of energy, which may be the building's AC power, is connected to the fan through an electronic control module. The control module monitors the output of the solar panel and switches the fan's power source from solar power to the alternative source of energy when the solar panel produces insufficient electrical energy to power the fan. A thermostat allows operation of the fan by the alternative power source only when the temperature in the attic is above a predetermined threshold.
Claims 1. A hybrid solar attic vent comprising: a housing configured to be mounted to a building in communication with an attic space of the building; a fan disposed in the housing and arranged, when powered, to move air out of the attic space; a switch connected to the fan; a photovoltaic solar panel located for exposure to sunlight to produce an electrical voltage, the solar panel being connected to the switch; an alternate voltage source connected to the switch; and a controller coupled to the switch, the controller being configured to cause the switch to supply power to the fan from the solar panel when the solar panel is exposed to sufficient sunlight to power the fan and to supply power to the fan from the alternate voltage source when the solar panel is exposed to insufficient sunlight to power the fan. 2. A hybrid solar attic vent as claimed in claim 1 and wherein the housing is configured to be mounted on a roof of the building. 3. A hybrid solar attic vent as claimed in claim 1 and wherein the housing is configured to be mounted in a gable of the building. 4. A hybrid solar attic vent as claimed in claim 1 and wherein the photovoltaic solar panel is mounted on the housing. 5. A hybrid solar attic vent as claimed in claim 1 and wherein the photovoltaic solar panel is mounted remotely from the housing. 6. A hybrid solar attic vent as claimed in claim 1 and wherein the alternate power source is the electrical supply of the building. 7. A hybrid solar attic vent as claimed in claim 6 and wherein the electrical supply of the building is an alternating current (AC) supply and further comprising a direct current (DC) power supply for converting the alternating current supply to a direct current supply for powering the fan. 8. A hybrid solar attic vent as claimed in claim 1 and further comprising a thermostat for disconnecting the alternate voltage source when the temperature of the attic falls below a predetermined threshold. 9. A hybrid solar attic vent as claimed in claim 8 and further comprising an adjustment on the thermostat for selectively adjusting the predetermined threshold. 10. A method of operating an attic ventilation fan powered by a photovoltaic solar panel, the method comprising the steps of: (a) monitoring the electrical output of the solar panel; (b) powering the attic ventilation fan with the solar panel when the electrical output of the solar panel is sufficient to operate the fan; and (c) powering the attic ventilation fan with an alternative source of electrical energy when the electrical output of the solar panel is insufficient to operate the fan. 11. The method of claim 10 and where in step (c), the alternative source of electrical energy is a household electrical supply. 12. The method of claim 11 and wherein the household electrical supply is an alternating current supply, the method further comprising converting the alternating current supply to a direct current supply prior to powering the attic ventilation fan in step (c). 13. The method of claim 10 and wherein step (c) further comprises powering the attic ventilation fan with an alternative source of electrical energy when the electrical output of the solar panel is insufficient to operate the fan and the temperature within the attic is above a predetermined threshold. 14. A hybrid solar attic fan adapted to be powered by solar energy or by an alternate source of energy, the attic fan comprising a housing configured for mounting to a building in communication with an attic of the building, a fan disposed in the housing and configured, when powered, to cause air to move out of the attic, a solar panel coupled to the fan for powering the fan when the solar panel is sunlit, an alternate source of energy for powering the fan when the solar panel is not sunlit, and a control unit configured to switch between power from the solar panel and power from the alternate source of energy according to predetermined conditions. 15. A hybrid solar attic fan as claimed in claim 14 and wherein the predetermined conditions comprise the solar panel producing insufficient energy to power the fan. 16. A hybrid solar attic fan as claimed in claim 14 and further comprising a thermostat positioned to measure the temperature within the attic. 17. A hybrid solar attic fan as claimed in claim 16 and wherein the thermostat disconnects the alternative source of energy when the temperature in the attic falls below a predetermined threshold. 