In one embodiment, an electronically controlled hatch system for safe ingress, egress, hazard detection, and methods thereof are provided to reduce or eliminate hazards to personnel, including protection of people above and below a scuttle hatch, access port, skylight or elevated deck. Said hatch system reduces the risk of falls while ascending or descending a ladder through an access port. In certain embodiments, severe weather, hazard, security, and other safety information are detected and transmitted to a central control unit for processing and regulating the opening and closing of a hatch covering the access port and/or raising and lowering a safety railing system based on said information and/or user input. Said hatch system may include an actuator and guides for automatically locking/unlocking and opening/closing a hatch, an actuator and guides for automatically raising/lowering a railing system, hazard, security, lighting, and other safety monitoring detectors/apparatuses, and a centralized controller.
Claims 1. An electronically controlled hatch system for use with an access port for ingress or egress, said hatch system comprising: a hatch cooperable with said access port for limiting entry and exit through said access port, wherein said hatch has at least an open position and a closed position; an actuator cooperable with said hatch and capable of raising and lowering said hatch to at least the open position and the closed position; at least one safety rail mounted adjacent to said access port; and a central control unit operable to communicate with the actuator to position the hatch. 2. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 1, further comprising a mechanical latching system cooperable with said actuator for interfacing said hatch with said access port, wherein said mechanical latching system comprises: a clevis bracket, having a bracket opening therethrough, a pivot plate, having a pivot opening therethrough, positioned adjacent the clevis bracket; a pivot pin passing through the clevis bracket opening and the pivot opening operable to allow the pivot plate to movably pivot thereupon; an actuator, having an actuator arm, wherein the actuator arm interfaces with said pivot plate; a pivot rod, having a first location and a second location, wherein the pivot rod interfaces with the pivot plate adjacent the first location and interfaces with the lock mechanism adjacent the second location; wherein movement of the actuator arm in a first direction causes responsive movement of the pivot plate, which causes the pivot rod to move in a second direction, thereby locking or unlocking said lock mechanism. 3. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 1, further comprising an electronic latching system operable for interfacing said hatch with said access port. 4. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 1, further comprising a control unit operable to electronically communicate with the central control unit to control the actuator. 5. The electronically controlled hatch system according to claim 4, wherein said control unit is wireless. 6. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 1, further comprising an egress light positioned adjacent to the access port, wherein said egress light automatically operates when said hatch is not in the closed position. 7. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 1, further comprising an emergency switching station for operating said electronically controlled hatch system in an emergency situation. 8. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 1, further comprising a power source capable of at least partially powering said electronically controlled hatch system, wherein said power source is selected from the group consisting of a photovoltaic solar panel, a battery, and a fuel cell. 9. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 1, further comprising a sensor for acquiring information and communicating the information to said central control unit, wherein said sensor is selected from the group consisting of a gas detector, anemometer, lightning detector, thermometer, thermostat, rebound sensor, high water detection sensor, motion sensor, smoke detector, excess snow load detector, hygrometer, snow detector, rain detector, and ice detector. 10. The electronically controlled hatch system according to claim 9, wherein said sensor is positioned adjacent to said access port. 11. The electronically controlled hatch system according to claim 9, wherein said sensor communicates directly with an alarm system. 12. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 1, further comprising an alarm capable of triggering in response to a preset condition. 13. The electronically controlled hatch system according to claim 12, wherein said alarm electronically interfaces with a communications network in response to a preset condition. 14. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 1, wherein said central control unit interfaces with a communications network. 15. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 1, wherein said central control unit includes two discrete processing units. 16. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 1, further comprising a surveillance camera for monitoring conditions adjacent to said access port. 17. The electronically controlled hatch system according to claim 16, wherein said surveillance camera interfaces with said central control unit. 18. The electronically controlled hatch system according to claim 16, wherein said surveillance camera interfaces with an alarm system. 19. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 1, further comprising a generally vertical tower rail positioned adjacent to said access port for mounting equipment. 20. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 1, wherein said safety rail includes a gate for limiting ingress and egress through said hatch system. 21. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 20, wherein said gate is self-closing. 22. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 1, wherein said safety rail includes a grab hold projection extending at an angle offset from vertical. 23. An electronically controlled hatch system for use with an access port for ingress or egress, said hatch system comprising: a hatch cooperable with said access port for limiting entry and exit through said access port, wherein said hatch has at least an open position and a closed position; at least one guide rail mounted adjacent said hatch; at least one safety rail retractably mounted adjacent said access port and cooperable with said guide rail to raise and lower said hatch to the open position and the closed position as said safety rail is retractably raised and lowered; an actuator cooperable with said safety rail for raising and lowering said safety rail; and a central control unit operable to communicate with the actuator to position the hatch. 24. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 23, further comprising a mechanical latching system cooperable with said safety rail for interfacing said hatch with said access port. 25. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 23, further comprising a mechanical latching system cooperable with said actuator for interfacing said hatch with said access port, wherein said mechanical latching system comprises: a clevis bracket, having a bracket opening therethrough, a pivot plate, having a pivot opening therethrough, positioned adjacent the clevis bracket; a pivot pin passing through the clevis bracket opening and the pivot opening operable to allow the pivot plate to movably pivot thereupon; an actuator, having an actuator arm, wherein the actuator arm interfaces with said pivot plate; a pivot rod, having a first location and a second location, wherein the pivot rod interfaces with the pivot plate adjacent the first location and interfaces with the lock mechanism adjacent the second location; wherein movement of the actuator arm in a first direction causes responsive movement of the pivot plate, which causes the pivot rod to move in a second direction, thereby locking or unlocking said lock mechanism. 26. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 23, further comprising an electronic latching system operable for interfacing said hatch with said access port. 27. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 23, further comprising a control unit operable to electronically communicate with the central control unit to control the actuator. 28. The electronically controlled hatch system according to claim 27, wherein said control unit is wireless. 29. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 23, further comprising an egress light positioned adjacent to the access port, wherein said egress light automatically operates when said hatch is not in the closed position. 30. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 23, further comprising an emergency switching station for operating said electronically controlled hatch system in an emergency situation. 31. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 23, further comprising a power source capable of at least partially powering said electronically controlled hatch system, wherein said power source is selected from the group consisting of a photovoltaic solar panel, a battery, and a fuel cell. 32. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 23, further comprising a sensor for acquiring information and communicating the information to said central control unit, wherein said sensor is selected from the group consisting of a gas detector, anemometer, lightning detector, thermometer, thermostat, rebound sensor, high water detection sensor, motion sensor, smoke detector, excess snow load detector, hygrometer, snow detector, rain detector, and ice detector. 33. The electronically controlled hatch system according to claim 32, wherein said sensor is positioned adjacent to said access port. 34. The electronically controlled hatch system according to claim 32, wherein said sensor communicates directly with an alarm system. 35. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 23, further comprising an alarm capable of triggering in response to a preset condition. 36. The electronically controlled hatch system according to claim 35, wherein said alarm electronically interfaces with a communications network in response to a preset condition. 37. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 23, wherein said central control unit interfaces with a communications network. 38. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 23, wherein said central control unit includes two discrete processing units. 39. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 23, further comprising a surveillance camera for monitoring conditions adjacent to said access port. 40. The electronically controlled hatch system according to claim 39, wherein said surveillance camera interfaces with said central control unit. 41. The electronically controlled hatch system according to claim 39, wherein said surveillance camera interfaces with an alarm system. 42. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 23, further comprising a generally vertical tower rail positioned adjacent to said access port for mounting equipment. 43. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 23, wherein said safety rail includes a gate for limiting ingress and egress through said hatch system. 44. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 43, wherein said gate is self-closing. 45. The electronically controlled hatch system of claim 23, wherein said safety rail includes a grab hold projection extending at an angle offset from vertical. 46. A latch system for locking and unlocking a lock mechanism, the latch system comprising: a clevis bracket, having a bracket opening therethrough; a pivot plate, having a pivot opening therethrough, positioned adjacent the clevis bracket; a pivot pin passing through the clevis bracket opening and the pivot opening operable to allow the pivot plate to movably pivot thereupon; an actuator, having an actuator arm, wherein the actuator arm interfaces with said pivot plate; and a pivot rod, having a first location and a second location, wherein the pivot rod interfaces with the pivot plate adjacent the first location and interfaces with the lock mechanism adjacent the second location; wherein movement of the actuator arm in a first direction causes responsive movement of the pivot plate, which causes the pivot rod to move in a second direction, thereby locking or unlocking said lock mechanism. 47. A method for use of an electronically controlled hatch system, the method comprising: detecting hazard, security, or safety information from a sensor; transmitting the information to a central control unit; processing the information at the central control unit and generating output information by the central control unit; and transmitting at least a portion of the output information to the actuator for operating the hatch system. 48. The method of claim 47 further comprising the step of transmitting at least a portion of the output information to an output device for communicating to a user. 49. The method of claim 47 wherein the central control unit includes two discrete processing units. 50. A method for use of an electronically controlled hatch system, the method comprising: detecting hazard, security, or safety information from a sensor; transmitting the information to a central control unit; processing the information at the central control unit and generating output information by the central control unit; transmitting at least a portion of the output information to an output device for communicating to a user; and transmitting at least a portion of user information to the central control unit for operating the hatch system. 