A display has a louver shade having at least two louver segments, a display segment mounted on each louver segment, each display segment being a part of a larger display, drive electronics electrically coupled to each display segment to provide image data to display elements in the display segment, and a control circuit to provide the image data to the drive electronics, the control circuit arranged to provide display data when the louver segments are in a closed position. A method of displaying data includes receiving image data at control circuitry, segmenting the image data to produce segmented image data according to display segments, wherein each display segment is mounted to a louver segment, monitoring a signal indicating whether the louver segments are in an open state or a closed state, if the signal indicates that the louver segments are in the closed state, routing the segmented image data to the appropriate display segments on the louver segments, and continuing to provide the segmented display data until the signal indicates that the louver segments are in the open state. A display system has at least one camera to provide image data related to an external environment to a viewing environment, at least one louver shade mounted on the viewing environment, the louver shade having louver segments each louver segment having a display segment, the display segments oriented so as to face the viewing environment when in a closed position, a covering resistant to one or both of radiation and impact mounted on a side of the louver segment opposite the display segment arranged to provide protection from the external environment when the louvers are in a closed position, and control circuitry to provide the image data from the camera to the display segments when the louvers are in the closed position.
Claims 1. A display, comprising: a louver shade having at least two louver segments; a display segment mounted on each louver segment, each display segment being a part of a larger display; drive electronics electrically coupled to each display segment to provide image data to display elements in the display segment; and a control circuit to provide the image data to the drive electronics, the control circuit arranged to provide display data when the louver segments are in a closed position. 2. The display of claim 1, wherein the louver segments have horizontal and vertical sides, the louver segments having a horizontal dimension greater than a vertical dimension, the louver segments being attached to a frame at the one of either the horizontal or vertical sides. 3. The display of claim 1, wherein the louver segments have horizontal and vertical sides, the louver segment having a vertical dimension greater than a horizontal dimension, the louver segments being attached to a frame at the horizontal sides. 4. The display of claim 1, wherein the louver segments are arranged to rotate between a first closed position and a second close position, the second closed position being approximately 180 degrees from the first closed position. 5. The display of claim 1, wherein the louver segments have display segments mounted on a front side and a back side, the display segments comprising one of light emitting diode (LED) display, plasma display, LCD display, nematic LCD display, ferroelectric LCD display, reflective cholesteric LCD display, polymer dispersed LCD display, backlit/transflective LCD display, OLED display, electrophoretic display, powder display, Gyricon display, electrochromic display, electrodeposition display, interference or electrowetting display, or electroluminescent display. 6. The display of claim 5, wherein the display segments mounted on the front side and the back side are of different display technologies. 7. The display of claim 1, wherein the louver segments have a display segment mounted on a first side and one of a solar panel or an area light source on a second side. 8. The display of claim 1, wherein the louver segments have a display segment mounted on a first side and one of an impact resistant shield or a radiation resistant shield on one of either the first side or a second side. 9. The display of claim 1, wherein the display segments form a portion of a continuous, flexible at least partially transparent substrate. 10. The display of claim 9, wherein the louver segments are mounted to predetermined segments of the flexible substrate, the predetermined segments containing at least part of the drive electronics for the display segment. 11. The display of claim 1, wherein the drive electronics comprise active matrix addressing circuitry 12. The display of claim 1, wherein display element address lines are arranged to run horizontally to a vertical edge 13. The display of claim 12, wherein the display element address lines are routed to a common point away from the louvers at which the control circuit resides. 14. The display of claim 1, wherein the louver segments are each a portion of a substrate, the substrate being folded about a center line, such that the louver segments reside on opposite sides of the center line. 15. The display of claim 14, the display further comprising a light source and a light guide to provide illumination to display segments on the louver segments. 16. The display of claim 1, wherein the louver segments are arranged in the frame to allow the segments to be stacked together. 17. A method of displaying data, comprising: receiving image data at control circuitry; segmenting the image data to produce segmented image data according to display segments, wherein each display segment is mounted to a louver segment; monitoring a signal indicating whether the louver segments are in an open state or a closed state; if the signal indicates that the louver segments are in the closed state, routing the segmented image data to the appropriate display segments on the louver segments; and continuing to provide the segmented display data until the signal indicates that the louver segments are in the open state. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein monitoring the signal further comprises monitoring the signal to determine if the louvers are in a first or second closed position of the louvers. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising reorienting the segmented image data if the louvers are in the second closed position. 20. The method of claim 17, further comprising buffering the image data if the signal indicates that the louver segments are in the open state so as to provide the image data sequentially to a last image viewed prior to the louvers moving to the open state. 21. A display system, comprising: at least one camera to provide image data related to an external environment to a viewing environment; at least one louver shade mounted on the viewing environment, the louver shade having louver segments each louver segment having a display segment, the display segments oriented so as to face the viewing environment when in a closed position; a covering resistant to one or both of radiation and impact mounted on a side of the louver segment opposite the display segment arranged to provide protection from the external environment when the louvers are in a closed position; and control circuitry to provide the image data from the camera to the display segments when the louvers are in the closed position. 22. The system of claim 21, wherein the display system is mounted on a vehicle. 23. The system of claim 21, wherein the impact resistant covering comprises one of a bullet-proof covering, Kevlar, radiation-resistant or armored plating. 24. A louver device, comprising: a louver shade having at least two louver segments that track the position of a light source; at least one solar cell mounted on each louver segment; and storage electrically coupled to the solar cells to store collected energy. 