Herein disclosed is an electrical power generation apparatus that produces more power than the apparatus consumes for operation and the excess power can be used for clean environmentally friendly energizing of additional devices of user choice. The overall apparatus is operational due to centrifugal force created within the assembly of the apparatus.
Claims 1. A centrifugal torque amplifier comprising: a centrifugal torque amplification assembly; a first battery; a second battery; a starter motor; a first drive motor; a second drive motor; a drive shaft assembly; and a generator; said drive shaft assembly having an upper end and a lower end; said first battery is in electrical communication with said starter motor, said first starter motor is in electrical mechanical communication with said lower end of said drive shaft assembly, upon initial start up, said first battery energizes said starter motor which in turn via mechanical electrical communication causes said drive shaft assembly to rotate at a fixed RPM rate, said lower end of said drive shaft assembly is further in electrical mechanical communication with said second drive motor which is in electrical mechanical communication with said second battery, whereby, said second battery and said second drive motor cooperate together to further control the rotation of said drive shaft assembly to enhance centrifugal force during intermittent moments of lag due to extra drawn horsepower, said lower end of said drive shaft assembly is further in electrical mechanical communication with said generator of which is used for production of electricity, said second drive motor is in electrical mechanical communication with an upper drive pulley of which is interconnected onto said upper end of said drive shaft assembly of which is interconnected in mechanical communication onto said centrifugal torque amplification assembly and said lower end of said drive shaft assembly is in mechanical communication and interconnected onto said centrifugal torque amplification assembly via a lower drive pulley. 2. The centrifugal torque amplifier of claim 1 wherein said first battery and/or said second battery is a standard 12V DC or a standard solar power variety. 3. The centrifugal torque amplifier of claim 1 wherein said starter motor is a standard 12 VDC OR 110 VAC. 4. The centrifugal torque amplifier of claim 1 wherein said first drive motor and/or said second drive motor is a standard 12 VDC OR 110 VAC. 5. The centrifugal torque amplifier of claim 1 wherein said fixed RPM rate is 1800. 6. The centrifugal torque amplifier of claim 1 is monitored and/or controlled via a computer control system, whereby said computer control system is electrically interconnected onto the main components and all of the functional parameters can be recorded and/or regulated accordingly. 7. The centrifugal torque amplifier of claim 1 further includes a scaffolding structure wherein all of the components are to be supported and arranged within their respective positions within said scaffolding structure. 8. The centrifugal torque amplifier of claim 1 wherein said centrifugal torque amplification assembly includes a supply feed; supply feed/dual drive plates; a central centrifugal drive assembly; and a booster drive assembly. 9. The centrifugal torque amplifier of claim 8 wherein said supply feed is assembled from a hardened steel shaft, a band-pulley, a low torque drive motor and a mounting brace, all of which when assembled form said supply feed, said supply feed is interconnected onto said supply feed/dual drive plates, said supply fee/dual drive plates are constructed from an adjustable plate, spacer blocks and bolts, said supply feed/dual drive plates are interconnected onto said central centrifugal drive assembly, said central centrifugal drive assembly is constructed from a shaft, U-Joints, a swing arm, a shoulder brace, a counter weight and a coupling adapter of which are interconnected with the generator output, whereby in combination allow for said centrifugal torque amplification assembly to create the desired centrifugal force of which can then be harnessed and converted to electricity for the useable energy source of choice. 