In some embodiments, a first solar powered furnace may be fluidically coupled to a second solar powered furnace in a solar powered furnace array by an array interconnect, which may include a first receiver, a second receiver, and an array interconnect stent that is at least partially inserted into each of the first receiver and the second receiver. In some embodiments, the solar powered furnace may include a back pass air channel defined by a duct floor and a solar absorption plate, and a distance between the duct floor and the solar absorption plate and a flow rate of air may be selected such that air flows through the back pass air channel in a laminar flow regime. In some embodiments, the solar powered furnace may include a mounting system including a mounting rail and a mounting channel defined in a back surface of the solar powered furnace.
Claims 1. A solar powered furnace array comprising: a first solar powered furnace comprising a first sidewall, wherein the first sidewall defines a first port; a second solar powered furnace comprising a second sidewall, wherein the second sidewall defines a second port; an array interconnect comprising: a first receiver at least partially inserted in the first port; a second receiver at least partially inserted in the second port; and an array interconnect stent at least partially inserted in each of the first receiver and the second receiver to fluidically couple the first solar powered furnace and the second solar powered furnace. 2. The solar powered furnace array of claim 1, wherein at least one of the first receiver and the second receiver comprises a flexible overhang, and wherein the array interconnect contacts the overhang to form a seal between the array interconnect stent and the at least one of the first receiver and the second receiver. 3. The solar powered furnace array of claim 1, wherein the first sidewall comprises a first short sidewall, wherein the second sidewall comprises a second short sidewall, and wherein the array interconnect fluidically couples the first solar powered furnace and the second solar powered furnace in a series flow configuration. 4. The solar powered furnace array of claim 1, wherein the first sidewall comprises a long sidewall, wherein the second sidewall comprises a second long sidewall, and wherein the array interconnect fluidically couples the first solar powered furnace and the second solar powered furnace in a parallel flow configuration. 5. The solar powered furnace array of claim 1, wherein the first sidewall further defines a third port, and wherein the second sidewall further defines a fourth port, and wherein the array interconnect is a first array interconnect and the solar powered furnace array further comprises a second array interconnect comprising: a third receiver at least partially inserted in the third port; a fourth receiver at least partially inserted in the fourth port; and a second array interconnect stent at least partially inserted in each of the third receiver and the fourth receiver to fluidically couple the first solar powered furnace and the second solar powered furnace. 6. The solar powered furnace array of claim 5, wherein the first sidewall comprises a first short sidewall, wherein the second sidewall comprises a second short sidewall, and wherein the first and second array interconnects fluidically couple the first solar powered furnace and the second solar powered furnace in a series flow configuration. 7. The solar powered furnace array of claim 5, wherein the first sidewall comprises a first long sidewall, wherein the second sidewall comprises a second long sidewall, and wherein the first and second array interconnects fluidically couple the first solar powered furnace and the second solar powered furnace in a parallel flow configuration. 8. The solar powered furnace array of claim 1, wherein the first sidewall comprises a first projection, wherein the second sidewall comprises a second projection, and wherein, when the first solar powered furnace is fluidically coupled to the second solar powered furnace, the first projection is substantially flush with the second projection. 9. The solar powered furnace array of claim 1, wherein at least one of the first receiver and the second receiver comprises a lip extending substantially normal inward, and wherein an edge of the array interconnect stent contacts the lip to form a seal between the array interconnect stent and the at least one of the first receiver and the second receiver. 10. A solar powered furnace comprising: a glass pane; a solar absorption plate oriented substantially parallel to the glass pane; and a duct floor oriented substantially parallel to the glass pane and the solar absorption plate and located on an opposite side of the solar absorption plate from the glass pane, wherein the solar absorption plate and duct floor define a back pass air channel, and wherein at least one of a distance between the solar absorption plate and the duct floor and a flow rate of air in the back pass air channel are selected such that the air flows through the back pass air channel in a laminar flow regime. 11. The solar powered furnace of claim 10, wherein the distance between the solar absorption plate and the duct floor is about 3/4 inch. 12. The solar powered furnace of claim 10, further comprising a header air space fluidically coupled to the back pass air channel. 13. The solar powered furnace of claim 12, wherein the solar powered furnace comprises a first solar powered furnace and the header air space comprises a first header air space, further comprising, an array interconnect fluidically coupled to the first header air space and a second header air space in a second solar powered furnace. 14. A solar powered furnace mounting system comprising: a mounting channel defined in a back surface of a solar powered furnace; and a mounting rail configured to fit in the mounting channel, wherein the mounting rail is attached to a structure, wherein the mounting rail is attached, within the mounting channel, to the solar powered furnace to mechanically couple the solar powered furnace to the structure. 15. The solar powered furnace mounting system of claim 14, wherein the mounting channel comprises a first mounting channel defined in the back surface of the solar powered furnace adjacent a first edge of the back surface, wherein the mounting rail comprises a first mounting rail, further comprising: a second mounting channel defined in the back surface of the solar powered furnace adjacent a second edge of the back surface; and a second mounting rail configured to fit in the second mounting channel, wherein the second mounting rail is attached to the structure, wherein the second mounting rail is attached, within the second mounting channel, to the solar powered furnace to mechanically couple the solar powered furnace to the structure. 16. The solar powered furnace mounting system of claim 15, wherein the first edge of the back surface is substantially opposite and parallel to the second edge of the back surface. 17. The solar powered furnace mounting system of claim 14, wherein the mounting rail is substantially hidden from view when the solar powered furnace is attached to the mounting rail. 18. A method of installing a solar powered furnace array, comprising: mounting a first solar powered furnace to a mounting rail attached to a structure; inserting an array interconnect stent in a first array interconnect receiver inserted in a port in the first solar powered furnace; and mounting a second solar powered to the mounting rail attached to the structure, wherein the array interconnect stent is inserted in a second array interconnect receiver inserted in a port in the second solar powered furnace. 19. A solar powered furnace comprising: a header air space fluidically coupled to a back pass air channel, wherein the header air space is configured to provide a plurality of locations for fluidically coupling to at least one of an air inlet orifice, an air outlet orifice and an array interconnect. 20. The solar powered furnace of claim 19, wherein the array interconnect comprises an array interconnect receiver. 