A sensor module is provided for use in a passenger compartment of a motor vehicle that includes, but is not limited to a circuit board, at least one passenger compartment temperature sensor, and at least one solar irradiation detection sensor. The sensor module further includes, but is not limited to at least one ambient light detection sensor and at least one content theft deterrent device. A motor vehicle is also provided with such a sensor module.
Claims 1. A sensor module for use in a passenger compartment of a motor vehicle comprising: a circuit board; a passenger compartment temperature sensor; a solar irradiation detection sensor; and an ambient light detection sensor and a content theft deterrent device. 2. The sensor module according to claim 1, wherein the content theft deterrent device is a light emitter. 3. The sensor module according to claim 1, further comprises a housing that is at least partially transparent for visible light. 4. The sensor module according to claim 1, further comprising a housing that is at least partially transparent for infrared light. 5. The sensor module according to claim 1, further comprising at least two solar irradiation detection sensors that are separated by a wall. 6. The sensor module according to claim 5, wherein said wall is protruding from said circuit board. 7. The sensor module according to claim 1, further comprising a controller for alternately activating the content theft deterrent device and said ambient light detection sensor. 8. The sensor module according to claim 1, wherein said passenger compartment temperature sensor is arranged on said circuit board. 9. The sensor module according to any one of claim 7, wherein said sensor module is placed in a specific mounting direction in said motor vehicle and said circuit board is arranged with a narrow side toward a driving direction and a vertical axis of the motor vehicle in mounted position of said sensor module. 10. The sensor module according to claim 7, wherein said sensor module comprises at least two ambient light detection sensors, wherein said at least two ambient light detection sensors are mounted on opposite sides of said circuit board. 11. The sensor module according to claim 7, wherein three solar irradiation detection sensors are arranged on said circuit board, wherein two of said solar irradiation detection sensors are arranged on one broad side of said circuit board and separated by a wall protruding from said circuit board, wherein a remaining solar irradiation detection sensor is arranged on an opposite broad side of said circuit board. 12. The sensor module according to claim 1, wherein said sensor module has a specific mounting direction in said motor vehicle wherein said content theft deterrent device is arranged in a rear area with respect to a driving direction of said motor vehicle. 