A system and method for monitoring a lifting device is disclosed. The method receives location information from a position determiner module coupled with a point of interest associated with the lifting device and determines an autonomous position of the point of interest based on the location information. The method further includes accessing position information associated with a jobsite object and monitoring the lifting device based on the autonomous position of the point of interest and based on the position information of the jobsite object to prevent collision.
Claims 1. A method for monitoring a lifting device with respect to a jobsite object comprising: receiving location information from a first position determiner module coupled to a first point of interest associated with said lifting device; determining an autonomous position of said first point of interest based on said location information; accessing an autonomous position of a jobsite object proximate said lifting device; and monitoring said lifting device based on comparing said autonomous position of said first point of interest to said autonomous position of said jobsite object. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising: determining said autonomous position of said jobsite object by receiving location information from a second position determiner proximate said jobsite object. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein said location information from said second position determiner proximate said jobsite object is received wirelessly. 4. The method of claim 2 wherein said second position determiner is physically coupled with said jobsite object. 5. The method of claim 2 wherein said second position determiner is a handheld device. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein said position determiner is substantially compatible with a GNSS (Global Navigation Satellite System). 7. The method of claim 1 wherein said autonomous positions comprises location information in at least three dimensions. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein said first position determiner is pivotally coupled to said first point of interest. 9. The method as described in claim 1 further comprising: providing power to said first position determiner from a power source coupled to said lifting device. 10. The method of claim 9 wherein said power source comprises a solar power generation module. 11. The method of claim 9 wherein said power source generates said power from motion associated with said lifting device. 12. The method of claim 1 wherein said autonomous positions are precise to less than ten centimeters of error. 13. The method of claim 1 wherein said first or second position determiners do not comprise moving parts. 14. The method of claim 1 wherein said autonomous position of said first point of interest is not extrapolated from a position of another component of said lifting device. 15. The method of claim 1 wherein said position determiner module comprises an inertia monitor module. 16. The method of claim 1 further comprising: determining said autonomous position of said jobsite object based on said autonomous position of said first point of interest. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein said autonomous position of said jobsite object is determined by measuring a distance between said first point of interest and said jobsite object. 18. The method of claim 16 wherein said distance between said first point of interest and said jobsite object is measured optically. 19. The method of claim 16 wherein said distance between said first point of interest and said jobsite object is measured sonically. 20. The method as described in claim 1 wherein said lifting device is a crane. 21. The method as described in claim 1 further comprising: receiving an image from an image capturing module coupled to said point of interest. 22. A system for monitoring a lifting device with respect to a jobsite object comprising: a location receiver module for receiving location information from a position determiner module coupled to a first point of interest on said lifting device, said location information indicating an autonomous position of said first point of interest; a jobsite object position receiver for receiving location information associated with one or more jobsite objects; and a lifting device monitoring module for monitoring said lifting device based on said autonomous position of said first point of interest and based on said location information associated with said one or more jobsite objects. 23. The system of claim 22 wherein said position determiner is substantially compatible with a GNSS (Global Navigation Satellite System). 24. The system of claim 22 wherein said autonomous position comprises location information in at least three dimensions. 25. The system of claim 22 wherein said position determiner is pivotally coupled to said first point of interest. 26. The system as described in claim 22 further comprising: a power source electrically coupled to said position determiner and physically coupled to said lifting device. 27. The system of claim 26 wherein said power source comprises a solar power generation module. 28. The system of claim 26 wherein said power source generates said power from motion associated with said lifting device. 29. The system of claim 22 wherein said autonomous position is precise to less than ten centimeters of error. 30. The system of claim 22 wherein said position determiner does not comprise moving parts. 31. The system of claim 22 wherein said autonomous position of said first point of interest is not extrapolated from a position of another component of said lifting device. 32. The system of claim 22 wherein said location information is received by said location receiver module wirelessly from said position determiner. 33. The system of claim 22 wherein said position determiner module comprises an inertia monitor module. 34. The system of claim 22 further comprising: a distance determiner for determining said autonomous position of said jobsite object based on said autonomous position of said first point of interest. 35. The system of claim 34 wherein said autonomous position of said jobsite object is determined by measuring a distance between said first point of interest and said second point of interest. 36. The system of claim 34 wherein said distance between said first point of interest and said jobsite object is measured optically. 37. The system of claim 34 wherein said distance between said first point of interest and said jobsite object is measured sonically. 38. The system of claim 22 wherein said lifting device is a crane. 39. The system of claim 1 further comprising: an image receiver for receiving an image from an image capturing module coupled to said point of interest. 40. The system of claim 22 further comprising: a jobsite object position reporting device for reporting said location information associated with said one or more jobsite objects to said lifting device monitoring module. 41. The system of claim 22 wherein said jobsite object position reporting device is a handheld device. 42. The system of claim 22 wherein said jobsite object position reporting device is physically coupled to said one or more jobsite objects. 43. A method for improving utilization of a lifting device comprising: accessing location information associated with one or more jobsite objects; determining at least one preferred movement of a first point of interest of said lifting device for moving one of said jobsite objects from a first point to a second point based on said location information associated with said one or more jobsite objects; receiving location information from a position determiner module coupled to said first point of interest; determining an autonomous position of said first point of interest based on said location information; and monitoring said autonomous position of said first point of interest with respect to said preferred movement. 44. The method of claim 43 wherein said preferred movement prevents said lifting device from contacting one or more jobsite objects. 45. The method of claim 43 further comprising: determining a difference between said autonomous position of said first point of interest and said preferred movement. 46. The method of claim 45 further comprising: providing control information to said lifting device such that said control information indicates a relationship between said preferred movement and said autonomous position of said first point of interest. 47. The method of claim 43 wherein said preferred movement minimizes the time it takes to move said jobsite object from said first point to said second point. 48. The method of claim 43 wherein said preferred movement prevents said first point of interest from entering a pre-defined space. 49. The method of claim 43 wherein said preferred movement prevents said first point of interest from entering a pre-defined space at a pre-determined time. 50. The method of claim 43 wherein said position determiner is substantially compatible with a GNSS (Global Navigation Satellite System). 51. The method of claim 43 wherein said autonomous position comprises location information in at least three dimensions. 52. A method for preventing collisions between a lifting device and jobsite objects comprising: receiving location information from a position determiner module coupled to a first point of interest associated with said lifting device; determining an autonomous position of said first point of interest based on said location information; receiving position information associated with at least one jobsite object; monitoring said lifting device based on said autonomous position of said first point of interest and based on said information associated with said at least one jobsite object by comparing said autonomous position of said first point of interest to said location information associated with said at least one jobsite object to prevent said lifting device from colliding with said jobsite object. 53. The method claim 52 further comprising: generating a warning in response to said autonomous position of said first point of interest is within a threshold distance of said jobsite object. 54. The method claim 52 further comprising: generating a warning in response to said autonomous position of said first point of interest is within a threshold distance of said jobsite object within a time boundary. 55. The method of claim 52 wherein said location information associated with said jobsite object includes a threshold safety distance. 56. The method of claim 52 wherein said position determiner is substantially compatible with a GNSS (Global Navigation Satellite System). 57. The method of claim 52 wherein said autonomous position comprises location information in at least three dimensions. 