A process for selectively freeing an epitaxial layer from a single crystal substrate upon which it was grown, by providing a first substrate; depositing a separation layer on said first substrate; depositing on said separation layer a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell; mounting and bonding a surrogate substrate on top of the sequence of layers; attaching a connecting link element to at least two opposed points on the periphery of the surrogate substrate; and etching said separation layer while applying tension to said link element so as to remove said epitaxial layer from said first substrate.
Claims 1. A process for selectively freeing an epitaxial layer from a single crystal substrate upon which it was grown, comprising: providing a first substrate; depositing a separation layer on said first substrate; depositing on said separation layer a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell; mounting and bonding a surrogate substrate on top of the sequence of layers; attaching a connecting link element to at least two opposed points on the periphery of the surrogate substrate; and etching said separation layer while applying tension to said link element so as to remove said epitaxial layer from said first substrate. 2. A process as defined in claim 1, wherein the tension applied to said link element allows said epitaxial layer and the surrogate substrate to curl upward, permitting the outdiffusion of reaction products of the etching process. 3. A process as defined in claim 1, wherein the first substrate is gallium arsenide. 4. A process as defined in claim 1, wherein said separation layer is approximately 1000 A in thickness. 5. A process as defined in claim 1, wherein said separation layer is composed of GaAlAs. 6. A process as defined in claim 1, wherein said surrogate substrate is composed of a polyimide material. 7. A process as defined in claim 1, wherein the depositing a sequence of layers comprises: forming a first subcell comprising a first semiconductor material with a first band gap and a first lattice constant; forming a second subcell comprising a second semiconductor material with a second band gap and a second lattice constant, wherein the second band gap is less than the first band gap and the second lattice constant is greater than the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant; and forming a lattice constant transition material positioned between the first subcell and the second subcell, said lattice constant transition material having a lattice constant that changes gradually from the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant. 8. A process as defined in claim 7, wherein said transition material is composed of any of the As P, N, Sb based II-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the first subcell and less than or equal to that of the second subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the second subcell, and the band gap of the transition material remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV throughout its thickness. 9. A process as defined in claim 7, wherein said transition material is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAl.sub.1-yAs with x and y selected such that the band gap of each interlayer remains constant throughout its thickness. 10. A process as defined in claim 7, wherein said first subcell is composed of an GaInP, GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and an InGaP, GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region, and the second subcell is composed of an InGaP emitter layer and a GaAs or GaInAs base layer. 11. A process as defined in claim 1, wherein depositing a sequence of layers comprises: forming an upper first solar subcell on said first substrate having a first band gap; forming a middle second solar subcell over said first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a graded interlayer over said second solar cell; and forming a lower third solar subcell over said graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell. 12. A process as defined in claim 11, wherein the upper subcell is composed of InGa(Al)P. 13. The method as defined in claim 11, wherein the middle subcell is composed of an GaAs, GaInP, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and a GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 14. The method as defined in claim 11, wherein the lower solar subcell is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter layer, or a InGaAs base layer and a InGaP emitter layer. 15. The method as defined as claim 11, wherein the graded interlayer is compositionally graded to lattice match the middle subcell on one side and the lower subcell on the other side, and is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAl.sub.1-yAs with x and y selected such that the band gap of the interlayer remains constant throughout its thickness and greater than said second band gap. 16. The method as defined in claim 15, wherein the graded interlayer has approximately a 1.5 eV band gap throughout its thickness. 17. The method as defined in claim 11, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the second solar cell and less than or equal to that of the second solar cell and less than or equal to that of the third solar cell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the second solar cell. 18. A process for selectively freeing an epitaxial layer from a single crystal substrate upon which it was grown, comprising: providing a first substrate; depositing a separation layer on said first substrate; depositing on said separation layer a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell; mounting and bonding a surrogate substrate on top of the sequence of layers; and etching said separation layer while applying an agitating action to the etchant solution so as to remove said epitaxial layer from said first substrate. 19. A process as defined in claim 18, wherein the agitating action allows said epitaxial layer and the surrogate substrate to curl upward, permitting the outdiffusion of reaction products of the etching process. 