Embodiments of the invention include systems and methods for analyzing reporting data. According to one embodiment a system for analyzing reporting data is provided. The system can include at least one communication interface, at least one memory operable to store instructions, and at least one processor in communication with the communication interface and the memory. The processor can execute the instructions to: extract historical data associated with the operation of at least one machine; generate an output of an analytical report based on the historical data; automatically identify an indication of at least one machine status by processing the output of the analytical report with respect to at least one trigger condition associated with the indication of the machine status; and generate an alarm in response to automatically identifying the indication of the machine status.
Claims 1. A method for analyzing reporting data, comprising: receiving data associated with the operation of at least one machine; storing the data as historical data; defining at least one analytical report for identifying at least one machine status of the at least one machine; generating an output of the at least one analytical report based on the historical data; defining at least one trigger condition for identifying an indication of the at least one machine status in the output of the at least one analytical report; automatically processing the output of the at least one analytical report with respect to the at least one trigger condition; automatically identifying the indication of the at least one machine status based at least in part on automatically processing the output of the at least one analytical report with respect to the at least one trigger condition; and performing at least one resulting action in response to automatically identifying the indication of the at least one machine status. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least one resulting action comprises an alarm, and further comprising transmitting the alarm to one of: an operator; or a controller associated with the at least one machine. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least one resulting action comprises at least one of: an alarm; a control action to a controller associated with the at least one machine; storing data associated with the at least one machine status; or generating at least one additional report based at least in part on the indication of the at least one machine status. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least one machine comprises one of: at least one wind turbine; at least one wind turbine farm; at least one fleet of wind turbines; a plurality of wind turbines associated with at least one area; at least one hydroelectric turbine; at least one generator; at least one motor; or at least one solar panel. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein receiving data associated with operation of at least one machine comprises receiving at least one of: real power production; reactive power production; wind speed; energy subtotal; total energy gathered; generator rotational speed; generator temperature; gearbox temperature; ambient temperature; wind direction; power factor phase voltage and phase current for each phase; production time; vertical wind speed; horizontal wind speed; wind direction; wind temperature; air pressure; a data quality indication; a data coverage indication; a turbine state indication; a turbine component state indication; a fault; or a user action. 6. The method of claim 1, defining at least one analytical report comprises defining at least one of: a power curve report; a data coverage report; a fault report; a data quality report; a counter quality report; or a parameter report. 7. The method of claim 1, the at least one trigger condition comprises at least one of: a data coverage threshold violation; a fault; a data range violation; a counter reset; a variable range violation; a variable threshold violation; or an unexpected parameter setting. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein automatically processing the at least one analytical report, automatically identifying the indication of the at least one machine status, and performing the at least one resulting action are performed periodically at predetermined times. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein automatically processing the output of the at least one analytical report, automatically identifying the indication of the at least one machine status, and performing the at least one resulting action are performed in response to detecting a predetermined event. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein the predetermined event is detected by performing condition based monitoring of the at least one machine. 11. The method of claim 1, further comprising altering an output of the at least one analytical report to identify the at least one trigger condition in the output. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least one analytical report comprises a data quality report that indicates an amount of data samples stored as the historical data relative to an expected amount of data samples during a predetermined period of time, and wherein the at least one trigger condition comprises a threshold value which indicates unacceptable data quality when not satisfied. 13. A system for analyzing reporting data, comprising: at least one communication interface; at least one memory operable to store instructions; and at least one processor in communication with the at least one communication interface and the at least one memory, and operable to execute the instructions to: receive data associated with the operation of at least one machine via the at least one communication interface; store the data as historical data in the memory; define at least one analytical report for identifying at least one machine status of the at least one machine; generate an output of the at least one analytical report based on the historical data; define at least one trigger condition for identifying an indication of the at least one machine status in the output of the at least one analytical report; automatically process the output of the at least one analytical report with respect to the at least one trigger condition; automatically identify the indication of the at least one machine status based at least in part on automatically processing the output of the at least one analytical report with respect to the at least one trigger condition; and perform at least one resulting action in response to automatically identifying the indication of the at least one machine status. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the at least one resulting action comprises at least one of: an alarm; a control action to a controller associated with the at least one machine; storing data associated with the at least one machine status; or generating at least one additional report based at least in part on the indication of the at least one machine status. 15. The system of claim 13, wherein the at least one machine comprises one of: at least one wind turbine; at least one wind turbine farm; at least one fleet of wind turbines; a plurality of wind turbines associated with at least one area; at least one hydroelectric turbine; at least one generator; at least one motor; or at least one solar panel. 16. The system of claim 13, wherein the at least one analytical report comprises at least one of: a power curve report; a data coverage report; a fault report; a data quality report; a counter quality report; or a parameter report. 17. The system of claim 13, the at least one trigger condition comprises at least one of: a data coverage threshold violation; a fault; a data range violation; a counter reset; a variable range violation; a variable threshold violation; or an unexpected parameter setting. 18. The system of claim 13, wherein the at least one processor is further operable to execute the instructions to alter an output of the at least one analytical report to identify the at least one trigger condition in the output. 19. The system of claim 13, wherein the at least one analytical report comprises a data quality report that indicates an amount of data samples stored as the historical data relative to an expected amount of data samples during a predetermined period of time, and wherein the at least one trigger condition comprises a threshold value which indicates unacceptable data quality when not satisfied. 20. A system for analyzing reporting data, comprising: at least one communication interface; at least one memory operable to store instructions; and at least one processor in communication with the at least one communication interface and the at least one memory, and operable to execute the instructions to: extract historical data associated with the operation of at least one machine; generate an output of an analytical report based on the historical data; automatically identify an indication of at least one machine status by processing the output of the analytical report with respect to at least one trigger condition associated with the indication of the at least one machine status; and generate an alarm in response to automatically identifying the indication of the at least one machine status. 