The present invention is directed to tamper detection, memorization, and indication for packaging. A method in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention includes: detecting when the package is opened and closed; and generating an alarm if the package is opened more than once after it is initially closed to indicate that the package has been tampered with.
Claims 1. A method for tamper detection of a package, comprising: detecting when the package is opened and closed; and generating an alarm if the package is opened more than once after it is initially closed to indicate that the package has been tampered with. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein detecting when the package is opened further comprises: detecting light entering the package. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein detecting light entering the package further comprises: detecting a presence or absence of light using a light detecting system; setting a state of an electronic circuit based on the presence or absence of light; and storing the state of the electronic circuit. 4. The method of claim 3, further comprising: detecting a presence or absence of light using a photovoltaic cell; and generating a visible alarm, using a light emitting diode (LED), if the package is opened more than once after it is initially closed. 5. The method of claim 3, wherein setting a state of an electronic circuit based on the presence or absence of light further comprises: setting the state to active in response to an initial closing of the package; updating the state from active to monitor after the package is initially closed; and updating the state from monitor to 1.sup.st open detected upon a first opening of the package. 6. The method of claim 5, further comprising: updating the state from 1.sup.st open detected to tamper detected upon a second opening of the package. 7. A system for tamper detection of a package, comprising: a light detecting system for detecting when the package is opened; and a system for generating an alarm if the package is opened more than once after it is initially closed to indicate that the package has been tampered with. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the light detecting system further comprises a photovoltaic cell, and wherein the system for generating an alarm further comprises: an electronic circuit coupled to the photovoltaic cell; a light emitting diode (LED) coupled to the electronic circuit for generating a visual alarm; a capacitor coupled to the photovoltaic cell and the electronic circuit for temporarily powering the electronic circuit when the package is closed; and a radio frequency identification (RFID) tag coupled to the electronic circuit for setting a state of the electronic circuit. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the electronic circuit further comprises: a state machine for setting a state of the electronic circuit based on the presence or absence of light as detected by the photovoltaic cell; and a permanent memory for storing the state of the state machine. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein setting a state of an electronic circuit based on the presence or absence of light detected by the photovoltaic cell further comprises: setting the state to active in response to an initial closing of the package; updating the state from active to monitor via the RFID tag after the package is initially closed; and updating the state from monitor to 1.sup.st open detected upon a first opening of the package. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein setting a state of an electronic circuit based on the presence or absence of light detected by the photovoltaic cell further comprises: updating the state from 1.sup.st open detected to tamper detected upon a second opening of the package. 12. A package, comprising: a light detecting system for detecting when the package is opened; and a system for generating an alarm if the package is opened more than once after it is initially closed to indicate that the package has been tampered with; wherein the light detecting system and the system for generating an alarm are embedded into a material forming the package. 13. The package of claim 12, wherein the light detecting system further comprises a photovoltaic cell, and wherein the system for generating an alarm further comprises: an electronic circuit coupled to the photovoltaic cell; a light emitting diode (LED) coupled to the electronic circuit for generating a visual alarm; a capacitor coupled to the photovoltaic cell and the electronic circuit for temporarily powering the electronic circuit when the package is closed; and a radio frequency identification (RFID) tag coupled to the electronic circuit for setting a state of the electronic circuit; wherein only the photovoltaic cell and the LED are visible within the package. 