Disclosed is a Hybrid Energy Storage System capable of increasing the energy recovery, lowering the environmental impact of CO2 release, decreasing the environmental impact of noise and visual pollution, simplifying the machine design and construction, smoothing the load on the mechanical system, and decreasing the material, design, and implementation costs. The System will store the needed energy in a battery-capacitor system, feed the energy to an electric motor during the high load portion of the load cycle, and retrieve electrical energy during the low load portion of the cycle. Sensor and switching systems will connect and disconnect the electric generator and electric motor systems at the appropriate parts of the cycle. Energy losses will be made up by solar panels, a wind generator, a gas engine, or connection to the electric grid. The System will save energy, lower costs of insulation and operation, and decrease the environment impacts.
Claims 1. A Hybrid Energy Saving System comprising: an energy storage system made up of a battery or a battery-capacitor system to supply energy (electric); an electric motor to supply mechanical power (use energy) during the high load part of the cycle; an electric generator to retrieve the waste mechanical energy in the form of electrical energy and send the electrical energy to the battery during the low load part of the cycle; a system for switching the electric motor on and off and switching the electric generator off or on at the correct phases of the high load-low load cycle; an alternative electrical energy source such as solar or wind electric energy generating system, a gas electric energy generating system, or the electric grid to make up for the energy losses of the system. 2. A Hybrid Energy Saving System according to claim 1 which operates on an intermittent cycle. 3. A Hybrid Energy Saving System according to claim 1 which decreases the amount of carbon dioxide released to the environment during the operation of the high load-low load machine. 4. A Hybrid Energy Saving System according to claim 1 which minimizes the impact of noise to the surrounding environment. 5. A Hybrid Energy Saving System according to claim 1 which modifies the counter balance system to save materials, design and insulation costs while maximizing the energy return from the Hybrid Energy Saving System. 6. A Hybrid Energy Saving System according to claim 1 which will operate continuously for long periods of time without monitoring. 7. A Hybrid Energy Saving System according to claim 1 which will operate intermittently. 8. A Hybrid Energy Saving System according to claim 1 that is connected to any of the existing pump designs by belts, pulleys, cables, chains axles, pistons, cylinders, or other means which transfer mechanical energy. 9. A Hybrid Energy Saving System according to claim 1 which saves energy by reusing much of the energy stored within the system. 10. A Hybrid Energy Saving System according to claim 1 which has a sophisticated array of sensors to detect and change the operation of the system as it cycles through the high load to low load parts of the cycle. 11. A Hybrid Energy Saving System according to claim 1 which has a control system which controls the functions of the electric motor and the generator. 12. A Hybrid Energy Saving System according to claim 1 which has clutches, gears, belts, chains to engage and disengage the electric motor and the electric generator. 13. A Hybrid Energy Saving system according to claim 1 which switches the energy flow back and forth supplying mechanical energy to the pump system from the battery-electric motor part of the system and retrieving waste mechanical energy from the pump system through the use of the electric generator-battery part of the system as the machine progresses through it's cycle. 14. Hybrid Energy Saving System according to claim 1 which uses an alternative electrical energy source such as solar or wind electric energy generating systems, a gas, natural gas, or diesel electric energy generating system, or the electric grid to make up for the energy losses of the system. 15. Hybrid Energy Saving System according to claim 1 which modifies the well pump energy system to make the well pump system more visually aesthetic. 16. A method of extracting energy from a high load-low load mechanical device to generate electrical energy comprising the steps of: extracting the waste mechanical energy during the low load part of the cycle with a generator; sending the electrical energy to a storage device; switching the electric motor on and off to use the stored energy; switching the electric generator on and off to retrieve the waste mechanical energy; directing the switching of the electrical motor and the generator on and off with a sensor system; employing an alternative electrical energy source such as solar, wind, gas, natural gas, diesel electric engine or the electric grid to make up for the energy losses in the system. 17. A method of extracting energy according to claim 16 which decreases the amount of carbon dioxide released to the environment during the operation of the high load-low load machine. 18. A method of extracting energy according to claim 16 which collects the waste energy on an intermittent cycle. 19. A method of extracting energy according to claim 16 which decreases the amount of noise to the surrounding environment. 20. A method of extracting energy according to claim 16 which collects waste energy over a long period of time without being monitored. 21. A method of extracting energy according to claim 16 which increases the amount of waste energy collected through the optimization of the counter balance system. 22. A method of extracting energy according to claim 16 which increases the amount of waste energy collected by minimizing the energy losses from the existing pump designs by belts, pulleys, cables, chains, axles, pistons, cylinders, or other means which transfer mechanical energy. 23. A method of extracting energy according to claim 16 which maximizes the collection and distribution of waste energy using a sophisticated array of sensors to detect and change the operation of the system as it cycles through the high load to low load parts of the cycle. 24. A method of extracting energy according to claim 16 which maximizes the collection and distribution of waste energy using a control system which controls the functions of the electric motor and the generator. 25. A method of extracting energy according to claim 16 which maximizes the collection and distribution of energy through the optimization of the clutches, gears, belts, chains which engage and disengage the electric motor and the electric generator. 26. A method of extracting energy according to claim 16 which maximizes the collection and distribution of energy through the optimization of the energy flow to the pump system from the battery-electric motor part of the system and retrieving waste mechanical energy from the pump system through the use of the electric generator-battery part of the system as the machine progresses through it's cycle. 27. A method of minimizing the amount of additional electric energy needed to be supplied to the system to make up for energy losses according to claim 16 which minimizes collection and distribution from a solar or wind electric energy generating system, a gas natural gas or diesel electric energy generating system, or the electric grid. 28. A method of extracting energy according to claim 16 which allows feedback to the design and construction of the well energy system to make the well pump system more visually aesthetic. 