A chemical detection system includes detectors connected to a pump via a filter and hosing. The filter prevents the interior of the pump from internal contamination from a chemical or toxic agent. The airflow through the detector may be varied by an adjustable orifice. A pistol grip for holding the system and operating it is balanced with respect to a center of gravity.
Claims 1. A one-hand operated, ergonomic, gravity balanced upright self standing system for simultaneous qualitative and quantitative air sampling of at least an individual analyte, said system comprising: at least one individual sampling device that performs an analysis of an air sample to determine the presence of an analyte in the air sample; a removably affixing holder for holding the at least one individual sampling device; an upright holding means connected to said removably affixing holder; a plurality of preset adjustable restriction orifices, one of said preset adjustable restriction orifices controlling a preset air flow through the at least one individual sampling device and connected thereto; an in-line decontamination filtration connected in series to said at least one individual sampling device; means for moving air through said at least one individual sampling device in series with the preset adjustable restriction orifices and engageable with said upright holding means; a nipple that quickly couples the at least one individual sampling device to said means for moving air through said at least one individual sampling device; and, means for controlling and recording preset predefined air volume and air flow rate drawn through said system. 2. The system according to claim 1 wherein said removably affixing holder further comprises: a snap-in mechanism comprising sockets for holding the at least one individual sampling device on said removably affixing holder: and a means for protecting a user's hands from sharp edges of an opened individual sampling device and connected to said removably affixing holder. 3. The system according to claim 1 further comprises: means for opening said at least one individual sampling device; and, means for crushing ampoules. 4. The system according to claim 1 wherein said means of holding said system in an upright position further comprises: a threaded bayonet fitting that engages said means for moving air through said at least one individual sampling device; and, a pistol grip handle. 5. The system according to claim 1 wherein said said removable affixing holder comprises a socket for holding the at least one individual sampling device. 6. The system according to claim 1 wherein said means for moving air through said at least one individual sampling device comprises: a pump selected from a group consisting of an electric pump, Venturi pump assembly or hand piston pump; and, a complementary pair of quick locking connectors that quickly connect and disconnect a suction flow to the plurality of preset adjustable restriction orifices through the at least one individual sampling device. 7. The system according to claim 6 wherein said electric pump further comprises: an adjustable airflow; an adjustable input for varying a sampling parameter; exit port inside the pump housing for creating a positive pressure to prevent contaminants from entering the pump; a shielded exhaust to prevent water from entering the pump; means for charging a power source connected to the pump and selected from a group consisting of alternating current, direct current, solar and manual cranking energy supplies; means for estimating percentage of life service and remaining run time of said power source; a digital imaging system to take pictures of sampling devices after sampling and comparing a result to stored data; preset sampling parameters including air flow, air volume, back pressure, run time; preset programmable one button operation; a digital display; a failure indicator for air flow rate, air volume and run time; means for measuring and recording ambient temperature, humidity and pressure and automatically compensating adjusted or preset sampling parameters; means for communicating programmable sampling parameters from a remote location to said system; and, means for recording a part number, lot numbers, expiration dates, and serial numbers of said individual sampling device or plurality of sampling devices and automatically notify user and manufacturer. 8. The system according to claim 1 further comprising: a threaded bayonet fitting that holds said system in an upright position; and, an L-shaped member having a first and second end, wherein one or both the first and second ends include threaded fittings. 9. The system according to claim 1 further comprising: a flat bar having different shaped orifices, each orifice having a dial-in design. 10. The system according to claim 1 wherein said individual analyte or plurality of analytes include but not limited to warfare agents and indoor air pollutants. 11. The system according to claim 1 wherein said at least one individual sampling device further comprises: an individual sampling device selected from a group consisting of direct read, length of stain quantitative and semi quantitative colorimetric detector tubes, sorption tubes, filters housing, and impingers; printed part numbers and lot numbers for visual and digital recognition; and, after-use caps for proper disposal wherein an inside diameter of the individual sampling device ranges between 2.0 mm to 4.8 mm. 12. The system according to claim 1 wherein said at least one individual sampling device further comprises: a plurality of two to five sampling devices. 13. The system according to claim 7 wherein said adjustable sampling parameters include air flow, air volume, back pressure, run time and consists of: flow rates in the range of 0.5 L/min to 5.0 L/min for a second sampling device, flow rates in the range of 0.75 L/min to 7.50 L/min for a third sampling device, flow rates in the range of 1.0 L/min to 10.0 L/min for a fourth sampling device, flow rates in the range of 1.2 L/min to 12.0 L/min for a fifth sampling device; air volumes in the range of 1.5 L to 15 L for a sampling device, air volumes in the range of 2 to 25 L for a sampling device, air volumes in the range of 2.5 L to 40 L for a sampling device, air volumes in the range of 3 L to 30 L for a sampling device; back pressures in the range of 60'' water to 20'' water for a sampling device, back pressures in the range of 55'' water to 15'' water for a sampling device, back pressures in the range of 50'' water to 10'' water for a sampling device, back pressures in the range of 48'' water to 7'' water for a sampling device; run times in the range of 1 minute to 5 minutes for a sampling device, run times in the range of 1 minute to 5 minutes for a sampling device, run times in the range of 2 minutes to 7 minutes for a sampling device, run times in the range of 2.5 minutes to 10 minutes for a sampling device. 14. The system according to claim 13 wherein back pressure further comprises the same value for all sampling devices. 15. The system according to claim 1 wherein each of the plurality of adjustable orifices further comprises: an individual unique shape and size to avoid wrong placement of the at least one individual sampling device in the proper position. 16. The system according to claim 1 wherein said in-line decontamination filtration further comprises: an end of service life indicator; and, after use caps for proper disposal. 17. A chemical monitoring and detection system comprising: a holder for holding a removable sacrificial sampling device; at least one removable sacrificial sampling device that analyses an air sample and indicates the presence of an analyte; a pump connected to the removable sacrificial sampling device and for drawing an airflow there through; a filter connected between said sampling device and the pump and for preventing the pump from becoming internally contaminated; and, an adjustable restricting orifice for adjusting an amount of air flowing through said at least one removable sacrificial sampling device. 18. The chemical monitoring and detection system of claim 17 further wherein said filter prevents internal contamination of the pump from chemical warfare agents. 19. The chemical monitoring and detection system of claim 17 wherein the at least one removable sacrificial sampling device includes a plurality of sacrificial sampling devices having one or more unique operating characteristic selected from a list of variables consisting of back pressure, air volumes, run times and air flow rates. 20. The chemical monitoring and detection system of claim 17 further comprising: a housing for holding said pump; and, a pistol grip handle connected between said housing and the holder. 