A solar panel and a solar fence incorporating the solar fence. The solar panel has a fluid heating component adapted to absorb solar energy and mounted to a frame assembly. The solar panel may include an auxiliary line to facilitate alternative system configurations and convenient connection of inlet and outlet lines. The solar panel may also include a cover to selectively control the rate at which the fluid is heated. The solar panel may also include panels to provide privacy when the solar panel is incorporated into a solar fence.
Claims 1. A modular solar system comprising: a frame; a solar heat collection system mounted to the frame, the solar heat collection system having at least one fluid storage chamber with a fluid inlet thereto and a fluid outlet therefrom; an inlet line having an inlet port extending from the inlet port through the frame to the fluid inlet of the solar heat collection system; an outlet line having an outlet port extending from the outlet port through the frame to the fluid outlet of the solar heat collection system; and an auxiliary line extending through the frame from a first auxiliary port adjacent the inlet port and a second auxiliary port adjacent the outlet port. 2. A modular solar system according to claim 1, further comprising a return fitting having connectors selectively connectable to the outlet port and the second auxiliary port to provide for fluid flow therebetween such that auxiliary line provides a return path for return of fluid from the outlet port to the first side. 3. The modular solar system according to claim 1, wherein the bottom member further comprises heat insulation material to insulate said inlet, outlet and auxiliary lines. 4. The modular solar system according to claim 1, wherein the bottom member further comprises a heater to selectively heat said inlet, outlet and auxiliary lines. 5. The modular solar system according to claim 1, further comprising: a second frame having a third end and a fourth end opposite the third end; a second solar heat collection system mounted to the second frame, the second solar heat collection system having at least one fluid storage chamber with a second fluid inlet thereto and a second fluid outlet therefrom; a second inlet line having a second inlet port adjacent the third end of the second frame and extending from the second inlet port through the frame to the second fluid inlet of the second solar heat collection system; a second outlet line having a second outlet port adjacent the fourth end of the second frame and extending from the second outlet port through the second frame to the second fluid outlet of the second solar heat collection system; and a second auxiliary line extending through the second frame from a third auxiliary port on the third end of the second frame to a fourth auxiliary port on the fourth end of the second frame; wherein the first mentioned outlet port is adapted to be selectively coupled to the second inlet port to configure the solar heat collection systems in plumbing series with each other. 6. The modular solar system according to claim 5, further comprising a fitting having connectors selectively connectable to the outlet port and the second inlet port to provide for fluid flow therebetween. 7. The modular solar system according to claim 6, further comprising: a fitting having connectors selectively connectable to the second outlet port and the fourth auxiliary port to provide for fluid flow therebetween; and a fitting having connectors selectively connectable to the second auxiliary port and the third auxiliary port to provide for fluid flow therebetween; such that auxiliary line provides a return path for return of fluid from the second outlet port to the first side member. 8. The modular solar system according to claim 5, further comprising: a fitting having connectors selectively connectable to the inlet port and the first auxiliary port to provide for fluid flow therebetween; and a fitting having connectors selectively connectable to the second outlet port and the fourth auxiliary port to provide for fluid flow therebetween; such that auxiliary lines provide separate return paths for return of fluid from the outlet ports to the area near the second post to accommodate a parallel connection of the solar heat collections systems. 9. The modular solar system according to claim 1 wherein the collection unit comprises multiple solar heat collection chambers connected in a plumbing series connection. 10. A modular solar system comprising: a first and a second fence post capable of being installed partially in the ground spaced apart from each other and extending upwardly from the ground; a frame having a top member, a bottom member and a first and second side members each extending between the top member and bottom member; said first and second side members being capable of being mounted respectively to the first and the second fence posts; a solar heat collection system mounted between the top member and the bottom member of the frame, the solar heat collection system comprising at least one solar heat collecting fluid chamber with a fluid inlet thereto and a fluid outlet therefrom; an inlet line having an inlet port adjacent the first side member and extending from the inlet port through the bottom member to the fluid inlet of the solar heat collection system; and an outlet line having an outlet port adjacent the second side member and extending from the outlet port through the frame to the fluid outlet of the solar heat collection system. 11. The modular solar system according to claim 10 further comprising: an auxiliary line having a first auxiliary port adjacent the first side member and a second auxiliary port adjacent the second side member, the auxiliary line extending through the frame from the first auxiliary port to the second auxiliary port; wherein the auxiliary line provides an optional path for return of fluid from the outlet port to the first side member. 12. The modular solar system according to claim 11, further comprising a return fitting having connectors selectively connectable to the outlet port and the second auxiliary port to provide for fluid flow therebetween such that auxiliary line provides a return path for return of fluid from the outlet port to the first side. 13. The modular solar system according to claim 11, wherein the connectors of the return fitting are alternatively selectively connectable to the inlet port and the first auxiliary port to provide for fluid flow therebetween such that auxiliary line provides an intake path for fluid to the inlet port. 14. The modular solar system according to claim 11, further comprising: a third fence post capable of being installed partially in the ground spaced apart from the first and second fence post and extending upwardly from the ground; a second frame having a top member, a bottom member and a third and fourth side members each extending between the top member and bottom member of the second frame; said third and fourth side members being capable of being mounted respectively to the second and the third fence posts; a second solar heat collection system mounted between the top member and the bottom member of the second frame, the second solar heat collection system comprising at least one heat solar heat collecting fluid chamber with a fluid inlet thereto and a fluid outlet therefrom; a second inlet line having a second inlet port adjacent the third side member and extending from the second inlet port through the bottom member of the second frame to the second fluid inlet; a second outlet line having a second outlet port adjacent the fourth side member and extending from the second outlet port through the second frame to the second fluid; and a second auxiliary line having a third auxiliary port adjacent the third side member and a fourth auxiliary port adjacent the fourth side member, the second auxiliary line extending through the second frame from the third auxiliary port to the fourth auxiliary port; wherein the outlet port is adapted to be selectively coupled to the second inlet port to configure the solar heat collection systems in plumbing series with each other, and further wherein said inlet port, said outlet port, said first auxiliary port and said second auxiliary port are each positioned to avoid interference with the first and second fence posts when the frame is attached to the fence posts. 15. The modular solar system according to claim 14, further comprising: a fitting having connectors selectively connectable to the outlet port and the second inlet port to provide for fluid flow therebetween; a fitting having connectors selectively connectable to the second outlet port and the fourth auxiliary port to provide for fluid flow therebetween; and a fitting having connectors selectively connectable to the second auxiliary port and the third auxiliary port to provide for fluid flow therebetween; such that auxiliary line provides a return path for return of fluid from the second outlet port to the first side member. 16. The modular solar system according to claim 14, further comprising: a fitting having connectors selectively connectable to the inlet port and the first auxiliary port to provide for fluid flow therebetween; and a fitting having connectors selectively connectable to the second outlet port and the fourth auxiliary port to provide for fluid flow therebetween; such that auxiliary lines provide separate return paths for return of fluid from the outlet ports to the area near the second post to accommodate a parallel connection of the solar heat collections systems . 17. The modular solar system according to claim 10, wherein fluid is swimming pool water and the inlet line and the outlet line are connected in plumbing series with a swimming pool system having a pump capable of circulating water from the pool to and through the solar heat collection system. 18. The modular solar system according to claim 10, wherein the collection unit comprises multiple solar heat collection chambers connected in a plumbing series connection. 19. The modular solar system according to claim 10 further comprising a plurality of privacy panels each disposed between adjacent solar heat collecting fluid chambers to provide visual privacy through the frame. 20. The modular solar system according to claim 10 further comprising: an auxiliary line having a first auxiliary port adjacent the first side member and a second auxiliary port adjacent the second side member, the auxiliary line extending through the frame from the first auxiliary port to the second auxiliary port; and a return fitting having connectors selectively connectable to the outlet port and the second auxiliary port to provide for fluid flow therebetween such that auxiliary line provides a return path for return of fluid from the outlet port to the first side. 21. The modular solar system according to claim 10, further comprising a cover selectively operable to shield at least a portion of the collector from at least a portion of the incoming solar radiation. 22. The modular solar system according to claim 10, further comprising: a third fence post capable of being installed partially in the ground spaced apart from the first and second fence post and extending upwardly from the ground; and a decorative fence panel mounted between the second and the third fence posts. 23. The modular solar system according to claim 10, wherein the system is adapted to be integrated into the water supply system for a building. 24. The modular solar system according to claim 10, further comprising a shade selectively operable to cover at least a portion of solar collector to selectively reduce the amount of solar radiation reaching the fluid. 25. A modular solar system comprising: a first and a second fence post capable of being installed partially in the ground adjacent each other and extending upwardly; a frame having a top member, a bottom member and a first and second side members each extending between the top member and bottom member; said first and second side members being capable of being mounted respectively to the first and the second fence posts; a solar heat collection system mounted between the top member and the bottom member of the frame, the solar heat collection system comprising a plurality of solar heat collecting water chambers each with a water inlet thereto and a water outlet therefrom, the solar heat collecting water chambers being connected in series; a plurality of privacy panels each disposed between adjacent solar heat collecting water chambers to provide visual privacy through the frame; an inlet line having an inlet port adjacent the first side member and extending from the inlet port through the bottom member to the solar heat collection system to supply water thereto; an outlet line having an outlet port adjacent the second side member and extending from the outlet port through the frame to the solar heat collection system to receive water therefrom; wherein said inlet port and said outlet port are each positioned to avoid interference with the first and second fence posts when the frame is attached to the fence posts; an auxiliary line having a first auxiliary port adjacent the first side member and a second auxiliary port adjacent the second side member, the auxiliary line extending through the frame from the first auxiliary port to the second auxiliary port; and a return fitting having connectors selectively connectable to the outlet port and the second auxiliary port to provide for water flow therebetween such that auxiliary line provides a return path for return of water from the outlet port to the first side. 26. A solar water heating system kit for use in conjunction with fence posts, the kit comprising: at least one solar panel, said solar panel comprising a frame adapted for mounting between two said fence posts, a solar heat collection system mounted to the frame, the solar heat collection system having at least one fluid storage chamber with a fluid inlet thereto and a fluid outlet therefrom, an inlet line having an inlet port extending from the inlet port through the frame to the fluid inlet of the solar heat collection system; an outlet line having an outlet port extending from the outlet port through the frame to the fluid outlet of the solar heat collection system; and an auxiliary line extending through the frame from a first auxiliary port adjacent the inlet port and a second auxiliary port adjacent the outlet port; and a return fitting having connectors selectively connectable to the outlet port and the second auxiliary port to provide for fluid flow therebetween such that auxiliary line provides a return path for return of fluid from the outlet port to the first side. 27. The modular solar system according to claim 26, further comprising a plurality of fence post covers, each fence post cover being adapted to at least partially surround a fence post and the inlet, outlet and auxiliary ports of the system and a plurality of trim caps, each trim cap being adapted to selectively attach to and cover the uppermost portion of a fence post cover. 