A system and method for providing grid connected utility pole distributed solar power generation is disclosed. The system includes a utility pole, an inverter and one or more solar panels. Each of the one or more solar panels is mounted on the utility pole. The method includes receiving solar energy at the one or more solar panels. The one or more solar panels convert the solar energy to direct current (DC) electrical energy. Further, the method includes transmitting the DC electrical energy to the inverter, which is mounted on the utility pole. The inverter can be integrated with one or more solar panels to form an alternating current photovoltaic (AC PV) module. Furthermore, the method includes converting the DC electrical energy to alternating current (AC) electrical energy by the inverter and transmitting the AC electrical energy to a grid for power distribution.
Claims 1. A distributed solar power generation system comprising: a utility pole; one or more solar panels, the one or more solar panels mounted on the utility pole, wherein the one or more solar panels are configured to convert solar energy to direct current (DC) electrical energy; and an inverter mounted on the utility pole, the inverter configured to convert the DC electrical energy converted at the one or more solar panels to alternating current (AC) electrical energy at the utility pole, and wherein the inverter is grid-tied and the generated AC electrical energy is transmitted to a utility grid via the utility pole. 2. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1, wherein the one or more solar panels comprise photovoltaic material. 3. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1, wherein at least one solar panel of the one or more solar panels is supported by a mounting frame. 4. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1, wherein the inverter is supported by a mounting frame. 5. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1, wherein the inverter comprises a controlling circuit to control flow of DC electrical energy from the one or more solar panels to the inverter. 6. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1 further comprising: a monitoring system configured to monitor the performance of at least one of the one or more solar panels; and a control system configured to control the performance of at least one of the one or more solar panels. 7. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1 further comprising a communicator mounted on the utility pole, wherein the communicator comprises: a receiver, the receiver configured to receive a control signal from a control station; and a transmitter configured to transmit a response signal in response to the control signal. 8. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1 further comprising a communicator integrated within the inverter, wherein the communicator comprises: a receiver, the receiver configured to receive a control signal from a control station; and a transmitter configured to transmit a response signal in response to the control signal. 9. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 7, wherein the control signal is used to control performance of the solar power generation system. 10. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1, wherein the inverter is further configured to: produce nonlinear distributed reactive power for power factor correction based on the control signal; and produce nonlinear distributed reactive power to stabilize the AC grid voltage based on the control signal. 11. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1 further comprising a connector configured to: connect the inverter to the grid; and transmit AC electrical energy to the grid. 12. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1 wherein the generated AC electrical energy is selected from single phase and three phase. 13. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1 further comprising a movement tracker, the movement tracker configured to: provide rotation to the one or more solar panels up to 360 degrees about one or more axes of rotation; and provide lateral movement to at least one of the one or more solar panels with respect to the utility pole. 14. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1 further comprising a battery configured to store the DC electrical energy. 15. A distributed solar power generation system comprising: a utility pole; and an alternating current photovoltaic (AC PV) module, the AC PV module mounted on the utility pole, the AC PV module comprising: one or more solar panels; and an integrated inverter, wherein the AC PV module is configured to convert solar energy to alternating current (AC) electrical energy, and the AC PV module is grid-tied and the generated AC electrical energy is transmitted to a utility grid via the utility pole. 16. A distributed solar power flow controller comprising: an alternating current photovoltaic (AC PV) module, the AC PV module comprising: one or more solar panels and; and an integrated inverter, wherein the AC PV module is configured to convert solar energy to alternating current (AC) electrical energy, wherein the inverter is capable of producing active power and non-linear reactive power. 17. The distributed solar power flow controller as recited in claim 16 further comprising a communicator integrated within the AC PV module, wherein the communicator comprises: a receiver, the receiver configured to receive a control signal from a control station; and a transmitter configured to transmit a response signal in response to the control signal 18. The distributed solar power flow controller as recited in claim 16, wherein the AC PV module is further configured to: produce distributed nonlinear reactive power for power factor correction based on the control signal; and produce distributed nonlinear reactive power to stabilize the AC grid voltage based on the control signal. 19. A method for distributed solar power generation, the method comprising the steps of: receiving solar energy by one or more solar panels, wherein the one or more solar panels are mounted on a utility pole, and wherein the one or more solar panels converts the solar energy to direct current (DC) electrical energy; transmitting the DC electrical energy to an inverter, wherein the inverter is mounted on the utility pole; converting the DC electrical energy to alternating current (AC) electrical energy by the inverter; and transmitting the AC electrical energy over a grid for power distribution via the utility pole. 20. The method as recited in claim 19 wherein the utility pole is selected from an electricity pole, light pole, and or telephone pole. 21. The method as recited in claim 19 wherein the generated AC electrical energy is selected from single phase and three phase. 22. The method as recited in claim 19 further comprising monitoring the performance of at least one of the inverter and the one or more solar panels. 23. The method as recited in claim 19 further comprising controlling the performance of at least one of the inverter and the one or more solar panels. 24. The method as recited in claim 19 further comprising: receiving a control signal from a control station; and transmitting a signal to the control station in response to the control signal. 25. The method as recited in claim 24 further comprising: producing distributed real active power for distribution over the grid based on the control signal; producing distributed reactive power for power factor correction based on the control signal; and producing nonlinear power to stabilize AC electrical energy losses by the grid based on the control signal. 26. The method as recited in claim 19 further comprising: providing rotation to the one or more solar panels up to 360 degrees about one or more axes of rotation; and providing lateral movement to the one or more solar panels with respect to the utility pole. 27. The method as recited in claim 26 further comprising tracking movement of the one or more solar panels. 28. A method for distributed solar power generation, the method comprising the steps of: receiving solar energy by one or more solar panels of an alternating current photovoltaic (AC PV) module, wherein the AC PV module is mounted on a utility pole and wherein the AC PV module converts the solar energy into alternating current (AC) electrical energy; and transmitting the AC electrical energy over a grid for power distribution via the utility pole. 29. The method as recited in claim 28, wherein the step of receiving solar energy further comprising the steps of: converting solar energy into DC electrical energy by the one or more solar panels; transmitting the DC electrical energy to an inverter, wherein the inverter is a part of the AC PV module and the inverter is attached to the one or more solar panels; and converting the DC electrical energy to alternating current (AC) electrical energy by the inverter; 