A device for the wire-free determination of a position of a mechanical force-transmitting device, having at least one storage device for storing electrical energy, at least one sensor element which detects the position and is monitored by at least one sensor electronic unit, including at least one radio transmitter, and at least one photovoltaic energy supply device supplying the storage device with electrical energy.
Claims 1. A device for wireless determination of a position of a mechanical force-transmitting device, comprising: at least one storage device for storing electrical energy; at least one sensor element configured to detect the position of the mechanical force-transmitting device; at least one sensor electronic unit configured to monitor the at least one sensor element, the at least one sensor electronic unit comprising at least one radio transmitter; and at least one photovoltaic energy supply device configured to supply the at least one storage device with electrical energy, wherein the device is embedded in a mounting location of a window frame in an immediate vicinity of the mechanical force-transmitting device. 2. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the mounting location is a cavity with a faceplate such that the device is embedded in a concealed fashion therein. 3. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the mechanical force-transmitting device is a window handle arranged on the window frame. 4. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the sensor element is a magnetic field detector. 5. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the sensor element is arranged at an end position of the mechanical force-transmitting device. 6. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein an actuation of the sensor element activates the sensor electronic unit. 7. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein at least one timer circuit is coupled to the storage device and is configured to activate the sensor electronic unit at one of a predetermined time interval and predeterminable time intervals. 8. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the storage device is at least one of an electrical capacitor and an electrochemical accumulator. 9. The device as claimed in claim 2, wherein the mechanical force-transmitting device is a window handle arranged on the window frame. 10. The device of claim 4, wherein the magnetic field detector is a magnet-actuated reed contact. 11. The device as claimed in claim 4, wherein the sensor element is arranged at an end position of the mechanical force-transmitting device. 12. The device as claimed in claim 10, wherein the sensor element is arranged at an end position of the mechanical force-transmitting device. 13. The device as claimed in claim 10, wherein an actuation of the sensor element activates the sensor electronic unit. 14. The device as claimed in claim 10, wherein at least one timer circuit is coupled to the storage device and is configured to activate the sensor electronic unit at one of a predetermined time interval and predeterminable time intervals. 15. The device as claimed in claim 7, wherein the storage device is at least one of an electrical capacitor and an electrochemical accumulator. 