A method in an electronic device for detecting a user input to a key of the electronic device associated with a solar cell that may include an input and an output is provided. The key may be transparent and admit input electromagnetic radiation to the solar cell. A change of input radiation into the solar cell may result in a corresponding change of an output signal of the solar cell. The method may include the step of detecting a change of the output signal corresponding to a change in input radiation as a result of light being blocked from being incident on the key (e.g., shadowed), and the step of indicating an input (i.e., activation) of the key associated with the solar cell with the detected output signal change.
Claims 1-17. (canceled) 18. In an electronic device, a method for detecting a user input of at least one key associated with a solar cell, of the electronic device, having an associated output signal, where a change of input radiation received at the solar cell corresponds to a change in the output signal, the at least one key to transmit input radiation incident upon the at least one key to the solar cell, the method comprising: detecting the change in the output signal corresponding to the change in the transmitted input radiation when the input radiation is prevented from being received at least one key; and indicating, based on the detected output signal change, the user input of the at least one key. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising: monitoring the output signal of the solar cell to enable the detecting of the change in the output signal. 20. The method of claim 19, where the at least one key comprises a plurality of keys, each of the keys being respectively associated to one solar cell of a plurality of solar cells of the electronic device, and the output signals of each of the associated solar cells is individually monitored. 21. The method of claim 18, further comprising: comparing the detected output signal change to a threshold value; and when the threshold value is attained, triggering the indicating the user input of the at least one key. 22. The method of claim 21, where the threshold value comprises a first threshold value when the input radiation is high and a second threshold value when the input radiation is low. 23. The method of claim 18, further comprising: activating, by the electronic device, a response to the indicated user input of the at least one key. 24. The method of claim 23, where the response comprises at least one of playing of a sound, lighting up the at least one key, or the lighting up one or more portions of the display. 25. The method of claim 18, further comprising: illuminating the at least one key using an illumination device of the electronic device to produce the input radiation. 26. The method of claim 18, where the input radiation comprises ambient light. 27. An electronic device comprising: at least one key associated with a display of the electronic device; a solar cell associated with the at least one key, the solar cell having an output signal, where a change of input radiation received at the solar cell corresponds to a change in the output signal, the at least one key to transmit input radiation to the solar cell; and a cell monitoring unit to detect the change of the output signal corresponding to the change in the transmitted input radiation when the input radiation is prevented from being received at the at least one key, and indicate, based on the detected output signal change, a user input of the at least one key. 28. The electronic device of claim 27, where the cell monitoring unit is further to monitor the output signal of the solar cell to enable the detection of the change of the output signal. 28. The electronic device of claim 28, where the at least one key comprises a plurality of keys, each of the plurality of keys being respectively associated to a particular solar cell, and where the cell monitoring unit is further to separately monitor the output signals of each of the particular solar cells. 30. The electronic device of claim 27, where the cell monitoring unit is further to compare the detected output signal change to a threshold value, and when the threshold value is attained, the cell monitoring unit is to trigger the indication of the user input of the at least one key. 31. The electronic device of claim 30, further comprising: an input control unit, the input control unit to activate, based on the indicated key input, an input response in the electronic device. 32. The electronic device of claim 27, further comprising: an illumination unit to illuminate the at least one key with the input radiation when the at least one key is unobstructed. 33. The electronic device of claim 32, where the illumination unit is connected to the cell monitoring unit, and the cell monitoring unit is further to determine when the illumination unit is powered on or powered off. 34. The electronic device of claim 27, where the input radiation comprises ambient light. 35. The electronic device of claim 27, where the solar cell is an infrared solar cell. 36. The electronic device of the claim 27, where the electronic device comprises a wireless device or a radio communication device. 37. The electronic device of claim 27, where the electronic device is powered, using the input radiation, by the solar cell. 