Systems and methods for determining one or more characteristics of a specimen using radiation in the terahertz range are provided. One system includes an illumination subsystem configured to illuminate the specimen with radiation. The system also includes a detection subsystem configured to detect radiation propagating from the specimen in response to illumination of the specimen and to generate output responsive to the detected radiation. The detected radiation includes radiation in the terahertz range. In addition, the system includes a processor configured to determine the one or more characteristics of the specimen using the output.
Claims 1. A system configured to determine one or more characteristics of a specimen, comprising: an illumination subsystem configured to illuminate the specimen with radiation; a detection subsystem configured to detect radiation propagating from the specimen in response to illumination of the specimen and to generate output responsive to the detected radiation, wherein the detected radiation comprises radiation in the terahertz range; and a processor configured to determine the one or more characteristics of the specimen using the output. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the illumination subsystem is further configured to illuminate the specimen with radiation in the ultraviolet range. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the illumination subsystem is further configured to illuminate the specimen with radiation in the terahertz range. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the illumination subsystem is further configured to illuminate the specimen with radiation in the visible range. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the illumination subsystem is further configured to illuminate the specimen with radiation in the infrared range. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the illumination subsystem is further configured such that the radiation that illuminates the specimen does not comprise radiation in the terahertz range. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the detected radiation comprises radiation reflected by the specimen, radiation transmitted by the specimen, radiation scattered by the specimen, or some combination thereof. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the radiation in the terahertz range comprises radiation in a range of about 0.1 terahertz to about 10 terahertz. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the output is further responsive to a wavelength, phase, amplitude, energy, intensity, or some combination thereof of the detected radiation, and wherein the processor is further configured to determine the one or more characteristics of the specimen using the wavelength, phase, amplitude, energy, intensity, or some combination thereof of the detected radiation. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the one or more characteristics comprise the one or more characteristics as a function of position on the specimen. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein the system is further configured to determine the one or more characteristics of the specimen during a process performed on the specimen. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the system is further configured as a metrology system. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein the system is further configured as an inspection system. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein the illumination subsystem comprises an optical element comprising one or more materials configured to have at least some material contrast across the optical element. 15. The system of claim 1, wherein the illumination subsystem comprises an optical element comprising one or more materials configured to have at least some material contrast across the optical element, and wherein the optical element is configured as a photonic crystal optical element. 16. The system of claim 1, wherein the detection subsystem comprises an optical element comprising one or more materials configured to have at least some material contrast across the optical element. 17. The system of claim 1, wherein the detection subsystem comprises an optical element comprising one or more materials configured to have at least some material contrast across the optical element, and wherein the optical element is configured as a photonic crystal optical element. 18. The system of claim 1, wherein the processor is further configured to monitor a process performed on the specimen based on the one or more characteristics of the specimen. 19. The system of claim 1, wherein the processor is further configured to control a process performed on the specimen based on the one or more characteristics of the specimen. 20. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a strained silicon wafer. 21. The system of claim 1, wherein the one or more characteristics comprise strain of the specimen. 22. The system of claim 1, wherein the one or more characteristics comprise local strain of the specimen. 23. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a strained silicon wafer, wherein the illumination subsystem is further configured to illuminate a strained area on the wafer and an unstrained area on the wafer, and wherein the detection subsystem is further configured to combine the radiation propagating from the strained area and the radiation propagating from the unstrained area to produce a beating frequency in the terahertz range and to detect the combined radiation. 24. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a strained material, and wherein the processor is further configured to determine the one or more characteristics of the strained material using the output and output generated by the detection subsystem for a reference strained material. 25. The system of claim 1, wherein the processor is further configured to determine the one or more characteristics of the specimen using the output and results of a calibration performed by the system using an additional specimen comprising strained and unstrained areas. 26. The system of claim 1, wherein the illumination subsystem comprises a probe having a tapered tip and an aperture at an end of the tapered tip through which the radiation is directed to the specimen. 27. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a silicon ingot. 28. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a silicon ingot, and wherein the processor is further configured to monitor a process for manufacturing the silicon ingot based on the one or more characteristics of the silicon ingot. 29. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a silicon ingot, and wherein the processor is further configured to monitor a quality of the silicon ingot during manufacturing of the silicon ingot based on the one or more characteristics of the silicon ingot. 30. The system of claim 1, wherein the one or more characteristics comprise concentration of dopants in the specimen, contaminants and impurities in the specimen, voids, cracks, and other subsurface defects in the specimen, or some combination thereof. 31. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a silicon ingot, wherein the system is further configured to determine the one or more characteristics of the silicon ingot during slicing of the silicon ingot into wafers, and wherein the processor is further configured to determine start and stop points for the slicing during the slicing based on the one or more characteristics of the silicon ingot. 32. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a silicon ingot, and wherein the illumination subsystem is further configured to illuminate the silicon ingot by directing the radiation to a surface of the silicon ingot that is substantially perpendicular to an axis of the silicon ingot. 33. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a silicon ingot, and wherein the illumination subsystem is further configured to illuminate the silicon ingot by directing the radiation to the silicon ingot in a plane of incidence substantially parallel to a radius of the silicon ingot. 34. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a silicon ingot, wherein the one or more characteristics comprise one or more characteristics of contamination in the silicon ingot, and wherein the contamination comprises oxygen contamination, carbon contamination, or some combination thereof. 35. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a silicon ingot, wherein the one or more characteristics comprise one or more characteristics of defects in the silicon ingot, and wherein the defects comprise point defects, line defects, volume defects, or some combination thereof. 36. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a getter layer formed in a silicon wafer, and wherein the one or more characteristics comprise one or more characteristics of defects in the getter layer. 37. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a resist formed on a wafer, and wherein a latent image is formed in the resist. 38. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a resist formed on a wafer, and wherein the resist has been exposed in an exposure process. 39. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a resist formed on a wafer, and wherein the illumination subsystem is further configured to illuminate exposed and unexposed regions of the resist with the radiation. 40. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a resist formed on a wafer, and wherein the one or more characteristics comprise a characteristic of one or more chemical changes in the resist. 41. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a resist formed on a wafer, and wherein the one or more characteristics comprise a characteristic of one or more chemical changes in the resist as a function of position on the wafer. 42. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a resist formed on a wafer, wherein the one or more characteristics comprise a characteristic of one or more chemical changes in the resist, and wherein the processor is further configured to determine one or more variations in exposure of the resist based on the characteristic of the one or more chemical changes in the resist. 43. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a printed circuit board in which vias are formed. 44. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a printed circuit board in which vias are formed, and wherein the one or more characteristics comprise one or more characteristics of defects in the vias. 45. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a printed circuit board in which vias are formed, and wherein the one or more characteristics comprise one or more characteristics of subsurface defects in the vias. 46. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a printed circuit board in which vias are formed, and wherein the one or more characteristics comprise one or more characteristics of defects in the vias as a function of position on the printed circuit board. 47. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a flat panel display. 48. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a flat panel display, and wherein the one or more characteristics comprise one or more characteristics of defects in the flat panel display. 49. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a flat panel display, wherein the system is further configured to apply an electric field across a liquid crystal layer of the flat panel display, wherein the detection subsystem is further configured to detect the radiation before and after the electric field is applied to the liquid crystal layer, wherein the processor is further configured to determine changes in the detected radiation before and after the electric field is applied to the liquid crystal layer, wherein the processor is further configured to determine the one or more characteristics based on the changes, and wherein the one or more characteristics comprise functionality of a flat panel display cell formed by the liquid crystal layer. 50. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a flat panel display, and wherein the one or more characteristics comprise functionality of cells in the flat panel display as a function of position across the flat panel display. 51. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a flat panel display, and wherein the one or more characteristics comprise voltage build-up behavior of a transparent conductive layer formed within pixels of the flat panel display. 52. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a flat panel display, wherein the illumination subsystem is further configured to illuminate the flat panel display using a non-contact technique, and wherein the detection subsystem is further configured to detect the radiation propagating from the flat panel display using a non-contact technique. 53. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a liquid crystal display. 54. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a liquid crystal display, and wherein the one or more characteristics comprise voltage build-up behavior of a transparent conductive layer formed within pixels of the liquid crystal display. 55. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a liquid crystal display, wherein the illumination subsystem is further configured to illuminate the liquid crystal display using a non-contact technique, and wherein the detection subsystem is further configured to detect the radiation propagating from the liquid crystal display using a non-contact technique. 56. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a solar cell panel. 57. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a solar cell panel, and wherein the one or more characteristics comprise carrier concentration in the solar cell panel. 58. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a solar cell panel, and wherein the one or more characteristics comprise carrier lifetime in the solar cell panel. 59. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a solar cell panel, and wherein the one or more characteristics comprise the one or more characteristics as a function of position across the solar cell panel. 60. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a low k dielectric material formed on a substrate. 61. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a low k dielectric material formed on a substrate, and wherein the one or more characteristics comprise one or more characteristics of porosity, delamination, composition of one or more elements in the dielectric material, or some combination thereof. 62. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a low k dielectric material formed on a substrate, and wherein the one or more characteristics comprise the one or more characteristics as a function of position on the low k dielectric material. 63. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a layer of borophosphosilicate glass formed on a substrate. 64. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a layer of borophosphosilicate glass formed on a substrate, and wherein the one or more characteristics comprise concentration of boron in the layer, concentration of phosphorus in the layer, or some combination thereof. 65. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a layer of borophosphosilicate glass formed on a substrate, and wherein the one or more characteristics comprise the one or more characteristics as a function of position on the layer. 66. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises gallium nitride. 67. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises gallium nitride, and wherein the one or more characteristics comprise concentration of the gallium nitride, content distribution of the gallium nitride, or some combination thereof. 68. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises gallium nitride, and wherein the system is further configured to determine the one or more characteristics of the gallium nitride during a process performed for the gallium nitride. 69. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises gallium nitride, and wherein the one or more characteristics comprise the one or more characteristics as a function of position on the gallium nitride. 70. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises gallium nitride, wherein the one or more characteristics comprise the one or more characteristics as a function of position on the gallium nitride, and wherein the processor is further configured to monitor or control a gallium nitride manufacturing process based on the one or more characteristics as the function of the position on the gallium nitride. 71. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a material grown in a substrate during a metal organic chemical vapor deposition process. 72. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a material grown in a substrate during a metal organic chemical vapor deposition process, and wherein the one or more characteristics comprise concentration of the material in the substrate. 73. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a material grown in a substrate during a metal organic chemical vapor deposition process, and wherein the one or more characteristics comprise the one or more characteristics as function of position across the substrate. 74. The system of claim 1, wherein the specimen comprises a material grown in a substrate during a metal organic chemical vapor deposition process, wherein the one or more characteristics comprise the one or more characteristics as a function of position across the substrate, and wherein the processor is further configured to monitor or control the metal organic chemical vapor deposition process based on the one or more characteristics as the function of the position across the substrate. 75. A system configured to determine one or more characteristics of one or more chemical vapors, one or more deposited materials, or some combination thereof in a chamber of a metal organic chemical vapor deposition reactor, comprising: an illumination subsystem configured to illuminate an interior of the chamber of the metal organic chemical vapor deposition reactor with radiation in the terahertz range; a detection subsystem configured to detect radiation propagating from the interior of the chamber in response to illumination of the interior of the chamber and to generate output responsive to the detected radiation, wherein the detected radiation comprises radiation in the terahertz range; and a processor configured to determine one or more characteristics of the one or more chemical vapors, the one or more deposited materials, or some combination thereof in the chamber using the output. 76. The system of claim 75, wherein the one or more characteristics comprise vapor content of the one or more chemical vapors, the one or more deposited materials, or some combination thereof in the chamber. 77. The system of claim 75, wherein the detected radiation comprises reflected radiation, transmitted radiation, scattered radiation, or some combination thereof. 78. The system of claim 75, wherein the output is further responsive to a wavelength, phase, amplitude, energy, intensity, or some combination thereof of the detected radiation, and wherein the processor is further configured to determine the one or more characteristics of the one or more chemical vapors, the one or more deposited materials, or some combination thereof in the chamber using the wavelength, phase, amplitude, energy, intensity, or some combination thereof of the detected radiation. 79. The system of claim 75, wherein the one or more characteristics comprise vapor content of the one or more chemical vapors, the one or more deposited materials, or some combination thereof in the chamber, and wherein the processor is further configured to monitor or control the metal organic chemical vapor deposition process based on the vapor content. 80. A method for determining one or more characteristics of a specimen, comprising: illuminating the specimen with radiation; detecting radiation propagating from the specimen in response to said illuminating to generate output responsive to the detected radiation, wherein the detected radiation comprises radiation in the terahertz range; and determining the one or more characteristics of the specimen using the output. 81. An optical element configured for use in a system configured to determine one or more characteristics of a specimen, wherein the optical element comprises one or more materials configured to have at least some material contrast across the optical element, and wherein the one or more materials are further configured such that the optical element can be used for radiation in the terahertz range. 82. The optical element of claim 81, wherein the optical element is further configured as a waveguide. 83. The optical element of claim 81, wherein the optical element is further configured as a filter. 84. The optical element of claim 81, wherein the optical element is further configured as a beam splitter. 85. The optical element of claim 81, wherein the optical element is further configured as a photonic crystal optical element. 86. The optical element of claim 81, wherein the one or more materials comprise ink printed on a substrate. 87. The optical element of claim 81, wherein the one or more materials comprise a dielectric material. 88. The optical element of claim 81, wherein the one or more materials comprise a semiconductive material. 89. The optical element of claim 81, wherein the one or more materials comprise a metal material. 90. The optical element of claim 81, wherein the one or more materials comprise a plastic material. 91. The optical element of claim 81, wherein the one or more materials comprise a material having openings formed therein, and wherein the openings are filled with air. 92. The optical element of claim 81, wherein the one or more materials comprise a material having openings formed therein, and wherein the openings are filled with a vacuum. 93. The optical element of claim 81, wherein the one or more materials comprise a single material having openings formed therein, and wherein the openings create the material contrast. 94. The optical element of claim 81, wherein the one or more materials form patterned features of the optical element. 95. The optical element of claim 81, wherein the one or more materials form patterned features of the optical element, wherein the one or more materials comprise ink printed on a substrate, and wherein each of the patterned features is formed of multiple spots of the ink. 96. The optical element of claim 81, wherein the one or more materials form patterned features of the optical element, and wherein each of the patterned features has a size of about 10 microns to about 100 microns. 97. The optical element of claim 81, wherein the one or more materials comprise a substrate formed of a plastic material. 98. A system configured to fabricate an optical element, wherein the system comprises a fabrication subsystem configured to create at least some material contrast across the optical element in one or more materials of the optical element to thereby fabricate the optical element, and wherein the one or more materials are configured such that the optical element can be used for radiation in the terahertz range. 99. The system of claim 98, wherein the fabrication subsystem comprises a print head configured to form the one or more materials on a substrate, and wherein the one or more materials comprise ink. 100. The system of claim 98, wherein the fabrication subsystem comprises a lithography system. 101. The system of claim 98, wherein the fabrication subsystem comprises a deposition system. 102. The system of claim 98, wherein the fabrication subsystem comprises an etch system. 103. The system of claim 98, wherein the fabrication subsystem comprises a spin processing system. 104. The system of claim 98, further comprising a computer aided design system configured to generate a design for patterned features of the optical element formed by the one or more materials. 105. The system of claim 98, further comprising a computer aided design system configured to generate a design for patterned features of the optical element formed by the one or more materials and a processor configured to perform one or more electromagnetic calculations to verify the design. 106. The system of claim 98, wherein the optical element is configured as a waveguide. 107. The system of claim 98, wherein the optical element is configured as a filter. 108. The system of claim 98, wherein the optical element is configured as a beam splitter. 109. The system of claim 98, wherein the optical element is configured as a photonic crystal optical element. 110. The system of claim 98, wherein the one or more materials comprise ink printed on a substrate. 111. The system of claim 98, wherein the one or more materials comprise a dielectric material. 112. The system of claim 98, wherein the one or more materials comprise a semiconductive material. 113. The system of claim 98, wherein the one or more materials comprise a metal material. 114. The system of claim 98, wherein the one or more materials comprise a plastic material. 115. The system of claim 98, wherein the one or more materials comprise a material having openings formed therein, and wherein the openings are filled with air. 116. The system of claim 98, wherein the one or more materials comprise a material having openings formed therein, and wherein the openings are filled with a vacuum. 117. The system of claim 98, wherein the one or more materials comprise a single material having openings formed therein, and wherein the openings create the material contrast. 118. The system of claim 98, wherein the one or more materials form patterned features of the optical element. 119. The system of claim 98, wherein the one or more materials form patterned features of the optical element, wherein the one or more materials comprise ink printed on a substrate, and wherein each of the patterned features is formed of multiple spots of the ink. 120. The system of claim 98, wherein the one or more materials form patterned features of the optical element, and wherein each of the patterned features has a size of about 10 microns to about 100 microns. 121. The system of claim 98, wherein the one or more materials comprise a substrate formed of a plastic material. 