A chemical injection system includes a pump in fluid communication with a chemical reservoir and a pipeline; a motor coupled to the pump and adapted to drive the pump to transfer a chemical fluid from the reservoir to the pipeline; a motor controller electrically coupled to a power module and the motor and adapted to adjust a rotational speed of the motor; and a central controller communicably coupled to the motor controller and a remote computing device. The controller includes a translator adapted to receive a signal from the remote computing device in a first communication protocol and translate the signal from the remote computing device to a command in a second communication protocol distinct from the first communication protocol, where the command is operable to adjust the motor controller to adjust the rotational speed of the motor.
Claims 1. A method for controlling a chemical injection system for a hydrocarbon transmission system comprising: providing a chemical injection system comprising: a pump driven by a motor and in fluid communication with a chemical reservoir and the hydrocarbon transmission system, the pump adapted to inject one or more chemical fluids into the hydrocarbon transmission system; a motor controller coupled to the motor and adapted to control operation of the motor; and a controller communicably coupled to the motor controller; receiving an operational command at the chemical injection system in a first communication protocol from a remote computer; translating, at the controller, the operational command at the first communication protocol to an operational command at a second communication protocol different than the first communication protocol; transmitting the operational command at the second communication protocol from the controller to the motor controller; and adjusting the motor controller to control the operation of the motor in response to receiving the operational command at the second communication protocol from the controller. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising: receiving a second operational command at the chemical injection system in a third communication protocol from the remote computer; translating, at the controller, the second operational command at the third communication protocol to second operational command at the second communication protocol different than the third communication protocol; transmitting the second operational command at the second communication protocol from the controller to the motor controller; and adjusting the motor controller to control the operation of the motor in response to receiving the second operational command at the second communication protocol from the controller. 3. The method of claim 2, further comprising: monitoring at least one parameter of the hydrocarbon transmission system by the chemical injection system; transmitting the parameter to the remote computer; and receiving a fourth operational command at one of the first or third communication protocols from the remote computer in response to the parameter. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the parameter comprises one of the following: a fluidic pressure in the hydrocarbon transmission system; a fluidic flowrate in the hydrocarbon transmission system; a percentage concentration by weight or volume of chemical fluid in the hydrocarbon transmission system; an operational parameter of the motor; a controller temperature; a battery voltage; a motor current; a solar cell charge current; and one or more fault conditions. 5. The method of claim 3, further comprising: measuring the parameter with a sensor positioned in the hydrocarbon transmission system; and wirelessly transmitting a signal representative of the parameter from the sensor to the chemical injection system. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the chemical fluids comprise at least one of: a corrosion inhibitor; a paraffin inhibiter; a demulsifier; an ethanol; and a foamer. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein receiving an operational command at the chemical injection system in a first communication protocol from a remote computer comprises receiving an operational command at the chemical injection system in a first communication protocol from a remote computer via a radio frequency RF signal. 8. The method of claim 1, further comprising: receiving a signal representative of a sensed parameter of the hydrocarbon transmission system in the second communication protocol; translating the parameter in the second communication protocol to a signal representative of the sensed parameter in the first communication protocol; and transmitting the signal representative of the sensed parameter in the first communication protocol to the remote computer. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein adjusting the motor controller to control the operation of the motor in response to receiving the operational command at the second communication protocol from the controller comprises adjusting a rotational speed of the motor. 10. The method of claim 1, further comprising: providing a sensor coupled to the hydrocarbon transmission system and adapted to monitor an operational parameter of the system; receiving a signal representative of the operational parameter at the controller from the sensor; and automatically adjusting the motor controller to adjust a rotational speed of the motor in response to receiving the signal representative of the operational parameter. 11. The method of claim 1, further comprising: providing a second chemical injection system comprising: a second pump driven by a second motor and in fluid communication with the chemical reservoir and the hydrocarbon transmission system, the second pump adapted to inject one or more chemical fluids into the hydrocarbon transmission system; a second motor controller coupled to the second motor and adapted to control operation of the second motor; and a second controller communicably coupled to the second motor controller; receiving a third operational command at the second chemical injection system in the first communication protocol from the remote computer; translating, at the second controller, the third operational command at the first communication protocol to a third operational command at the second communication; transmitting the third operational command at the second communication protocol from the second controller to the second motor controller; and adjusting the second motor controller to control the operation of the second motor in response to receiving the third operational command at the second communication protocol from the second controller. 12. A chemical injection system for a hydrocarbon pipeline comprising: a pump in fluid communication with a chemical reservoir and the pipeline; a motor coupled to the pump and adapted to drive the pump to transfer a chemical fluid from the reservoir to the pipeline; a motor controller electrically coupled to a power module and the motor, the motor controller adapted to adjust a rotational speed of the motor; and a central controller communicably coupled to the motor controller and a remote computing device, the controller comprising a translator adapted to receive a signal from the remote computing device in a first communication protocol and translate the signal from the remote computing device to a command in a second communication protocol distinct from the first communication protocol, the command operable to adjust the motor controller to adjust the rotational speed of the motor. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the motor controller comprises a variable frequency drive. 14. The system of claim 12, wherein the translator is further adapted to receive a signal from the remote computing device in a third communication protocol and translate the signal from the remote computing device to a second command in the second communication protocol distinct from the third and the first communication protocols, the second command operable to adjust the motor controller to adjust the rotational speed of the motor. 15. The system of claim 12, further comprising a receiver communicably coupled to the central controller and adapted to receive the signal from the remote computing device, the signal comprising a radio frequency (RF) signal. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the receiver is adapted to receive a second signal from a remote sensor coupled to the pipeline. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the controller is further adapted to receive the second signal from the remote sensor through the receiver and transmit the second signal to the remote computing device. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the translator is adapted to receive the second signal from the receiver, the second signal in the second communication protocol, and translate the second signal to a third signal in the first communication protocol. 19. The system of claim 17, wherein the second signal comprises one of: a fluidic pressure in the pipeline; a fluidic flowrate in the pipeline; a percentage concentration by weight or volume of chemical fluid in the pipeline; and an operational parameter of the motor. 20. The system of claim 12, wherein the second communication protocol comprises a Modbus protocol. 21. A system comprising: a remote computing system comprising a graphical user interface (GUI); a sensor coupled with a hydrocarbon transmission system; and a chemical injection system, comprising: a pump in fluid communication with a chemical reservoir and the hydrocarbon transmission system; a motor coupled to the pump and adapted to drive the pump to transfer a chemical fluid from the reservoir to the hydrocarbon transmission system; a power module adapted to receive solar power and convert the solar power to electrical power; a motor controller electrically coupled to the power module and the motor, the motor controller adapted to adjust a rotational speed of the motor; and a central controller communicably coupled to the motor controller, the central controller communicably coupled to the remote computing system and the sensor, the controller comprising a translator adapted to receive a signal from the remote computing system in a first communication protocol and translate the signal from the remote computing system to a command in a second communication protocol distinct from the first communication protocol, the command operable to adjust the motor controller to adjust the rotational speed of the motor. 22. The system of claim 21, wherein the GUI is adapted to display one or more operational parameters of the chemical injection system. 23. The system of claim 21, further comprising a transceiver communicably coupled to the remote computing station through a communications network, the transceiver in RF communication with the chemical injection system. 24. The system of claim 23, further comprising one or more communication stations in RF communication with the chemical injection system and the transceiver, each communication station adapted to relay operational parameters of the chemical injection system in the form of RF signals between the transceiver and the chemical injection system. 25. The system of claim 21, further comprising: a second sensor coupled with the hydrocarbon transmission system; and a second chemical injection system, comprising: a pump in fluid communication with the chemical reservoir and the hydrocarbon transmission system; a motor coupled to the pump and adapted to drive the pump to transfer the chemical fluid from the reservoir to the hydrocarbon transmission system; a power module; a motor controller electrically coupled to the power module and the second motor, the motor controller adapted to adjust a rotational speed of the motor; and a central controller communicably coupled to the motor controller, the central controller communicably coupled to the remote computing system and the second sensor, the controller comprising a translator adapted to receive a signal from the remote computing system in the first communication protocol and translate the signal from the remote computing system to a command in the second communication protocol distinct from the first communication protocol, the command operable to adjust the motor controller to adjust the rotational speed of the motor. 