A connector assembly includes a housing, a contact, a support plate, and posts. The housing extends between a mounting side and an opposite side. The mounting side is configured to be mounted to a first side of a photovoltaic module. The contact is held by the housing and is configured to be electrically coupled with the photovoltaic module. The support plate is configured to be mounted to a second side of the photovoltaic module. The posts are coupled with at least one of the housing and the support plate and extend through an opening in the photovoltaic module that extends therethrough and joined with the other of the housing and the support plate. The posts secure the housing to the photovoltaic module.
Claims 1. A connector assembly comprising: a housing extending between a mounting side and an opposite side, the mounting side configured to be mounted to a first side of a photovoltaic module; a contact held by the housing and configured to be electrically coupled with the photovoltaic module; a support plate configured to be mounted to a second side of the photovoltaic module; and a post coupled with at least one of the housing and the support plate, the post extending through an opening in the photovoltaic module that extends therethrough and joined with the other of the housing and the support plate, wherein the post secures the housing to the photovoltaic module. 2. The connector assembly of claim 1, wherein the housing comprises an opening extending therethrough and the post extends through the opening in the housing. 3. The connector assembly of claim 2, wherein the housing comprises a flange that outwardly extends from the housing, the flange comprising an opening through which the post extends. 4. The connector assembly of claim 1, wherein the other of the housing and the support plate comprises an opening extending therethrough and the post comprises an outer end having an outer diameter dimension that is greater than an inside diameter dimension of the opening. 5. The connector assembly of claim 1, further comprising an elastomeric gasket disposed between the mounting side of the housing and the first side of the photovoltaic module, the gasket having an outer edge that is approximately coextensive with an outer edge of the mounting side of the housing. 6. The connector assembly of claim 5, wherein the housing comprises a contact window extending through the housing between the mounting side and the opposite side with the contact protruding from the housing into the contact window, further wherein the gasket includes an opening aligned with the contact window. 7. The connector assembly of claim 1, wherein the contact extends between opposite sides and includes a connection opening extending through the contact from one of the opposite sides to the other of the opposite sides. 8. The connector assembly of claim 7, wherein the contact is electrically coupled with the photovoltaic module when a conductive body is loaded into the connection opening of the contact. 9. A connector assembly comprising: a housing extending between a mounting side and an opposite side, the mounting side configured to be mounted to a photovoltaic module, the housing including a contact window that frames an opening extending through the housing from the mounting side to the opposite side; a cable coupled with the housing, the cable including a conductor capable of transferring at least one of electric current and electric potential generated by the photovoltaic module; and a contact joined with the housing and protruding into the contact window, the contact electrically coupled with the conductor of the cable and having opposite sides with a connection opening extending therethrough, wherein the contact electrically couples the photovoltaic module with the cable when a conductive body is loaded into the connection opening of the contact. 10. The connector assembly of claim 9, wherein the contact is electrically coupled with the photovoltaic module when a conductive solder is loaded into the connection opening of the contact. 11. The connector assembly of claim 9, wherein the mounting side of the housing is configured to be mounted to a first side of the photovoltaic module, further comprising a support plate configured to be mounted to a second side of the photovoltaic module and posts extending through openings in the photovoltaic module and coupled with the housing and the support plate. 12. The connector assembly of claim 11, wherein at least one of the housing and the support plate comprises an opening extending therethrough and the post comprises an outer end having an outer diameter dimension that is greater than an inside diameter dimension of the opening. 13. The connector assembly of claim 9, further comprising an elastomeric gasket disposed between the mounting side of the housing and the photovoltaic module, the gasket preventing ingress of moisture into an interface between the housing and the photovoltaic module. 14. The connector assembly of claim 9, further comprising a gasket adapted to be disposed between the housing and the photovoltaic module, the gasket have an outer edge that is approximately coextensive with an outer edge of the mounting side of the housing. 15. A connector assembly comprising: a housing extending between a mounting side and an opposite side, the mounting side surrounded by an outer edge and configured to be mounted to a photovoltaic module; a contact joined with the housing and configured to be electrically coupled with the photovoltaic module; and an elastomeric gasket having a body with an outer edge disposed between the mounting side of the housing and the photovoltaic module, wherein the outer edge of the gasket is approximately coextensive with the outer edge of the mounting side of the housing. 16. The connector assembly of claim 15, wherein the housing includes a contact window that frames an opening extending through the housing and the gasket includes an opening extending therethrough that is aligned with the contact window. 17. The connector assembly of claim 16, wherein the contact extends from the housing into the contact window and is electrically coupled with the photovoltaic module through the opening in the gasket. 18. The connector assembly of claim 15, wherein the gasket prevents ingress of moisture between an interface between the housing and the photovoltaic module. 19. The connector assembly of claim 15, wherein the contact includes a planar conductive body having opposite sides with a connection opening extending therethrough. 20. The connector assembly of claim 15, wherein the mounting side of the housing is configured to be mounted to a first side of the photovoltaic module, further comprising a support plate configured to be mounted to a second side of the photovoltaic module and a post extending through an opening in the photovoltaic module and coupled with the housing and the support plate. 