A reflector for photovoltaic power generation is characterized by the use of a color coating on the surface of the reflector material which is stable to ultraviolet light. The reflector includes a substrate and a layer of high purity aluminum on the substrate. The aluminum layer is anodized and coated with a gold dye so that the reflector has a reflectivity which is high for long wave, near infrared, and red to green light, moderate for blue light, and low for ultraviolet light. When such a reflector is arranged adjacent to a photovoltaic panel, it reflects additional sunlight onto the panel to increase the electrical output of the panel without damaging the solar collector material of the panel.
Claims 1. A reflector for a photovoltaic solar power generator, comprising (a) a substrate having upper and lower surfaces; and (b) a first layer of reflective material arranged on an upper surface of said substrate, said first layer of reflective material being coated with a color material which is stable to ultraviolet light. 2. A reflector as defined in claim 1, wherein said reflective material comprises metal. 3. A reflector as defined in claim 2, wherein said reflective material comprises aluminum. 4. A reflector as defined in claim 3, wherein said color material comprises a gold color dye, whereby said reflector has a reflectivity which is high for long wave, near infra red, and red to green light, moderate for blue light, and low for ultraviolet light. 5. A reflector as defined in claim 4, and further comprising a protective coating connected with said first layer of aluminum. 6. A reflector as defined in claim 5, and further comprising a second layer of reflective aluminum applied to the lower surface of said substrate. 7. A reflector as defined in claim 6, wherein said substrate is formed of a polymer material. 8. A reflector as defined in claim 7, and further comprising a layer of corrugated metal between said substrate and said second layer of reflective aluminum. 9. A reflector as defined in claim 5, wherein said coating comprises one of a sol-gel overcoat and a fluorocarbon overcoat. 10. A reflector as defined in claim 4, wherein said first layer of aluminum is anodized and dyed by one of ferric ammonium oxalate and ferric sodium oxalate. 11. A reflector as defined in claim 3, wherein said color material is applied to said first layer of aluminum by plasma vapor deposition to produce a gold tint, whereby said reflector has a reflectivity which is high for long wave, near infra red, and red to green light, moderate for blue light, and low for ultraviolet light. 12. A reflector as defined in claim 1, wherein said reflective material comprises a synthetic plastic film and said color material is doped on said film to absorb ultraviolet light and at least a portion of blue light. 13. A reflector as defined in claim 6, wherein said second layer of reflective aluminum is coated with a color material which is stable to ultraviolet light. 14. A reflector as defined in claim 13, wherein said color material coated on said second layer of reflective aluminum comprises a gold color dye, whereby said reflector is reversible. 15. A reflector as defined in claim 1, wherein said substrate is formed of a wood material to prevent sagging of said reflector. 16. A reflector as defined in claim 15, wherein said substrate is formed of a polymer material containing a wood filler material. 17. A reflector as defined in claim 15, wherein said substrate is formed of a plurality of laminated sheets of wood. 18. A reflector as defined in claim 17, wherein said sheets of wood are arranged so that a grain direction in a sheet alternates in a normal direction to the grain direction of an adjacent sheet to increase the strength and rigidity of the reflector. 19. A reflector as defined in claim 15, and further comprising a second layer of reflective material coated with a color material which is stable to ultraviolet light, whereby the reflector is reversible. 20. A reflector as defined in claim 19, wherein said first and second layers of reflective material comprise aluminum and said color material comprises a gold color dye, whereby said reflector has a reflectivity which is high for long wave, near infra red and red to green light, moderate for blue light, and low for ultraviolet light. 21. A reflector as defined in claim 20, and further comprising a protective coating connected with said first and second layers of aluminum. 22. A reflector as defined in claim 19, and further comprising a seal connected with said reflector along an edge thereof to prevent moisture from contacting said substrate. 23. A photovoltaic power generator, comprising (a) a photovoltaic panel for converting sunlight into electricity, said panel being positioned relative to the sun; and (b) a reflector arranged adjacent to said photovoltaic panel for directing sunlight onto said panel, said reflector comprising (1) a substrate; and (2) a first layer of reflective material arranged on an upper surface of said substrate, said first layer of reflective material being coated with a color material which is stable to ultraviolet light. 24. A photovoltaic power generator as defined in claim 23, wherein said reflective material comprises a synthetic plastic film and said color material is doped on said film to absorb ultraviolet light and at least a portion of blue light. 25. A photovoltaic power generator as defined in claim 23, wherein said reflective material comprises a metal. 26. A photovoltaic power generator as defined in claim 25, wherein said reflective material comprises aluminum. 27. A photovoltaic power generator as defined in claim 26, wherein said color material comprises a dye having a gold color, whereby said reflector has a reflectivity which is high for long wave, near infra red, and red to green light, moderate for blue light, and low for ultraviolet light. 28. A photovoltaic power generator as defined in claim 27, wherein said first layer of aluminum is anodized and dyed by one of ferric ammonium oxalate and ferric sodium oxalate. 29. A photovoltaic power generator as defined in claim 26, wherein said color material is applied to said first layer of aluminum by plasma vapor deposition to produce a gold tint, whereby said reflector has a reflectivity which is high for long wave, near infra red, and red to green light, moderate for blue light, and low for ultraviolet light. 30. A photovoltaic power generator as defined in claim 23, wherein said reflector has a concave configuration. 31. A photovoltaic power generator as defined in claim 30, and further comprising a support for adjustably mounting said reflector in spaced relation adjacent to said photovoltaic panel, whereby the angle of said reflector relative to said panel may be adjusted in accordance with the angle of incidence of sunlight onto said reflector and said photovoltaic panel. 32. A photovoltaic power generator as defined in claim 31, wherein said photovoltaic panel is positioned relative to a north-south axis. 33. A photovoltaic power generator as defined in claim 30, and further comprising a second layer of reflective aluminum applied to the lower surface of said reflector substrate, said second layer of reflective aluminum being coated with a gold color dye. 34. A photovoltaic power generator as defined in claim 33, and further comprising a protective coating connected with said first and second layers of aluminum of said reflector. 35. A photovoltaic power generator as defined in claim 34, wherein said reflector substrate comprises a polymer material. 36. A photovoltaic power generator as defined in claim 34, wherein said reflector substrate is formed of a wood material to prevent sagging of said reflector. 37. A reflector as defined in claim 36, wherein said substrate is formed of a polymer material containing a wood filler material. 38. A reflector as defined in claim 36, wherein said substrate is formed of a plurality of laminated sheets of wood. 39. A reflector as defined in claim 38, wherein said sheets of wood are arranged so that a grain direction in a sheet alternates in a normal direction to the grain direction of an adjacent sheet to increase the strength and rigidity of the reflector. 40. A reflector as defined in claim 39, and further comprising a seal connected with said reflector along an edge thereof to prevent moisture from contacting said substrate. 41. A photovoltaic power generator as defined in claim 34, wherein a plurality of photovoltaic panels each having an adjacent reflector are arranged in series. 42. A photovoltaic power generator as defined in claim 33, wherein said gold colored dye is one of a variety of shades, with a darker shade being provided on reflectors to be used in locations nearer the equator and lighter shades being provided on reflectors to be used in locations toward the poles. 