This invention provides a method by which rail systems can use air space above tracks and right of way for generating traction power for electric powered rail vehicles. Through the design and installation of rail-specific solar photovoltaic canopy modules, replicated and joined together in assemblies of various lengths, transit districts, rail agencies and operators can develop energy for rail vehicle traction power. Integrating solar PV technology and the supply and distribution of traction power can provide a rail system increased levels of energy independence, lower fixed energy cost over 25 to 30 years and the possibility of providing Carbon Neutral rail service.
Claims 1) A method of generating high potential electrical energy for electric powered rail vehicle traction power comprising a plurality of solar PV (4) covered (2) roof-like structures (3) said herein canopy modules (1-1), in alignment with and above a tie-and-rail vehicle guide track system (15) or right of way. 2) The plurality of solar PV covered canopy modules of claim 1, wherein said canopy modules are substantially similar in size, shape, design, composition and electrical generating capability. 3) The plurality of solar PV covered canopy modules of claim 1, wherein said canopy modules of substantially of the same size, shape, design, composition may very as required to best fit the needs, geometry or variations of and within said rail system. 4) The plurality of solar PV covered canopy modules of claim 1, wherein said canopy modules are covered with solar photovoltaic panels or materials (4) for the purpose of generating electric power. 5) The plurality of solar photovoltaic panels (4) of claim 4, wherein said panels are of substantially like size, shape, mass and electrical generating capability. 6) The plurality of solar photovoltaic panels (4) of claim 4, wherein said panels may number from 1 to N (any) as determined by size, weight, nature, design, technology and power generating capability. 7) The plurality of solar photovoltaic panels (4) of claim 4, wherein said panels or materials may comprise materials, technologies and methods of manufacturing such as but not limited to thin-film or crystalline, transparent, semi-transparent, or opaque, flexible or not flexible substrates or membranes. 8) The plurality of solar PV covered canopy modules of claim 1, wherein the support structure (3) of said module(s) (1-1) are typically supported by, but not limited to, a single vertical support member substantially positioned within the center of mass when viewed from above. 9) The vertical support member of claim 8, wherein said vertical support member or members are substantially of the same design, materials, size and construction. 10) The plurality of solar PV covered canopy modules of claim 1, wherein the support structure(s) (3) are designed to accept, affix and secure solar photovoltaic panels elements, substrates or membrane embodied in claim 4. 11) The plurality of solar PV covered canopy modules of claim 1, wherein the upper portion of support structure(s) (3) may contain attachment apparatus, mechanism(s) or feature(s) s to locate and secure mounting connection(s) for catenary (6) supporting and securing messenger line for overhead high voltage electrical delivery to power conductor device (8) and (9) to provide electrical traction power for rail vehicle(s). 12) The overhead high voltage power delivery conductor of claim 11, wherein said conductor comprises wire (7) and Catenary support system under a method of controlled tension. 13) The plurality of solar PV covered canopy modules of claim 1, wherein said canopy modules contain features to connect or join (21) one canopy module to other identical or similar canopy modules in an end-to-end manor in alignment with and above said tie and rail vehicle guide system. 14) The plurality of solar PV covered canopy modules (1-1) of claim 1, wherein said modules may be joined (21) in any number of pluralities to form continuous and varied lengths of electrical power generating covered structures here in stated modules. 15) The connection features of claim 14, wherein said features shall be for the purpose of facilitating one or more of the following: a) module-to-module geometrical alignment, b) secure mechanical attachment, c) seismic and wind effect stabilization, d) electrical conduction, e) ground potential compliance f) and other purpose(s) as may be required. 16) The plurality of varied lengths of joined (21) solar PV covered canopy modules (1-1) of claim 14, wherein said varied lengths may be separated by open or unconnected spaces between sets or joined (21) canopy modules for reason of: a) grade crossing(s) or separation(s) b) overhead crossing(s), obstruction(s) to sunlight exposure, overhead high voltage power delivery phase matching, c) overhead high voltage power delivery system tensioning mechanism(s), d) designed breaks or openings for disconnecting high voltage overhead power delivery line for inspection, e) maintenance and repair, f) and other as may be required or appropriate. 17) The plurality of varied lengths of joined (21) solar PV covered canopy modules (1-1) of claim 16, wherein the pluralities of connected or joined canopy modules may generate electrical power individually or collectively in any desired manor. 18) The DC electrical power generated by the plurality of canopy modules in claim 1, wherein said DC power is aggregated, conducted and inverted to produce phase matched AC voltage compatible with the local and or regional electrical power grid supply connected thereto. 19) The AC voltage of claim 18, wherein said AC electrical power is conducted to the local and or regional grid supply. 20) The local and or regional grid or electrical power grid operator of claim 19, wherein that grid operator supplies back to the solar PV power generating rail operator a substantially uninterruptible supply of AC electrical power for operating said rail system. 