A piggyback adapter system and method are provided. The piggyback adapter circumvents the need for running the photovoltaic system's energy supply through a service panel (circuit breaker box).
Claims 1. A piggyback adapter for a photovoltaic system, comprising: an enclosure that has one or more ports that receive at least an inverter path, a monitor power path, an electric grid path and an electric vehicle charging path; a piggyback mechanism that fits between a power meter and a power meter base; one or more circuit breakers that prevent over-current along the monitor power path and along the inverter path; and one or more sensors that measure the current along the monitor power path and along the inverter path. 2. The adapter of claim 1, wherein the inverter path further comprises one or more conductors that connect the adapter to an inverter. 3. The adapter of claim 1, wherein the monitor path further comprises one or more conductors that connect the adapter to a monitor device. 4. The adapter of claim 1 further comprising a lockable utility disconnect. 5. The adapter of claim 1, wherein the enclosure joins to a face of the power meter. 6. An electrical system, comprising: a photo-voltaic system that generates a direct current voltage; an inverter that converts the direct current voltage into an alternative current voltage; a monitor device that monitors the electrical system; a piggyback adapter having an enclosure that has one or more ports that receive at least an inverter path and a monitor power path and an electric vehicle charging path, a piggyback mechanism that fits between a power meter and a power meter base, one or more circuit breakers that prevent over-current along the monitor power path and along the inverter path; and one or more sensors that measure the current along the monitor power path and along the inverter path. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the photo-voltaic system further comprises one or more solar panels. 8. The system of claim 7 further comprising a combiner that combines a voltage output from the one or more solar panels and inputs the combined voltage output into the inverter. 