A method of controlling a HVAC system for a hybrid vehicle having a refrigerant compressor driven by an engine is disclosed. The method may comprise: determining a requested air conditioning operating point for a passenger compartment; estimating a time to reach the requested operating point; based on the previous steps, estimating a maximum allowed compressor off time; determining if the allowed compressor off time is greater than a minimum engine off time; if the allowed compressor off time is greater than the engine off time, determining if the vehicle is entering an allowable engine off mode; if so, commencing engine shut-off mode; if engine shut-off is anticipated, prior to commencing the shut-off mode, adjusting the HVAC system to maximize cooling of the passenger compartment with minimum energy usage; and if the engine shut-off is commenced, monitoring the HVAC system to determine when engine restart is needed to maintain comfort.
Claims 1. A method of controlling a HVAC system for a hybrid vehicle having a refrigerant compressor driven only by an engine, the method comprising the steps of: (a) determining a requested air conditioning operating point for a passenger compartment; (b) estimating a time to reach the requested air conditioning operating point; (c) based on steps (a) and (b), estimating a maximum allowed compressor off time; (d) determining if the maximum allowed compressor off time is greater than a minimum allowed engine off time; (e) if the maximum allowed compressor off time is greater than the minimum allowed engine off time, determining if the vehicle is entering an allowable engine off mode; (f) if the vehicle is in the allowable engine off mode, commencing engine shut-off mode; (g) if the engine shut-off mode is anticipated, prior to commencing the engine shut-off mode, adjusting at least one component of the HVAC system to maximize cooling of the passenger compartment with minimum energy usage; and (h) if the engine shut-off mode is commenced, monitoring the HVAC system to determine when engine restart is needed to maintain thermal comfort in the passenger compartment. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein steps (a) and (b) are further defined by detecting an ambient temperature around the vehicle, detecting a relative humidity in the passenger compartment and detecting a solar load in the passenger compartment. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein step (g) is further defined by adjusting at least one of a blend door upstream of a heater core, a speed of a HVAC blower, a recirculation door and a mode door. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein step (h) is further defined by: determining a comfort operating thermal bandwidth based on a HVAC operating mode, estimating a time period to a passenger compartment thermal comfort being outside of the thermal bandwidth, comparing the estimated time period to a time limit for maintaining thermal comfort, and requesting the engine restart if the estimated time period is less than the time limit. 5. The method of claim 4 further including step (i): if engine restart occurs, readjusting the at least one component of the HVAC system to an operating state prior to commencing the engine shut-off mode. 6. The method of claim 1 further comprising the steps of: (i) determining an engine temperature requirement; (j) determining an engine temperature parameter; (k) comparing the engine temperature parameter to the engine temperature requirement; (l) if the engine temperature parameter is greater than the engine temperature requirement, determining that a heating engine shut-off requirement is satisfied; and (m) if the heating shut-off requirement is satisfied and the vehicle is in the allowable engine off mode, commencing engine shut-off operating mode. 7. The method of claim 6 wherein step (h) is further defined by: estimating a time period until the engine temperature parameter is less than the engine temperature requirement; comparing the estimated time period to a time limit for maintaining thermal comfort, and requesting the engine restart if the estimated time period is less than the time limit. 8. The method of claim 7 further including step (o): if engine restart occurs, readjusting the at least one component of the HVAC system to an operating state prior to commencing the engine shut-off mode. 9. A method of controlling a HVAC system for a hybrid vehicle, the method comprising the steps of: (a) determining an engine temperature requirement; (b) determining an engine temperature parameter; (c) comparing the engine temperature parameter to the engine temperature requirement; (d) if the engine temperature parameter is greater than the engine temperature requirement, determining that a heating engine shut-off requirement is satisfied; (e) if the heating shut-off requirement is satisfied and the vehicle is in an allowable engine off mode, commencing an engine shut-off operating mode; (f) if the heating engine shut-off requirement is satisfied, adjusting at least one component of the HVAC system to maximize heating of a passenger compartment with minimum energy usage prior to commencing the engine shut-off mode; and (g) if the engine shut-off mode is commenced, monitoring the HVAC system to determine when engine restart is needed to maintain thermal comfort in the passenger compartment. 10. The method of claim 9 wherein step (g) is further defined by: estimating a time period until the engine temperature parameter is less than the engine temperature requirement; comparing the estimated time period to a time limit for maintaining thermal comfort, and requesting the engine restart if the estimated time period is less than the time limit. 11. The method of claim 10 further including step (h): if engine restart occurs, readjusting the at least one component of the HVAC system to an operating state prior to commencing the engine shut-off mode. 12. The method of claim 9 wherein step (a) is further defined by detecting an ambient temperature around the vehicle and detecting a coolant temperature for coolant in the engine when determining the engine temperature requirement. 13. The method of claim 9 wherein step (b) is further defined by detecting an engine oil temperature when determining the engine temperature parameter. 14. The method of claim 9 wherein step (f) is further defined by adjusting at least one of a blend door upstream of a heater core, a speed of a HVAC blower, a recirculation door and a mode door. 15. The method of claim 9 further comprising the steps of: (h) determining a requested air conditioning operating point for the passenger compartment; (i) estimating a time to reach the requested air conditioning operating point; (j) based on steps (h) and (i), estimating a maximum allowed compressor off time; (k) determining if the maximum allowed compressor off time is greater than a minimum allowed engine off time; (l) if the maximum allowed compressor off time is greater than the minimum allowed engine off time, determining if the vehicle is entering the allowable engine off mode; and (m) if the vehicle is in the allowable engine off mode, commencing the engine shut-off mode. 16. The method of claim 15 further including: (n) if the vehicle is in the allowable engine off mode, adjusting at least one component of the HVAC system to maximize cooling of the passenger compartment with minimum energy usage prior to commencing the engine shut-off mode. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein step (n) is further defined by adjusting at least one of a blend door upstream of a heater core, a speed of a HVAC blower, a recirculation door and a mode door. 18. The method of claim 15 further including: (n) if the engine shut-off mode is commenced, determining a comfort operating thermal bandwidth based on a HVAC operating mode, estimating a time period to a passenger compartment thermal comfort being outside of the thermal bandwidth, comparing the estimated time period to a time limit for maintaining thermal comfort, and requesting the engine restart if the estimated time period is less than the time limit. 