The present invention provides a diode that does not deteriorate its function even if it is used in an environment where the temperature change is considerable, such as in a terminal box for solar cell panel that is placed outdoors. A diode of twin-chip-mounting type in which each chip has a lead foot for being joined to a common terminal plate, wherein said lead feet are electrically connected with each other in a region of each lead foot from each chip to a portion wherein each lead foot is joined. The electrical connection of the lead feet is preferably formed by integral molding with each lead foot.
Claims 1. A diode of twin-chip-mounting type in which two chips are mounted on one frame and each of these chips has a lead foot and each lead foot is to be joined to a common terminal plate of the same pole, wherein said lead feet are electrically connected with each other in a region of each lead foot from each chip to a portion wherein each lead foot is joined, so that, even when a defect is generated at the joining portion of one lead foot to the terminal plate, the electric current from the terminal plate is transmitted to both of the chips via the other lead foot. 2. The diode according to claim 1, wherein the electrical connection of the lead feet is formed by integral molding with each lead foot. 3. A terminal plate circuit including the diode according to claim 1 and a terminal plate, wherein each lead foot of the diode is joined to a common terminal plate of the same pole, and wherein, even when a defect is generated at the joining portion of one lead foot to the terminal plate, the electric current from the terminal plate is transmitted to both of the chips via the other lead foot. 4. The terminal plate circuit according to claim 3, wherein the terminal plate is enlarged so that the heat generated from the diode can be sufficiently dissipated. 5. (canceled) 6. A terminal plate circuit including the diode according to claim 2 and a terminal plate, wherein each lead foot of the diode is joined to a common terminal plate of the same pole, and wherein, even when a defect is generated at the joining portion of one lead foot to the terminal plate, the electric current from the terminal plate is transmitted to both of the chips via the other lead foot. 7. The terminal plate circuit according to claim 6, wherein the terminal plate is enlarged so that the heat generated from the diode can be sufficiently dissipated. 8. A terminal box for solar cell panel including the terminal plate circuit according to any one of claims 3, 4, 6 and 7. 