A lamp assembly includes a lamp device mounted detachably on a stand unit. The lamp device includes a lampshade for receiving a light emitting element. An electrical connector is coupled electrically to the light emitting element and a power source in such a manner that when the lamp device is mounted on the stand unit, the electrical connector is plugged into the power source so that the light emitting element is supplied with electricity by the power source. A storage battery module is coupled electrically to the electrical connector and the light emitting element so that when the lamp device is mounted on the stand unit, the storage battery module is charged by the power source via the electrical connector. When the lamp device is detached from the stand unit, the light emitting element is supplied with electricity by the storage battery module.
Claims 1. A lamp device for mounting detachably on a stand unit and for coupling electrically to a power source of the stand unit, comprising: a light emitting element for emitting light rays; a lampshade for receiving said light emitting element therein, and formed with an opening via which said light rays of said light emitting element are emitted to an exterior of said lampshade; an electrical connector disposed at one side of said lampshade for coupling electrically to said light emitting element and the power source in such a manner that when the lamp device is mounted detachably on the stand unit, said electrical connector is plugged into the power source so that said light emitting element is supplied with electricity by the power source; and a storage battery module for coupling electrically to said electrical connector and said light emitting element so that when the lamp device is mounted detachably on the stand unit, said storage battery module is charged by the power source via said electrical connector and when the lamp device is detached from the stand unit, said light emitting element is supplied with electricity by said storage battery module. 2. The lamp device according to claim 1, wherein the lamp device and the stand unit cooperatively form a lamp assembly, the stand unit further including a bottom seat and a lamp stand having a lower end fixed to said bottom seat and an upper end holding the power source. 3. The lamp device according to claim 1, further comprising a switch device mounted on an external surface of said lampshade and coupled electrically to said light emitting element, a control panel fixed within said lampshade and electrically connected to said switch device such that when the power source is disconnected electrically or when the lamp device is detached from the stand unit so as to disengage said electrical connector from the power source, said control panel activating said switch device to control switch-on or switch-off operation of said light emitting element. 4. The lamp device according to claim 3, wherein the power source includes a first charging connector and a first supply connector, said electrical connector including a second charging connector coupled electrically to said storage battery module and a second supply connector coupled electrically to said light emitting element so that when the lamp device is mounted on the stand unit, said first and second charging connectors are connected electrically to each other while said first and second supply connectors are connected electrically to each other. 5. A lamp assembly comprising: a stand unit for holding a power source thereon; a lamp device for mounting detachably on said stand unit and including a light emitting element for emitting light rays, a lampshade for receiving said light emitting element therein, and formed with an opening via which said light rays of said light emitting element are emitted to an exterior of said lampshade, an electrical connector disposed at one side of said lampshade for coupling electrically to said light emitting element and the power source in such a manner that when said lamp device is mounted detachably on the stand unit, said electrical connector is plugged into the power source so that said light emitting element is supplied with electricity by the power source, and a storage battery module for coupling electrically to said electrical connector and said light emitting element so that when said lamp device is mounted detachably on said stand unit, said storage battery module is charged by the power source via said electrical connector and when said lamp device is detached from said stand unit, said light emitting element is supplied with electricity by said storage battery module. 6. The lamp assembly according to claim 5, wherein said stand unit further includes a bottom seat and a lamp stand having a lower end fixed to said bottom seat and an upper end holding the power source. 7. The lamp device assembly according to claim 6, wherein said lamp stand is fixed to said bottom seat via a rotary structure, said rotary structure including a lower connecting part fixed on said bottom seat and defining a receiving chamber therein and an upper connecting part connected securely to said lower end of said lamp stand and having a rotary disc disposed rotatably in said receiving chamber, wherein rotation of said rotary disc in said receiving chamber simultaneously results in changing position of said lamp stand relative to said bottom seat. 8. The lamp assembly according to claim 7, wherein said rotary disc is formed with a first interfering element adjacent to an outer surface of said bottom seat, said bottom seat having a second interfering element adjacent to an external surface of said rotary disc such that rotation of said rotary disc in said receiving chamber results in inter-engagement between said first and second interfering elements, thereby retaining said lamp stand at a predetermined angle with respect to said bottom seat. 9. The lamp assembly according to claim 7, further comprising an On/Off switch for controlling switch-on or switch-off operation of said light emitting element. 10. The lamp assembly according to claim 9, wherein said On/Off switch is sandwiched between said lower end of said lamp stand and said upper connecting part and is exposed to an exterior of said bottom seat. 11. The lamp assembly according to claim 9, wherein said On/Off switch is a light detection switch. 12. The lamp assembly according to claim 5, further comprising a switch device mounted on an external surface of said lampshade and coupled electrically to said light emitting element, a control panel fixed within said lampshade and electrically connected to said switch device such that when the power source is disconnected electrically or when said lamp device is detached from the stand unit so as to disengage said electrical connector from the power source, said control panel activating said switch device to control switch-on or switch-off operation of said light emitting element. 13. The lamp assembly according to claim 5, wherein the power source includes a first charging connector and a first supply connector, said electrical connector including a second charging connector coupled electrically to said storage battery module and a second supply connector coupled electrically to said light emitting element so that when said lamp device is mounted on the stand unit, said first and second charging connectors are connected electrically to each other while said first and second supply connectors are connected electrically to each other. 14. The lamp assembly according to claim 6, wherein said stand unit further includes a first coupler attached to said upper end of said lamp stand, said lamp device further including a second coupler complementing with and for coupling to said coupler in order to connect said lamp device detachably to said stand unit. 15. The lamp assembly according to claim 6, wherein said lamp stand includes two stand sections, said lamp assembly further comprising a pivot member interposed between said stands sections so as to permit folding action therebetween. 16. The lamp assembly according to claim 5, wherein an electrical coupler serves as said electrical connector such that when the lamp assembly is coupled electrically to an electronic assembly via said electrical coupler, said light emitting element is supply with electricity by the electronic assembly and said storage battery module is charged by the electronic assembly. 17. The lamp assembly according to claim 5, wherein when said electrical connector is coupled electrically to an adaptor that is plugged into a powered socket of an automobile, said electrical connector is supplied with electricity by power source of the automobile. 18. The lamp assembly according to claim 5, wherein when said electrical connector is coupled to a generator driven by wind power, said electrical connector is supplied with electricity by the generator driven by wind power. 19. The lamp assembly according to claim 5, wherein when said electrical connector is coupled to a generator driven by solar power, said electrical connector is supplied with electricity by the generator driven by solar power. 