A group of solar power stations with inverters are adjusted in order to achieve optimum power output in accordance with maximum power-point tracking (MPPT). The MPPT data is used to perform adjustments. Power measurement factors, including Maximum Power Points (MPPs) are established to represent a bus-voltage setting that produces the maximum power output from an individual photovoltaic panel. These settings are established for the group so as to optimize power output under a variety of operating conditions.
Claims 1. A method of controlling a power network of multiple power generating stations, the method comprising: connecting a plurality of power-producing elements to a communications network; setting each power-producing element to operate as either a master or a slave within the network. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising setting the operating point of one or more inverters associated with the power generating stations based on maximum power points (MPPs) established elsewhere in the network. 3. The method of claim 2, further comprising dynamically selecting one of said inverters to function as the master in accordance with predetermined criteria to select, as the master, an inverter which provides a representative sample. 4. The method of claim 3, further comprising: the inverters mapped according to said predetermined criteria; in the case of the mapping resolving to a mapped cluster of said inverters that spans more than one allowable error margin, reducing the error margin to more clearly isolate the mapped clusters. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising: the master performing maximum power-point tracking (MPPT); and the setting an operating point of at least one slave to that of the master. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising: comparing power measurement factors from at least a subset of power stations in the power network to generate power measurement factor comparison data; performing maximum power-point tracking (MPPT) based on the power measurement factor comparison data to provide MPPT data; and performing MPPT adjustments based on the MPPT data. 7. The method of claim 6, further comprising: using photovoltaic panels as at least a subset of the power generating stations; using maximum power points (MPPs) as the power measurement factors, wherein the MPP represents a bus-voltage setting that produces the maximum power output from an individual photovoltaic panel; and the MPPT provides adjustments for variation in MPP factors. 8. The method of claim 1, further comprising: comparing power measurement factors from at least a subset of power stations in the power network to generate power measurement factor comparison data; performing maximum power-point tracking (MPPT) based on the power measurement factor comparison data to provide MPPT data; dynamically selecting one of said power stations to function as the master in accordance with predetermined criteria to select, as the master, a power station which provides a representative sample; and performing MPPT adjustments based on the MPPT data. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising: using photovoltaic panels as at least a subset of the power generating stations; using maximum power points (MPPs) as the power measurement factors, wherein the MPP represents an operating point that produces the maximum power output from an individual photovoltaic panel; and the MPPT provides adjustments for variation in at least one MPP factor. 10. The method of claim 8, further comprising: using photovoltaic panels as at least a subset of the power generating stations; using maximum power points (MPPs) as the power measurement factors, wherein the MPP represents an operating point that produces the maximum power output from an individual photovoltaic panel; and the MPPT provides adjustments for variation in irradiance. 11. The method of claim 1, further comprising: comparing power measurement factors from at least a subset of power stations in the power network to generate power measurement factor comparison data; using photovoltaic panels as at least a subset of the power generating stations; using maximum power points (MPPs) as the power measurement factors, wherein the MPP represents a bus-voltage setting that produces the maximum power output from an individual photovoltaic panel; and storing at least one MPP factor; retrieving the stored MPP factor; measuring at least one real-time MPP factor; using the stored MPP factor and the real-time MPP factor to perform maximum power-point tracking (MPPT). 12. The method of claim 1, further comprising: comparing power measurement factors from at least a subset of power stations in the power network to generate power measurement factor comparison data; using photovoltaic panels as at least a subset of the power generating stations; using maximum power points (MPPs) as the power measurement factors, wherein the MPP represents a bus-voltage setting that produces the maximum power output from an individual photovoltaic panel; and storing at least one MPP factor; retrieving the stored MPP factor; measuring at least one real-time MPP factor; using the stored MPP factor and the real-time MPP factor to perform maximum power-point tracking (MPPT) to provide adjustments for variation in MPP factors over time. 13. The method of claim 1, further comprising: setting the operating point of one or more inverters associated with the power generating stations based on maximum power points (MPPs); mapping the inverters in MPP-factor space; selecting an optimal grouping of masters and slaves according to predetermined criteria; and re-evaluating and, if appropriate, reassigning masters and slaves either at fixed intervals or when measured MPP factors change by more than a threshold amount. 14. The method of claim 1, further comprising: setting the operating point of one or more inverters associated with the power generating stations based on maximum power points (MPPs); mapping the inverters in MPP-factor space; selecting an optimal grouping of masters and slaves according to predetermined criteria, including a minimum number of masters; and re-evaluating and, if appropriate, reassigning masters and slaves either at fixed intervals or when measured MPP factors change by more than a threshold amount. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising in the case of the mapping resolving to a mapped cluster of said inverters that spans more than one allowable error margin, reducing the error margin to more clearly isolate the mapped clusters. 16. The method of claim 1, further comprising: comparing power measurement factors from at least a subset of power stations in the power network to generate power measurement factor comparison data; using maximum power points (MPPs) as the power measurement factors, wherein the MPP represents an operating-point setting that produces the maximum power output from an individual power generating station. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising: performing maximum power-point tracking (MPPT) on inverter outputs of the power stations; and causing at least one inverter to operate in response to a master inverter MPPT measurement, and to use MPP factors within a predetermined variance from said another inverter in order to select a master inverter. 18. The method of claim 1, further comprising: performing maximum power-point tracking (MPPT) on inverter outputs of the power stations; and using a central control unit to control the performing of the MPPT adjustments. 19. The method of claim 1, further comprising: performing maximum power-point tracking (MPPT) on inverter outputs of the power stations; using a central control unit to control the performing of the MPPT adjustments; monitoring power produced by at least one slave power element, and in the event that at least one power station varies from a maximum power point (MPP) factor, causing that power station to override the control from the central control unit. 20. The method of claim 1, further comprising: performing maximum power-point tracking (MPPT) on inverter outputs of the power stations; using peer-to-peer control to control the performing of the MPPT adjustments. 21. The method of claim 1, further comprising: performing maximum power-point tracking (MPPT) on inverter outputs of the power stations; using predictions of MPPT to control performing of the MPPT adjustments. 22. The method of claim 1, further comprising: establishing a tracking of at least one power measurement factor for at least one power generating station; setting an operating point for the power generating station; monitoring at least one sensor associated with the station, the sensor detecting at least one of power, irradiance, and temperature; in the event of a previous reading, determining whether readings from the sensor represent a change form the previous reading; and in the case of the reading changing from the previous reading, effecting an adjustment in the operating point. 23. A method of controlling a power generating station within a power network of multiple power generating stations, the method comprising: establishing a tracking of at least one power measurement factor for the power generating station; identifying a corresponding power measurement factor for at least one neighbor power generating station; using the power measurement factors of the power generating station and the neighbor power generating station to compare the power generating station with the neighbor power generating station; using the comparison to determine operation of the power generating station as one of a master, controlling the neighbor power generating station, as a slave controlled by the neighbor power generating station, or as having no direct control relationship with the neighbor power generating station; setting an operating point for the power generating station according to the master or slave relationship of the power generating station and the neighbor generating station. 24. The method of claim 23, further comprising: monitoring at least one sensor associated with the station, the sensor detecting at least one of power, irradiance, and temperature; in the event of a previous reading, determining whether readings from the sensor represent a change form the previous reading; and in the case of the reading changing from the previous reading, effecting an adjustment in the operating point. 25. The method of claim 23, further comprising: setting the operating point of one or more inverters associated with the power generating stations based on maximum power points (MPPs); and re-evaluating and, if appropriate, reassigning masters and slaves either at fixed intervals or when measured MPP factors change by more than a threshold amount. 26. The method of claim 25, further comprising: setting the operating point of one or more inverters associated with the power generating stations based on maximum power points (MPPs); mapping the inverters in MPP-factor space; selecting an optimal grouping of masters and slaves according to predetermined criteria, including a minimum number of masters; and re-evaluating and, if appropriate, reassigning masters and slaves either at fixed intervals or when measured MPP factors change by more than a threshold amount. 27. The method of claim 26, further comprising in the case of the mapping resolving to a mapped cluster of said inverters spans more than one allowable error margin, reducing the error margin to more clearly isolate the mapped clusters. 28. A method of controlling a power generating station within a power network of multiple power generating stations, the method comprising: performing a selection of power measurement factors; taking a reading of the selected power measurement factors; determining whether the power measurement factors represent a change from a last reading exceeding an allowed margin; in the case of the reading representing either the change exceeding the allowed margin threshold or the reading representing an initial reading, searching for another power generating station with similar power measurement factors; in the case of locating another power station with similar power measurement factors, establishing one of the power generating stations as a slave; and in the case of not locating another power station with similar power measurement factors, establishing the power generating station as a master. 29. The method of claim 28, further comprising using inverter maximum power point (MPP) readings as the power measurement factors. 30. A processor comprising circuitry for performing the method of claim 28, comprising said processor provided as a chipset consisting of at least one monolithic integrated circuit chip. 31. Control apparatus for a power network of multiple power generating stations, comprising: a circuit module capable of comparing power measurement factors from at least a subset of power stations in the power network to generate power measurement factor comparison data; a circuit module capable of performing maximum power-point tracking (MPPT) based on the power measurement factor comparison data to provide MPPT data; and a circuit module capable of performing MPPT adjustments based on the MPPT data. 32. Control apparatus for a power network of multiple power generating stations, comprising: means for comparing power measurement factors from at least a subset of power stations in the power network to generate power measurement factor comparison data; means for performing maximum power-point tracking (MPPT) based on the power measurement factor comparison data to provide MPPT data; and adjustment means for performing MPPT adjustments based on the MPPT data. 33. The control apparatus of claim 32, further comprising: means for monitoring at least one power measurement factor; means for determining whether the monitored power measurement factor results in a variation from the margin threshold; and means for causing that power station to override the control from the central control unit responsive to a determination that the monitored power measurement factor results in the variation from the margin threshold. 34. A computer program product, comprising: a computer-readable medium comprising: a first instruction for causing a computer to compare power measurement factors from at least a subset of power stations in the power network to generate power measurement factor comparison data; a second instruction for causing the computer to perform maximum power-point tracking (MPPT) based on the power measurement factor comparison data to provide MPPT data; and a third instruction for causing the computer to perform MPPT adjustments based on the MPPT data. 35. The computer program produce of claim 34, further comprising a fourth instruction for causing the computer to re-evaluate and, if appropriate, reassign masters and slaves either at fixed intervals or when measured maximum power point (MPP)factors change by more than a threshold amount. 