There is described a plant (1) for converting solar energy into electrical energy, comprising a photovoltaic generator (2a) including at least one string (2) of photovoltaic modules (M), a pulse generator (31) able to send electrical pulses to the input of the string (2), a signal detector (OP) arranged at the output of the string (2) and able to detect, at the output of the string (2), the presence of a signal which is a function of the electrical pulses at the input, and alarm means connected to the signal detector (OP) and able to generate an alarm in the event that there is no signal at the output of the string (2).
Claims 1.-14. (canceled) 15. A plant for converting solar energy into electrical energy, comprising: a photovoltaic generator including at least one string of photovoltaic modules, a pulse generator able to send electrical pulses to an input of the at least one string, a signal detector arranged at an output of the at least one string and able to detect, at the output of the at least one string, the presence of a signal which is a function of the electrical pulses at the input, and alarm means connected to the signal detector and able to generate an alarm in the event that there is no signal at the output of the at least one string, wherein the pulse generator comprises an alternating wave generator and a transformer, the alternating wave generator being electrically connected to a first winding of the transformer and the at least one string being electrically connected to a second winding of the transformer. 16. The plant according to claim 15, wherein the electrical pulses at the input of the at least one string are fixed energy constant current pulses. 17. The plant according to claim 15, wherein the electrical pulses are sent at a preset frequency. 18. The plant according to claim 15, wherein the electrical pulses are sent at random time intervals. 19. The plant according to claim 15, wherein the transformer is connected in a flyback configuration. 20. The plant according to claim 15, wherein the signal detector comprises an optoisolator device. 21. The plant according to claim 15, further comprising a monitoring system to which the alarm generated by the alarm means is sent, and means of communication between the monitoring system and the alarm means comprising a serial connection. 22. An inverter for converting direct current from a photovoltaic generator into alternating current, comprising at least one string of photovoltaic module, and comprising an antitheft system comprising a pulse generator able to send electrical pulses to an input of the at least one string, a signal detector arranged at an output of the at least one string and able to detect, at the output of the at least one string, the presence of a signal which is a function of the electrical pulses at the input, and alarm means connected to the signal detector and able to generate an alarm in the event that there is no signal at the output of the at least one string, wherein the pulse generator comprises an alternating wave generator and a transformer, the alternating wave generator being electrically connected to a first winding of the transformer and the at least one string being electrically connected to a second winding of the transformer. 23. The inverter according to claim 22, in which the electrical pulses at the input of the at least one string are fixed energy constant current pulses. 24. The inverter according to claim 22, wherein the electrical pulses are sent at a preset frequency. 25. The inverter according to claim 22, wherein the electrical pulses are sent at random time intervals. 26. The inverter according to claim 22, wherein the transformer is connected in a flyback configuration. 27. The inverter according to claim 22, wherein the signal detector comprises an optoisolator device. 28. The inverter according to claim 22, further comprising a monitoring system to which the alarm generated by the alarm means is sent, and means of communication between the monitoring system and the alarm means comprising a serial connection. 