A control system is provided for controlling a load powered by an auxiliary power source during an interruption in the utility power source and/or during a power failure. The control system of the present invention provides power to essential loads in a dwelling as predetermined by a user and/or per the user's real-time instructions as the needs of the user may change. Additionally, the control system of the present invention automatically controls non-essential loads in order to maintain the auxiliary power load below the maximum threshold. Furthermore, the control system of the present invention allows the user to manually override all the controlled loads in an emergency or when the needs of the user change. Additionally, the control system of the present invention allows outside triggers to change the priority of the loads in real-time and can automatically change the priority due to predetermined tasks already running.
Claims 1. A system for managing power of an auxiliary power source, said system comprising: a primary power source; a disconnect switch coupled to said primary power source; a transfer switch coupled to said disconnect switch; an auxiliary power source coupled to said transfer switch; at least one circuit panel coupled to said transfer switch, and coupled to at least one controlled electrical load; a relay panel having at least one relay, wherein said at least one relay is coupled to said at least one controlled electrical load; and a control system coupled to said transfer switch for continuously sensing said auxiliary power source, wherein said control system is coupled to said at least one relay in said relay panel for controlling said at least one controlled electrical load thereby managing said auxiliary power source. 2. The system according to claim 1, wherein said auxiliary power source is a generator power source, a solar power source, a hydropower source, a wind power source, or a nuclear power source. 3. The system according to claim 1, wherein said primary power source is a utility power source, a solar power source, a hydropower source, a wind power source, or a nuclear power source. 4. The system according to claim 1, further comprising: a second controlled electrical load coupled to at least one relay within a second relay panel; at least one sub-panel coupled to said at least one circuit panel, and coupled to said second controlled electrical load, wherein said control system is coupled to said second relay panel for controlling said second controlled electrical load. 5. The system according to claim 1, further comprising: a third controlled electrical load coupled to at least one relay within a remote relay panel; at least one remote sub-panel coupled to said transfer switch, and coupled to said third controlled electrical load, wherein said control system is coupled to said remote relay panel for controlling said third controlled electrical load so as to manage said auxiliary power source. 6. The system according to claim 1, wherein said at least one controlled electrical load is coupled to an electrical device. 7. The system according to claim 6, wherein said electrical device is an appliance, a switch, or an outlet. 8. The system according to claim 1, wherein said transfer switch monitors for an interruption in power from a primary power source and switches power received by said at least one controlled electrical load from said primary power source to power received from said auxiliary power source in response to an interruption in power from said primary power source. 9. The system according to claim 8, wherein said transfer switch monitors said primary power source for restoration in power and switches power supplied to said at least one controlled electrical load from said auxiliary power source to said primary power source in response to the restoration in power from said primary power source. 10. The system according to claim 1, wherein said control system senses said power in said auxiliary power source based on the total demand of said at least one controlled electrical load or the frequency of said auxiliary power source. 11. The system according to claim 10, wherein said control system senses a particular level of said power in said auxiliary power source and sheds or restores said at least one controlled electrical load in response to sensing said particular level of said power. 12. The system according to claim 11, wherein said control system sheds or restores said at least one controlled electrical load based on a predetermined priority list. 13. The system according to claim 11, wherein said control system sheds or restores said at least one controlled electrical load in real-time based on a user's current preferences. 14. The system according to claim 11, wherein said control system sheds or restores said at least one controlled electrical load in real-time via a user interactive device, wherein said user interactive device is associated with or controlled by said user. 15. The system according to claim 11, wherein said control system creates a record of said user's history of usage of said at least one controlled electrical load throughout a time period. 16. The system according to claim 15, wherein said control system utilizes said record of said user's history to create an updated priority list, wherein said updated priority list includes actual usage of said at least one controlled electrical load by said user. 17. The system according to claim 16, wherein said control system sheds or restores said at least one controlled electrical load in real-time based on said updated priority list. 18. A method for managing the power supplied to a plurality of controlled electrical loads within a system, the method comprising: continuously monitoring a connection to a primary power source; sensing, via a transfer switch, an interruption in power in the primary power source, wherein the transfer switch is coupled to the primary power source via a disconnect switch; automatically transferring the power supplied to the plurality of controlled electrical loads from the primary power source to an auxiliary power source via the transfer switch, whereby the transfer switch is coupled to the auxiliary power source; continuously sensing the status of the auxiliary power source via a control system; detecting the auxiliary power source at a threshold level; shedding at least one of the plurality of controlled electrical loads from the auxiliary power source via the control system in order to avoid overloading the auxiliary power source; restoring at least one of the plurality of controlled electrical loads to the auxiliary power source via the control system; sensing the restoration of power to the primary power source via the transfer switch; and automatically transferring the power supplied to the plurality of controlled electrical loads from the auxiliary power source to the primary power source via the transfer switch. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising: sensing the power in the auxiliary power source via the control system based on a total demand of the plurality of controlled electrical loads or a frequency of the auxiliary power source. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising: alerting the user via the control system that a threshold level of power of the auxiliary power source has been reached, wherein the system allows the user to shed at least one of the plurality of controlled electrical loads based on one of a predetermined priority list, in real-time based on the user's current preferences, or a priority list created from the user's past usage of said at least one controlled electrical load. 21. The method of claim 19, further comprising: shedding and restoring, dependent upon the status of the auxiliary power source, at least one of the plurality of controlled electrical loads based on a predetermined priority list. 22. The method of claim 19, further comprising: shedding and restoring, dependent upon the status of the auxiliary power source, at least one of the plurality of controlled electrical loads in real-time based on a user's current preferences. 23. The method of claim 19, further comprising: shedding and restoring, dependent upon the status of the auxiliary power source, at least one of the plurality of controlled electrical loads in real-time as determined by a user via a user interactive device. 24. The method of claim 19, further comprising: creating a record of the user's history of usage of the plurality of controlled electrical loads throughout a time period via the control system. 25. The method of claim 24, further comprising: utilizing the record of the user's history to create an updated priority list, wherein the updated priority list includes the user's actual usage of the plurality of controlled electrical loads. 26. The method of claim 25, further comprising: shedding and restoring, dependent upon the status of the auxiliary power source, at least one of the plurality of controlled electrical loads in real-time based on the updated priority list. 27. A system for managing an auxiliary power source, said system comprising: at least one first sensor; a microprocessor, wherein said microprocessor is coupled to said at least one first sensor; at least one second sensor coupled to said microprocessor for sensing various conditions; at least one interrupter coupled to said microprocessor; and at least one controlled electrical load coupled to said at least one interrupter, wherein said control system sheds and restores said at least one controlled electrical load. 28. The system according to claim 27, wherein said at least one first sensor senses and determines a status of said auxiliary power source in order to determine at least one of the following conditions of said auxiliary power source: the current draw of said auxiliary power source or the frequency of said auxiliary power source. 29. The system according to claim 28, wherein said control system sheds or restores said at least one controlled electrical load based on said status of said auxiliary power source. 30. The system according to claim 29, wherein said control system sheds or restores said at least one controlled electrical load based on one of a predetermined priority list created in real-time based on a user's current preferences, or an updated priority list created from a user's past history of usage of said at least one controlled electrical load. 31. The system according to claim 30, wherein said microprocessor uses data received from said at least one first sensor to send a signal to said at least one interrupter, wherein said at least one interrupter uses said data to shed said at least one controlled electrical load. 32. The system according to claim 30, wherein said microprocessor uses data received from said at least one first sensor to send a signal to said at least one interrupter, wherein said at least one interrupter uses said data to restore said at least one controlled electrical load 33. The system according to claim 28, wherein said at least one second sensor senses one of an environmental condition, an occupancy condition, or an activation of vital electrical load condition. 34. The system according to claim 33, wherein said sensed environmental condition consists of a temperature, a solar light, or an ambient light. 35. The system according to claim 34, wherein said microprocessor uses data received from said at least one second sensor to send a signal to said at least one interrupter, wherein said at least one interrupter uses said data to shed at least one controlled electrical load. 36. The system according to claim 35, wherein said microprocessor uses data received from said at least one second sensor to send a signal to said at least one interrupter, wherein said at least one interrupter uses said data to restore at least one controlled electrical load. 37. The system according to claim 28, wherein said at least one controlled electrical load is shed in real-time via a user interactive device. 38. The system according to claim 28, wherein said at least one controlled electrical load is restored in real-time via a user interactive device. 39. A method for managing power supplied to a plurality of controlled electrical loads within a system, the method comprising: continuously monitoring a connection to a primary power source; sensing, via a transfer switch, an interruption in the connection to the primary power source, wherein the transfer switch is coupled to the primary power source via a disconnect switch; automatically transferring, via the transfer switch, power received by the plurality of controlled electrical loads from the primary power source to an auxiliary power source, wherein the transfer switch is coupled to the auxiliary power source; continuously sensing the status of the auxiliary power source via a control system; detecting a vital change in the environment via a sensor, wherein the sensor is coupled to said control system; maintaining a controlled electrical load necessary for stabilizing the vital change; and managing the auxiliary power source via the control system. 40. The method of claim 39, further comprising: managing the plurality of controlled electrical loads by shedding at least one of the plurality of controlled electrical loads from the auxiliary power source in order to avoid overloading the auxiliary power source. 41. The method of claim 40, further comprising: managing the plurality of controlled electrical loads by restoring at least one of the plurality of controlled electrical loads to the auxiliary power source. 42. The method of claim 41, further comprising: shedding or restoring at least one of the plurality of controlled electrical loads based on one of a predetermined priority list, the user's current preferences in real-time, or a priority list created from the user's past usage of said at least one controlled electrical load. 43. A method for managing power supplied to a plurality of controlled electrical loads within a system, the method comprising: continuously monitoring a connection to a primary power source; sensing, via a transfer switch, the connection to the primary power source, wherein the transfer switch is coupled to the primary power source via a disconnect switch; automatically transferring, via the transfer switch, the power received by the plurality of controlled electrical loads from the primary power source to an auxiliary power source, wherein the transfer switch is coupled to the auxiliary power source; continuously sensing the status of the auxiliary power source via a control system; detecting a task, which requires completion, via a sensor coupled to said control system; maintaining a controlled electrical load necessary for completing the task; and managing the auxiliary power source via the control system. 44. The method of claim 43, further comprising: managing the plurality of controlled electrical loads by shedding at least one of the plurality of controlled electrical loads from the auxiliary power source in order to avoid overloading the auxiliary power source. 45. The method of claim 44, further comprising: managing the plurality of controlled electrical loads by restoring at least one of the plurality of controlled electrical loads to the auxiliary power source. 46. The method of claim 45, further comprising: shedding and restoring at least one of the plurality of controlled electrical loads based on one of a predetermined priority list, the user's current preferences in real-time, or a priority list created from the user's past usage of said at least one controlled electrical load. 