A roof mounting system can include a roof substrate and flashing supportable on the substrate and including an outwardly extending projection having a concave interior side and an aperture extending through the projection between top and bottom surfaces of the flashing. A seal can extend through the aperture and contact at least a portion of the top surface and at least a portion of the bottom surface. The seal can be conformable with the concave interior side and can define a seal aperture substantially aligned with the flashing aperture. A mounting bracket can be supportable on the flashing and can define an aperture sized to receive at least a portion of each of the seal and the projection. A fastener can extend through the mounting bracket aperture, seal aperture, and flashing aperture to inhibit fluid flow through the flashing aperture.
Claims 1. A roof mounting system comprising: a roof substrate; flashing supportable on the roof substrate and including a top surface spaced from the roof substrate, a bottom surface, and an outwardly extending projection having a concave interior side, the flashing defining an aperture extending through the projection between the top surface and the bottom surface; a seal for inhibiting fluid entry through the aperture, the seal extending through the aperture such that the seal contacts at least a portion of the top surface of the flashing and at least a portion of the bottom surface of the flashing, the seal being conformable with the concave interior side and defining a seal aperture substantially aligned with the flashing aperture; a mounting bracket supportable on the flashing and defining an aperture sized to receive at least a portion of each of the seal and the projection; and a fastener extending through the mounting bracket aperture, the seal aperture, and the flashing aperture, wherein the seal is operable to inhibit fluid flow through the flashing aperture. 2. The roof mounting system of claim 1, wherein the seal further comprises: a first flange at least partially engaging the top surface of the flashing and having a first diameter; a second flange at least partially engaging the bottom surface of the flashing and having a second diameter; and a stem extending between the first and second portions and having a third diameter less than each of the first diameter and the second diameter, the seal aperture extending through each of the first flange, the second flange, and the stem. 3. The roof mounting system of claim 2, wherein the seal aperture is substantially aligned with the flashing aperture and the mounting bracket aperture. 4. The roof mounting system of claim 2, wherein the first flange has substantially parallel top and bottom surfaces, and wherein the stem has a substantially frustoconical shape. 5. The roof mounting system of claim 2, wherein the bottom surface of the second flange is substantially parallel to the top surface of the first flange, and wherein the stem has a substantially frustoconical shape. 6. The roof mounting system of claim 1, wherein a portion of the seal is deformable to conform to and substantially fill a space defined between the concave interior side of the projection, the fastener, and the roof substrate. 7. The roof mounting system of claim 6, wherein the portion of the seal is a first seal portion, and wherein a second seal portion is deformable to conform to and substantially fill an area of the mounting bracket aperture around the fastener. 8. The roof mounting system of claim 1, wherein the mounting bracket secures at least one of a snow fence, a solar panel, and an antenna component, to the roof substrate. 9. The roof mounting system of claim 1, wherein a rim extends outwardly from the flashing and around an outer circumference of the flashing projection, and wherein an opening communicates between an interior of the rim and an exterior for venting moisture away from the mounting bracket. 10. The roof mounting system of claim 9, wherein a channel extends into the flashing and outwardly away from the opening defined by the rim. 11. The roof mounting system of claim 1, wherein the mounting bracket includes a lower surface engageable with the flashing, wherein a recess extends through the lower surface and at least partially around the mounting bracket aperture, and wherein an opening extends through a side surface of the mounting bracket communicating between the recess and an exterior of the mounting bracket to vent moisture away from the mounting bracket. 12. The roof mounting system of claim 1, wherein the projection has a frustoconical exterior end. 13. The roof mounting system of claim 1, wherein the seal extends into and is matingly received in the mounting bracket aperture. 14. The roof mounting system of claim 1, further comprising a washer positioned between the fastener and the mounting bracket, the washer operable to inhibit flow of moisture into the mounting bracket aperture. 15. A roof mounting system comprising: a roof substrate; flashing secured to the roof substrate, the flashing including a first projection and a second projection, the second projection having a substantially frustoconical shape, the flashing defining a flashing aperture extending through the second projection; a rigid base positionable between the roof substrate and the flashing and including a top surface spaced from the roof substrate and having an outwardly extending projection having an exterior side forming a frustoconical end, a bottom surface, an aperture extending through the projection and communicating between the top and bottom surfaces, and a tooth extending outwardly from the bottom surface and being engageable with the substrate; a mounting bracket supportable on the flashing and defining an aperture sized to receive at least a portion of the projection; and a fastener extending through the mounting bracket aperture, the projection aperture, and the flashing aperture, wherein the projection is operable to inhibit fluid flow through the projection aperture. 16. The roof mounting system of claim 15, wherein the flashing is a flexible membrane deformable to receive the rigid base between the roof substrate and the flexible membrane. 17. The roof mounting system of claim 16, wherein the fastener is shaped to pierce the flexible membrane to form a membrane aperture and the flexible membrane substantially seals against the fastener adjacent the membrane aperture to inhibit fluid flow through the projection aperture. 18. The roof mounting system of claim 15, wherein the rigid base includes a plurality of teeth extending outwardly from the bottom surface, the teeth engageable with the roof substrate to inhibit at least one of rotation and translation of the rigid base with respect to the roof substrate. 19. The roof mounting system of claim 15, further comprising a washer positioned between a head of the fastener and the roof bracket sized to distribute a force from the fastener head onto the roof bracket. 20. The roof mounting system of claim 15, further comprising a sealing ring positioned between a head of the fastener and the roof bracket, the sealing ring operable to inhibit flow of fluid between the fastener head and the roof bracket. 21. The roof mounting system of claim 15, further comprising a spring washer positioned between a head of the fastener and the roof bracket, the spring washer bears against the roof bracket to bias the roof bracket into engagement with the rigid base projection to inhibit flow of fluid between the fastener and the rigid base aperture. 22. A roof mounting system comprising: a roof bracket defining a bracket aperture, the bracket aperture having a generally frustoconical shape; a flashing defining a flashing aperture extending therethrough; a seal having a generally frustoconical shape and defining a seal aperture extending therethrough; and a fastener sized to extend through the bracket aperture, the flashing aperture and the seal aperture to couple the roof bracket, flashing and seal to a roof surface, the fastener positioned to press the roof bracket into abutment with the flashing protrusion and the seal to inhibit flow of fluid through at least one of the bracket aperture, the flashing aperture and the seal aperture. 23. The roof mounting system of claim 22, further comprising a washer positioned between a head of the fastener and the roof bracket to distribute a force from the fastener to the roof bracket. 24. The roof mounting system of claims 22, further comprising a sealing ring positioned between a head of the fastener and the roof bracket to further inhibit flow of fluid through the bracket aperture. 25. The roof mounting system of claim 22, further comprising a spring washer positioned between a head of the fastener and the roof bracket to further bias the roof bracket against the flashing and the seal. 26. The roof mounting system of claim 22, wherein the fastener is positioned to bias the roof bracket, flashing and seal against the roof surface to form a substantially water tight seal. 27. The roof mounting system of claim 22, wherein the seal defines a first seal diameter at a narrow end of the seal and a second seal diameter at a wide end of the seal, the second seal diameter is greater than the first seal diameter, wherein the wide end of the seal is adjacent the roof surface. 28. The roof mounting system of claim 27, wherein the bracket aperture defines a first aperture diameter at a narrow end of the aperture and a second aperture diameter at a wide end of the aperture, the second aperture diameter is greater than the first aperture diameter, wherein the wide end of the aperture is proximate to the roof surface and the narrow end of the aperture is distal from the roof surface. 29. The roof mounting system of claim 28, wherein the second seal diameter is greater than the flashing aperture diameter. 30. The roof mounting system of claim 27, wherein the flashing aperture diameter is less than the second seal diameter. 31. The roof mounting system of claim 22, wherein the flashing defines a protrusion having a generally frustoconical shape. 32. The roof mounting system of claim 1, wherein the seal is a single, monolithic piece. 