An artificial light power generation system that includes a housing, at least one artificial light source disposed within the housing, and at least one photovoltaic panel disposed within the housing in light receiving relation to the artificial light source. The photovoltaic panel includes a direct current electrical output to an inverter, which converts the direct current into alternating current and outputs this alternating current through an alternating current electrical output.
Claims 1. An artificial light power generation system comprising: a housing; at least one artificial light source disposed within said housing; at least one photovoltaic panel disposed within said housing in light receiving relation to said at least one artificial light source, said at least one photovoltaic panel comprising at least one direct current electrical output though which direct current electrical power from said at least one photovoltaic panel flows; and an inverter means for converting said direct current electrical power into alternating current electrical power, wherein said inverter means is in electrical communication with said at least one direct current electrical output of said at least one photovoltaic panel and comprises at least one alternating current electrical output though which alternating current electrical power from said inverter flows. 2. The artificial light power generation system as claimed in claim 1 further comprising a means for increasing a flow of current of said direct current electrical power, wherein said means for increasing a flow of current is disposed between, and in electrical communication with, said at least one photovoltaic panel and said inverter. 3. The artificial light power generation system as claimed in claim 2 wherein said means for increasing a flow of current of said direct current electrical power is an interface module. 4. The artificial light power generation system as claimed in claim 2 wherein said interface module is selected from a group consisting of a rheostat and a current transformer. 5. The artificial light power generation system as claimed in claim 2 wherein said means for increasing a flow of current of said direct current electrical power is a battery. 6. The artificial light power generation system as claimed in claim 2 wherein said at least one artificial light source comprise at least one fluorescent light fixture, wherein said housing is dimensioned for mounting to a ceiling and comprises a closed bottom and an open top, wherein said at least one photovoltaic panel is mounted proximate to said closed bottom of said housing and wherein said at least one fluorescent light fixture is mounted between said at least one photovoltaic panel and said open top of said housing such that light from said at least one fluorescent light fixture irradiates both said photovoltaic panel and an area below said housing. 7. The artificial light power generation system as claimed in claim 6 further comprising a light transmitting cover attached to said housing, wherein said cover is dimensioned to enclosed at least a portion of said open top of said housing. 8. The artificial light power generation system as claimed in claim 7 wherein at least one of said at least one fluorescent light fixture is an ultraviolet fluorescent light fixture and wherein said light transmitting cover comprises an ultraviolet filter for filtering a substantial portion of ultraviolet rays passing therethrough. 9. The artificial light power generation system as claimed in claim 2 wherein said housing comprises a base portion shaped as a hollow rectangular prism having an open top and a front panel dimensioned to cover said open top of and prevent a substantially amount of light from escaping from said housing. 10. The artificial light power generation system as claimed in claim 9 wherein said front panel of said housing is rotatably attached to said base portion of said housing. 11. The artificial light power generation system as claimed in claim 10 wherein at least one artificial light source is attached to said front panel of said housing. 12. The artificial light power generation system as claimed in claim 2 further comprising a power controller in electrical communication with said inverter, an electrical supply panel, and a power grid, wherein said power controller controls a flow of power to said electrical supply panel from said inverter and said power grid. 13. The artificial light power generation system as claimed in claim 12 wherein said inverter is a grid-tie inverter and wherein said power controller controls a flow of power to said electrical supply panel from said inverter and said power grid and a flow of power to said power grid from said inverter. 14. The artificial light power generation system as claimed in claim 12 wherein said means for increasing a flow of current of said direct current electrical power is a battery, wherein said system further comprises a communication link between said battery and said power controller, and wherein said power controller controls a flow of power from said battery to said inverter and controls a flow of power to said electrical supply panel from said inverter and said power grid. 15. The artificial light power generation system as claimed in claim 2 wherein said at least one light source comprises at least one fiber optic light source. 16. An artificial light power generation system comprising: a housing; at least fiber optic light source disposed within said housing; at least one photovoltaic cell disposed within said housing in light receiving relation to said at least one fiber optic light source, said at least one photovoltaic cell comprising at least one direct current electrical output though which direct current electrical power from said at least one photovoltaic cell flows; and a means for increasing a flow of current of said direct current electrical power, wherein said means for increasing a flow of current is disposed between, and in electrical communication with, said at least one photovoltaic panel. 17. The artificial light power generation system as claimed in claim 16 wherein said means for increasing a flow of current comprises a direct current step-up transformer. 18. The artificial light power generation system as claimed in claim 17 wherein said at least one photovoltaic cell comprises a plurality of photovoltaic cells and wherein each of said plurality of photovoltaic panels is in light receiving communication with at least one of said at least one fiber optic light source. 19. The artificial light power generation system as claimed in claim 18 further comprising a plurality of reflective covers, wherein each of said plurality of reflective covers is disposed in light reflecting relation to one of said plurality of photovoltaic cells. 20. The artificial light power generation system as claimed in claim 19 wherein said housing comprises a hollow cylindrical prism having an interior surface of substantially circular cross section, wherein each of said plurality of photovoltaic cells is substantially circular, wherein each of said plurality of reflective covers is dome shaped, wherein said photovoltaic cells and said domed shaped reflective covers are stacked within said interior surface of said housing, and wherein said at least one fiber optic light source comprises a single fiber optic light source in communication with each of said plurality of photovoltaic cells. 