A photovoltaic assembly is provided, which includes a docking station to facilitate the transmission of DC electricity from the photovoltaic panel and the transmission of AC electricity to various electric appliances. The photovoltaic assembly includes an inverter module that connects to the docking station through a connector. The system enables replacement and insertion of the inverter module without affecting the functioning of the photovoltaic assembly.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic assembly, the photovoltaic assembly comprising: at least one photovoltaic panel, the at least one photovoltaic panel being capable of converting solar energy to Direct Current (DC) electricity; an inverter module, the inverter module being capable of converting the DC electricity to Alternating Current (AC) electricity; a docking station, the docking station being capable of transmitting the DC electricity from the at least one photovoltaic panel to the inverter module; a first connector, the first connector capable of being mounted on the docking station, wherein the first connector is hot pluggable; and a second connector, the second connector capable of being mounted on the inverter module, wherein the second connector is hot pluggable; wherein the inverter module is electrically connected to the docking station by mating the first connector and the second connector. 2. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 1, wherein the docking station transmits the AC electricity from the inverter module to at least one electrical appliance. 3. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 1, wherein at least one of the first connector and the second connector comprise integral alignment pins, the integral alignment pins being capable of facilitating alignment of the first connector with the second connector. 4. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 1, further comprising a mounting mechanism for mounting the inverter module on the docking station. 5. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 1, further comprising a latching mechanism for latching the inverter module to the docking station. 6. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 1, further comprising an alignment mechanism for facilitating alignment of the inverter module and the docking station. 7. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 6, wherein the inverter module is aligned with the docking station using a set of integral alignment pins, the alignment pins being present on at least one of the first and second connector. 8. A power-conversion assembly for converting Direct Current (DC) electricity to Alternating Current (AC) electricity, the power-conversion assembly comprising: an inverter module, the inverter module being capable of converting the DC electricity to the AC electricity; a docking station, the docking station being capable of transmitting the DC electricity from at least one source of DC electricity to the inverter module; a first connector, the first connector capable of being mounted on the docking station, wherein the first connector is hot pluggable; and a second connector, the second connector capable of being mounted on the inverter module, wherein the second connector is hot pluggable; wherein the inverter module is electrically connected to the docking station by mating the first connector and the second connector. 9. The power-conversion assembly of claim 8, wherein the docking station transmits the AC electricity from the inverter module to at least one electrical appliance. 10. The power-conversion assembly of claim 8, wherein the inverter module comprises a plurality of screws for connecting the inverter module to the docking station. 11. The power-conversion assembly of claim 10, wherein the docking station includes a plurality of threaded holes for accommodating the plurality of screws present in the inverter module. 12. The power-conversion assembly of claim 8, wherein the inverter module includes a plurality of alignment pins for connecting the inverter module with the docking station. 13. The power-conversion assembly of claim 12, wherein the docking station includes a plurality of sockets for accommodating the plurality of alignment pins of the inverter module. 14. The power-conversion assembly of claim 8, wherein the docking station includes a slide plate for supporting the inverter module. 15. The power-conversion assembly of claim 8, wherein the docking station includes a shelf for supporting the inverter module. 16. The power-conversion assembly of claim 8, wherein the inverter module comprises a handle for facilitating handling of the inverter module. 17. A docking station, the docking station being capable of performing at least one of transmitting Direct Current (DC) electricity from at least one source of DC electricity to an inverter module and transmitting Alternating Current (AC) electricity from the inverter module to at least one electrical appliance, the docking station comprising: a first connector, the first connector being capable of electrically connecting the inverter module with the docking station, wherein the first connector is hot pluggable; a support member, the support member being capable of supporting the inverter module; and a docking box, the docking box being capable of providing mechanical support to the first connector and the support member, and housing electrical components of the docking station. 18. The docking station of claim 17, wherein the support member is a slide plate. 19. The docking station of claim 18, wherein the support member is a shelf. 20. A connector assembly for electrically connecting an inverter module to a docking station, the docking station being capable of transmitting Direct Current (DC) electricity from at least one source of DC electricity to the inverter module, and the inverter module being capable of converting DC electricity to Alternating Current (AC) electricity, the connector assembly comprising: a first connector, the first connector capable of being mounted on the docking station, wherein the first connector is hot pluggable; and a second connector, the second connector capable of being mounted on the inverter module, wherein the second connector is hot pluggable; wherein the inverter module is electrically connected to the docking station by mating the first connector and the second connector. 21. The connector assembly of claim 20, wherein the at least one source of DC electricity is a set of photovoltaic panels, the set of photovoltaic panels being capable of converting solar energy to DC electricity. 