An arrangement to stabilize a power-grid is provided. The grid is coupled with a power-system via an inverter-system, while the power-system feeds in electrical power into the grid when needed. A synchronous generator is connected with the grid. The synchronous generator is designed to compensate sudden load-changes of the grid.
Claims 1.-8. (canceled) 9. An arrangement to stabilize a grid, comprising: a grid; a power-system; an inverter system; and a synchronous generator, wherein the grid is coupled with the power-system via the inverter-system while the power-system feeds electrical power into the grid as needed, wherein the synchronous generator is connected with the grid, and wherein the synchronous generator is designed to compensate for sudden load-changes of the grid. 10. The arrangement as claimed in claim 9, wherein the synchronous generator is a generator of an energy-storage-system. 11. The arrangement as claimed in claim 10, wherein the generator is connected with the energy-storage-system by a clutch, wherein when the clutch is open the generator is allowed to compensate for load-changes, and wherein when the clutch is closed the generator is allowed to feed additional power into the grid from the energy-storage-system if needed. 12. The arrangement as claimed in claim 11, wherein the clutch connects or disconnects the generator during full speed of the generator. 13. The arrangement as claimed in claim 10, wherein the energy storage-system includes an electrolyser, a hydrogen gas-storage, and a power-plant, wherein the electrolyser is connected to the hydrogen gas-storage, wherein the hydrogen gas-storage is connected to the power plant, wherein the generator is assigned to the power-plant, wherein the power-plant includes a steam-turbine and/or a gas-turbine, which are coupled via a shaft with a common generator or with a plurality of individual generators, and wherein while surplus electrical power is delivered to the electrolyser, the electrolyser decomposes water into oxygen and hydrogen gas using the delivered surplus electrical power, the hydrogen gas is stored at the hydrogen gas-storage, the stored hydrogen gas is supplied to the gas-turbine which is used to provide mechanical power and exhaust heat, the exhaust heat is used to generate steam for a steam turbine and to drive the generator, the steam is supplied to the steam-turbine which is also used to drive a same or a different generator while the generator produces electrical power for the grid. 14. The arrangement as claimed in claim 11, wherein the energy storage-system includes an electrolyser, a hydrogen gas-storage, and a power-plant, wherein the electrolyser is connected to the hydrogen gas-storage, wherein the hydrogen gas-storage is connected to the power plant, wherein the generator is assigned to the power-plant, wherein the power-plant includes a steam-turbine and/or a gas-turbine, which are coupled via a shaft with a common generator or with a plurality of individual generators, and wherein while surplus electrical power is delivered to the electrolyser, the electrolyser decomposes water into oxygen and hydrogen gas using the delivered surplus electrical power, the hydrogen gas is stored at the hydrogen gas-storage, the stored hydrogen gas is supplied to the gas-turbine which is used to provide mechanical power and exhaust heat, the exhaust heat is used to generate steam for a steam turbine and to drive the generator, the steam is supplied to the steam-turbine which is also used to drive a same or a different generator while the generator produces electrical power for the grid. 15. The arrangement as claimed in claim 9, wherein the synchronous generator is a rotating electrical generator. 16. The arrangement as claimed in claim 9, wherein the power-system comprises a wind-turbine, a wind-farm, a photovoltaic power-plant, or a fuel-cell power-plant, and wherein the power-system delivers a time-dependent output-power to the grid. 17. The arrangement as claimed in claim 9, wherein the synchronous generator is connected with an auxiliary motor, which is used to overcome inner losses of the synchronous generator, and/or wherein the synchronous generator has a rotating inertia to provide additional grid stabilization capabilities of the synchronous generator. 18. The arrangement as claimed in claim 11, wherein a control system controls the connecting and the disconnecting of the clutch. 19. The arrangement as claimed in claim 12, wherein the control system controls the connecting and the disconnecting of the clutch. 20. The arrangement as claimed in claim 11, wherein the control system controls a power management for a power delivery to the grid. 21. The arrangement as claimed in claim 12, wherein the control system controls the power management for the power delivery to the grid. 