In a method and devices for forming a temporary electrical contact to a solar cell for testing purposes, probes form a contact to the electrode terminals of a solar cell held by a sample holder. The probes are held by a probe holder and exhibit an elastic, electrically conductive contact element and at least one reference sensor. In order to form a contact, the solar cell and the probes are positioned in relation to each other, and then a probe is placed on an electrode terminal of the solar cell. To this end, a feed motion of the probe is carried out until a reference sensor of the probe generates a reference signal upon reaching a predefined distance. Then the feed motion is continued by a predefined path that goes beyond the contact element making contact with the electrode terminal, in order to carry out an overtravel.
Claims 1. A method for forming a temporary electrical contact to a solar cell for testing purposes, holding at least one solar cell by a sample holder, said solar cell comprising at least two electrode terminals, on which the electrical contact is formed, holding at least one probe, which serves to form a contact to an electrode terminal, by a probe holder, the probe being moveable in at least one direction and comprising at least one elastic, electrically conductive contact element and at least one reference sensor, in order to indicate a distance of the contact element from an electrode terminal, positioning the solar cell or the probe relative to each other in such a manner that the electrode terminal of the solar cell and the probe are opposite each other so as to be spaced apart in a possible movement direction of the probe, carrying out a feed motion of the probe to an electrode terminal in said movement direction until the reference sensor of the probe generates, upon reaching a pre-defined, known distance of the reference sensor from a reference surface on the solar cell, an electric reference signal, and continuing the feed motion by a predefined path that goes beyond the contact element touching the electrode terminal, in order to carry out an overtravel of the contact element. 2. Method, as claimed in claim 1, wherein the feed motion of the probe, exhibiting a torsion spring as the contact element, is carried out, wherein after generating the reference signal, the contact element of the probe experiences a deflection movement out of a resting position during overtravel in such a manner that the deflection movement exhibits a directional component in the movement direction of the feed motion and a directional component at right angles thereto. 3. Method, as claimed in claim 1, wherein an electrode terminal on a front side and an electrode terminal on a rear side of the solar cell form an electrical contact to one probe respectively. 4. Method, as claimed in claim 3, wherein a solar cell is positioned between at least one pair of two opposite probes, and both probes form a contact to the solar cell by opposite feed motions. 5. Method, as claimed in claim 1, wherein a rear side of the solar cell rests on the sample holder, and an electrode terminal on the rear side of the solar cell forms a contact by way of an electric conductor of the sample holder. 6. Method, as claimed in claim 1, wherein an electrode terminal of a solar cell forms a simultaneous contact by several contact elements of a probe. 7. Method, as claimed in claim 1, wherein at least two electrode terminals on a same side of a solar cell form a simultaneous contact by at least two probes. 8. Method, as claimed in claim 6, wherein the feed motion of a probe for forming a linear or a two-dimensionally expanded contact to an electrode terminal or a probe arrangement, which comprises a plurality of probes, which are distributed linearly or two-dimensionally, is controlled by at least two reference sensors, which are spaced apart from each other and which both generate a separate reference signal, and wherein the feed motion of the probe or the probe arrangement is made up of two partial movements, which are controlled independently of each other by the two reference sensors. 9. Method, as claimed in claim 1, wherein the reference signal is generated as a result of the reference sensor coming into contact with the reference surface on the solar cell. 10. Method, as claimed in claim 1, wherein the reference surface is an electrode terminal of the solar cell. 11. Method, as claimed in claim 1, wherein the solar cell is arranged in a first step on the sample holder, and then subsequently the solar cell, connected to the sample holder, and a probe are positioned relative to each other. 12. Method, as claimed in claim 1, wherein the solar cell and the probe are positioned in relation to each other by a snapshot and an image evaluation of the electrode terminal on the solar cell. 13. A probe for forming a temporary electrical contact to a solar cell for testing purposes, comprising: at least one elastic, electrically conductive contact element, having a tip, for forming the electrical contact, at least one reference sensor for indicating a distance of the contact element from a reference surface, and one mounting plane, with respect to which the tip of the contact element is aligned. 14. Probe, as claimed in claim 13, wherein a plurality of contact elements are arranged side by side in such a manner that tips of the elements lie in a plane, wherein the contact elements are connected in parallel and wherein at least two reference sensors are arranged so as to be spaced apart from each other. 15. Probe, as claimed in claim 13, wherein the at least one contact elements comprises an electrically conductive torsion spring. 16. Probe, as claimed in claim 13, wherein the at least one contact element comprises an elastically deformable, electrically conductive plastic body. 17. Probe, as claimed in claim 13, wherein the reference sensor comprises two elastically, electrically conductive reference elements, which are arranged so as to be electrically insulated in relation to the contact element and adjacent to said at least one contact element in such a manner that the reference elements and the at least one contact element can be placed side by side on an electrode terminal of the solar cell. 18. A device for forming a temporary electrical contact to a solar cell for testing purposes, comprising: a sample holder with a mounting surface for receiving a solar cell, having at least one electrode terminal, a probe holder, which holds at least one probe, as claimed in claim 13, and comprises a motion device, for carrying out a feed motion of the at least one probe to the solar cell, a positioning device for positioning the solar cell or the at least one probe relative to one another, and a control unit for controlling the feed motion of the at least one probe, the central unit being electrically connected to each reference sensor of the probe. 19. Device, as claimed in claim 18, wherein a plurality of probes are arranged on a probe carrier and are held by the probe holder by way of said probe carrier. 20. Device, as claimed in claim 18, wherein the probe holder comprises at least two reference sensors, and the at least one probe is held in a statically determined manner by the probe holder. 21. Device, as claimed in claim 20, wherein the motion device of the probe holder comprises at least two drives with a force attack, which are spaced apart from each other, and the drives are controlled separately based on reference signals of both reference sensors. 22. Device, as claimed in claim 18, wherein at least two probes are arranged on the probe holder in such a manner that the probes lie opposite each other, and the sample holder with the solar cell can be positioned between the probes. 23. Device, as claimed in claim 18, wherein the sample holder comprises at least one vacuum suction mechanism, with a suction hole in the mounting surface, wherein the suction hole adjoins a vacuum source and is surrounded by an inflatable lip, which forms a closed ring in the mounting surface and which in a non-inflated state seals flush with the mounting surface. 24. Device, as claimed in claim 18, wherein the sample holder comprises at least one recess, by which a probe can form a contact to the solar cell on a side of the cell which rests on the sample holder. 25. Device, as claimed in claim 18, further comprising an image capturing unit for taking and evaluating an image of the solar cell, said unit being connected to the positioning device to control the positioning of the solar cell and the at least one probe in relation to each other. 