A grid support system for tracker-mounted solar panel array for rooftop applications includes a base frame having a plurality of interconnected lateral members which define a generally planar area substantially parallel with the rooftop. The system also includes a set of support legs corresponding to each one of the tracker devices. The set of support legs are secured to the lateral members and extend upward and inward toward one another to a respective tracker mounting plate. The tracker mounting plate supports a tracker device and associated solar panel(s). A plurality of ballast trays are secured to the base frame and are adapted to hold a plurality of ballast weights for applying a downward force on the base frame to stabilize and resist movement of the base frame.
Claims 1. In a terrestrial photovoltaic system including an array of tracker devices each supporting at least one solar panel on a rooftop, an apparatus for supporting the tracker devices and associated solar panels, comprising: a base frame including a plurality of interconnected lateral members which define a generally planar area substantially parallel with the rooftop; a set of support legs corresponding to each one of the tracker devices, said set of support legs mounted to said lateral members and extending upward and inward toward one another to a tracker mounting plate, said tracker mounting plate for supporting a corresponding tracker device and at least one solar panel secured thereto; and a plurality of ballast trays attached to said base frame and adapted to hold a plurality of ballast weights for applying a downward force on said base frame to stabilize and resist movement of said base frame. 2. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein: said set of support legs includes four legs that define a generally pyramidal shape. 3. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein: said ballast trays are attached to said base frame along at least a perimeter portion of said generally planar area. 4. An apparatus according to claim 3, wherein: said ballast trays are mounted to parallel pairs of lateral members. 5. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein: said lateral members of said base frame which connect to said set of support legs are substantially parallel relative to each other. 6. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein: said lateral members are arranged in a grid including a first set of said lateral members that extend in a parallel direction relative to each other and a second set of lateral members that extend in a perpendicular direction relative to said first set of lateral members. 7. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein: each given support leg is secured to a corresponding lateral member with leg attachment means that provides for moveable fixation of the given support leg relative the corresponding lateral member along the length of the corresponding lateral member. 8. An apparatus according to claim 7, wherein: said leg attachment means comprises a flange mounted to said given support leg with a through-opening to allow for bolt-on connection to the corresponding lateral member, a guide channel within the corresponding lateral member that is defined by oppositely disposed sidewalls with oppositely disposed lips projecting from said sidewalls, a connector retained inside said guide channel below said lips, and at least one bolt that extends through said through-opening of said flange into said guide channel of the corresponding lateral member to mate with said connector, whereby said connector grips bottom sides of said lip of said corresponding lateral member to fixably secure the given support leg to said corresponding lateral member. 9. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein: each of said tracker mounting plates has two parts, each of said parts having a top section and a side section extending at an angle from said top section, wherein a first plurality of support legs of a given set are secured to said side section of one of said two parts of a corresponding mounting plate, and a second plurality of support legs of a given set are secured to said side section of the other of said two parts, said top sections of said corresponding mounting plate forming a generally planar mounting surface. 10. An apparatus according to claim 9, wherein: said two parts of each mounting plate are symmetrical and lie opposite each other. 11. A terrestrial photovoltaic system for use on a rooftop comprising: a plurality of solar panels; an array of tracker devices each supporting at least one of said plurality of solar panels; a base frame including a plurality of interconnected lateral members which define a generally planar area substantially parallel with the rooftop; a set of support legs corresponding to each one of said tracker devices, said set of support legs secured to said lateral members and extending upward and inward toward one another to a tracker mounting plate, said tracker mounting plate for supporting a corresponding tracker device and at least one solar panel secured thereto; and a plurality of ballast trays attached to said base frame and holding a plurality of ballast weights for applying a downward force on said base frame to stabilize and resist movement of said base frame. 12. A terrestrial photovoltaic system according to claim 11, wherein: said set of support legs includes four legs that define a generally pyramidal shape. 13. A terrestrial photovoltaic system according to claim 11, wherein: said ballast trays are attached to said base frame along at least a perimeter portion of said generally planar area. 14. A terrestrial photovoltaic system according to claim 13, wherein: said ballast trays are mounted to parallel pairs of lateral members. 15. A terrestrial photovoltaic system according to claim 11, wherein: said lateral members of said base frame which connect to said set of support legs are substantially parallel relative to each other. 16. A terrestrial photovoltaic system according to claim 11, wherein: said lateral members are arranged in a grid including a first set of said lateral members that extend in a parallel direction relative to each other and a second set of lateral members that extend in a perpendicular direction relative to said first set of lateral members. 17. A terrestrial photovoltaic system according to claim 11, wherein: each given support leg is secured to a corresponding lateral member with leg attachment means that provides for moveable fixation of the given support leg relative the corresponding lateral member along the length of the corresponding lateral member. 18. A terrestrial photovoltaic system according to claim 17, wherein: said leg attachment means comprises a flange mounted to said given support leg with a through-opening to allow for bolt-on connection to the corresponding lateral member, a guide channel within the corresponding lateral member that is defined by oppositely disposed sidewalls with oppositely disposed lips projecting from said sidewalls, a connector retained inside said guide channel below said lips, and at least one bolt that extends through said through-opening of said flange into said guide channel of the corresponding lateral member to mate with said connector, whereby said connector grips bottom sides of said lip of said corresponding lateral member to fixably secure the given support leg to said corresponding lateral member. 19. A terrestrial photovoltaic system according to claim 11, wherein: each of said tracker mounting plates has two parts, each of said parts having a top section and a side section extending at an angle from said top section, wherein a first plurality of support legs of a given set are secured to said side section of one of said two parts of a corresponding mounting plate, and a second plurality of support legs of a given set are secured to said side section of the other of said two parts, said top sections of said corresponding mounting plate forming a generally planar mounting surface. 20. A terrestrial photovoltaic system according to claim 19, wherein: said two parts of each mounting plate are symmetrical and lie opposite each other. 