A device for processing a usable surface extending on a usable side of a substrate (11) having a large surface area, particularly such having a length or width >0.5 m and a thickness <1 cm, through the substrate, has at least three bearing elements (21, 23, 25) disposed at a distance from each other for receiving the substrate (11), and a movable processing device for processing the substrate between the bearing elements from the rear of the substrate. The bearings support the substrate, and processing of the glass substrate can be carried out in the at least two intermediate regions between the bearing elements from the rear. At least one non-terminal bearing element is disposed displaceable or movable relative to the substrate in order to make the entire usable surface of the substrate accessible to the processing device by displacement or movement.
Claims 1. A device for processing a usable surface on a usable side of a glass substrate having a relatively large surface area, through the glass substrate, comprising: at least three bearing means set apart from one another for receiving a glass substrate having a usable surface, a length or width greater than 0.5 m and a thickness less than 1 cm, a movable processing means equipped with at least one laser source, for processing the usable surface of the substrate in at least two regions between the bearing means, a displacement means for providing a relative displacement between the substrate and at least one of the at least three bearing means so that an entire usable surface of the substrate can be made accessible to the moveable processing means by a relative displacement or movement of at least one of the at least three bearing means in relation to the substrate. 2. The device according to claim 1, wherein the at least one laser source if configured for laser ablation and is configured for structuring thin-layer silicon solar modules. 3. The device according to claim 1, wherein the at least three or more bearing means comprises at least one non-terminal bearing means configured to be displaceable or movable so that an entire usable surface of the glass substrate can be made accessible to the processing means by displacing or moving the at least one non-terminal bearing means. 4. The device according to claim 3, further comprising a means for moving the at least one non-terminal bearing means. 5. The device according to claim 1, further comprising a conveying device configured for displacing the glass substrate by at least the width of the at least three bearing means so that the entire usable surface of the glass substrate can be made accessible to the processing means. 6. The device according to claim 1, wherein the processing means is movable in two intersecting directions, so that processing from the back of the glass substrate is possible in the at least two regions between the at least three bearing means. 7. The device according to claim 1, wherein the at least one laser source is configured to simultaneously process the usable surface of the glass substrate with at least one laser beam. 8. The device according to claim 1, wherein movement of the movable processing means and movement of the at least three bearing means are mechanically coupled. 9. A method for processing a usable surface extending on a usable side of a substrate, comprising: fixing a substrate during a processing process so as to be positionally stable relative to at least three bearings, and processing the substrate through the substrate opposite a usable surface of the substrate processing regions of the usable surface that are covered by the bearings by displacing the relative position of the substrate in relation to at least one non-terminal bearing by at least a width of at least one of the bearings and processing the regions through the substrate. 10. The method according to claim 9, further comprising depositing the substrate on the at least three bearings in a spaced apart arrangement and further comprising processing the regions of the usable surface that are covered by the at least three bearings by displacing the relative position of the substrate in relation to at least one bearing by at least the width of the at least one bearing and by at most the spacing between the at least three bearings and processing the usable surface which has not yet been processed. 11. The method according to claim 9, further comprising holding the substrate in a fixed position and displacing the bearings in order to make previously covered regions of the usable surface accessible. 12. The method according to claim 9, further comprising holding the bearings in a fixed position and displacing the substrate in order to make previously covered regions of the usable surface accessible. 13. The method according to claim 9, further comprising displacing both the bearings and the substrate in order to make previously covered regions of the usable surface accessible. 14. The method according to claim 9, further comprising providing at least one laser source and moving the at least one laser source in two intersecting directions for processing the usable surface of the substrate. 15. The method according to claim 9, further comprising adjusting the processing with respect to a spacing from the back of the substrate in order to change from one intermediate region between two bearings to a next intermediate region. 16. The method according to claim 9, further comprising rotating the substrate between two processing steps about an axis perpendicular to the usable surface. 17. The method according to claim 9, further comprising monitoring the usable surface of the substrate resting on the bearings from either the usable side or the back of the substrate and processing the substrate according to the monitoring. 19. The device according to claim 1, wherein the at least three bearing means have at least one of an air cushion or a combination of an air cushion and suction extraction. 19. A device for processing a usable surface of a glass substrate, comprising; a plurality of bearing devices set apart from one another and configured to receive a glass substrate having a relatively large usable surface; at least one movable laser source configured to process the usable surface of the glass substrate through the glass substrate in at least two regions between the plurality of bearing devices; a displacement device configured to provide relative displacement between the substrate and the plurality of bearing devices so that an entire usable surface of the glass substrate can be made accessible to the at least one moveable laser by a relative movement of the plurality of bearing devices relative to the glass substrate. 20. The device according to claim 19, wherein movement of the at least one movable laser source and movement of the plurality of bearing devices is mechanically coupled. 