A method of forming a multifunction solar cell including an upper subcell, a middle subcell, and a lower subcell by providing a first substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming a first solar subcell on the substrate having a first band gap; forming a second solar subcell over the first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than the first band gap; forming a graded interlayer over the second subcell, the graded interlayer having a third band gap greater than the second band gap; forming a third solar subcell over the graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than the second band gap such that the third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to the second subcell; attaching a surrogate second substrate over the third solar subcell and removing the first substrate; and etching a first trough around the periphery of the solar cell to the surrogate second substrate so as to form a mesa structure on the surrogate second substrate and facilitate the removal of said solar cell from the surrogate second substrate.
Claims 1. A method of forming a multifunction solar cell comprising an upper subcell, a middle subcell, and a lower subcell comprising: providing a first substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming an upper first solar subcell on said first substrate having a first band gap; forming a middle second solar subcell over said first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a graded interlayer over said second solar cell; forming a lower third solar subcell over said graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell; attaching a surrogate second substrate over said third solar subcell and removing said first substrate; and etching a first trough around the periphery of said solar cell to the surrogate second substrate so as to form a mesa structure on said surrogate second substrate and facilitate the removal of said solar cell from the surrogate second substrate. 2. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the graded interlayer has a third band gap greater than said second band gap. 3. The method as defined in claim 1, further comprising etching a second trough around the periphery of said solar cell so as to form a mesa structure on said surrogate second substrate, wherein the second trough lies inside the periphery of the first trough. 4. The method as defined in claim 1,further comprising forming a contact metal layer over said lower third solar subcell. 5. The method as defined in claim 4, wherein the depth of the second trough extends down to said contact metal layer. 6. The method as defined in claim 4, wherein the contact metal layer is a sequence of layers including Ti/Au/Ag/Au. 7. The method as defined claim 1, wherein the depth of the first trough extends down to the surface of the surrogate second substrate. 8. The method as defined in claim 7, further comprising mounting a cover glass over said upper first subcell extending to the edge of said first trough. 9. The method as defined in claim 8, further comprising removing the surrogate second substrate, so that the periphery of the solar cell is defined by the first trough. 10. A method as defined in claim 6, wherein the contact layers are deposited by e-beam evaporation. 11. A method as defined in claim 8, wherein the cover glass is mounted using an adhesive. 12. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the upper subcell is composed of InGa(Al)P. 13. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the middle subcell is composed of an GaAs, GaInP, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and a GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 14. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the lower solar subcell is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter layer, or a InGaAs base layer and a InGaP emitter layer. 15. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the graded interlayer is compositionally graded to lattice match the middle subcell on one side and the lower subcell on the other side. 16. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of InGaAlAs. 17. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the graded interlayer has approximately a 1.5 eV band gap throughout its thickness. 18. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the second solar cell and less than or equal to that of the third solar cell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the second solar cell. 19. A method as defined in claim 1, further comprising mounting the solar cell on a support and subsequently thinning the surrogate substrate. 20. A method as defined in claim 1, further comprising mounting the solar cell on a support and subsequently removing the surrogate substrate. 21. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first semiconductor substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming a first subcell on said substrate comprising a first semiconductor material with a first band gap and a first lattice constant; forming a second subcell comprising a second semiconductor material with a second band gap and a second lattice constant, wherein the second band gap is less than the first band gap and the second lattice constant is greater than the first lattice constant; and forming a lattice constant transition material positioned between the first subcell and the second subcell, said lattice constant transition material having a lattice constant that changes gradually from the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant; attaching a surrogate second substrate over the second subcell and removing said first substrate, and etching a trough around the periphery of the solar cell to the surrogate second substrate to facilitate the removal of the solar cell from the surrogate second substrate. 22. A method as defined in claim 21, wherein said first subcell is composed of an GaInP, GaSa, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and an GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 23. A method as defined in claim 21, wherein the second subcell is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter regions. 24. A method as defined in claim 21, wherein said transition material is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the first subcell and less than or equal to that of the second subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the first subcell. 25. A method as defined in claim 21, wherein the transition material is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.y Al.sub.1-y As, with x and y selected such that the band gap of the transition material remains constant at a band gap energy greater than that of said first subcell. 26. A method as defined in claim 21, wherein the band gap of the transition material remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV throughout its thickness. 27. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first semiconductor substrate; depositing on a first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell including a metal contact layer; mounting a surrogate second substrate on top of the sequence of layers; removing the first substrate; simultaneously etching first and second troughs around the periphery of said solar cell wherein the first trough lies within the second trough so as to form first and second mesa structures on the surrogate second substrate; and etching said second trough down to said metal contact layer. 28. The method as defined in claim 27, wherein the sequence of layers of semiconductor material forms a triple junction solar cell, including top, middle and bottom solar subcells. 29. The method as defined in claim 27, wherein the mounting step includes adhering the solar cell to the surrogate substrate. 30. The method as defined in claim 27, wherein the surrogate substrate is selected from the group of sapphire, Ge, GaAs, or silicon. 31. The method as defined in claim 27, wherein the solar cell is bonded to said surrogate substrate by an adhesive. 32. The method as defined in claim 27, wherein the solar cell is bonded to the surrogate substrate. 33. The method as defined in claim 27, further comprising thinning the surrogate substrate to a predetermined thickness. 34. The method as defined in claim 27, further mounting the solar cell on a rigid coverglass; and removing the surrogate substrate. 35. A method as defined in claim 28, wherein said middle and bottom subcells are lattice mismatched. 36. A method as defined in claim 28, further comprising a graded interlayer disposed between said middle and bottom subcells, and has a band gap greater than the band gap of said middle subcell. 37. A method as defined in claim 36, wherein said graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the middle subcell and less than or equal to that of the bottom subcell. 38. A method as defined in claim 36, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.y Al.sub.1-y As, with x and y selected such that the band gap of the interlayer remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV. 