Embodiments of the invention are directed to grave markers incorporating a living memorial and methods of operation thereof. In one embodiment, a grave marker incorporating a living memorial includes a monitor and/or speakers electrically or wirelessly connected to a data storage device which stores a pre-recorded message from a deceased or living person of the deceased to be delivered to the deceased's survivors at a future time following the passing of the deceased. In one embodiment, the grave marker is adapted to enclose the monitor in a first position and to display the monitor in a second position when activated. In another embodiment, the grave marker is a stand-alone unit having the monitor and various other components embedded therein.
Claims 1. A commemorative marker incorporating a living memorial, comprising: a base housing a plurality of components in electrical or wireless communication with at least a video monitor; a grave marker having the video monitor embedded therein; and at least one solar panel embedded within the grave marker about the video monitor, the solar panel adapted to receive sunlight and deliver the resultant electricity to a solar-charged battery wherein power generated from the solar-charged battery supplies power to the plurality of components in electrical or wireless communication with the video monitor. 2. The commemorative marker of claim 1 wherein the grave marker is a lid pivotably coupled to the base, the grave marker horizontally-oriented relative to the ground. 3. The commemorative marker of claim 1 wherein the grave marker is vertically-oriented relative to the ground. 4. The commemorative marker of claim 1 wherein the plurality of components includes at least one processing circuit adapted to execute one or more instructions to retrieve pre-recorded media and display the media on the monitor. 5. The commemorative marker of claim 4 wherein the plurality of components includes a data storage device to store the pre-recorded media comprising audio, visual, interactive, hologram or a combination thereof wherein the pre-recorded media has been recorded onto the data storage device by a person, the pre-recorded media comprising the living memorial. 6. The commemorative marker of claim 5 wherein the video monitor is a display type comprising one of a cathode ray tube, a liquid crystal display and a plasma display. 7. The commemorative marker of claim 6 wherein the video monitor is adapted to display the pre-recorded media. 8. The commemorative marker of claim 6, further comprising, at least one speaker embedded within the lid, the speakers adapted to project sound from the pre-recorded media. 9. The commemorative marker of claim 5 wherein the plurality of components includes an externally-located activation switch to activate the pre-recorded media, the activation switch activated when pressure is applied thereto. 10. The commemorative marker of claim 5 wherein the plurality of components includes a wireless sensor to activate the pre-recorded media, the wireless sensor activated by an electronic access key. 11. The commemorative marker of claim 1 wherein the plurality of components includes a motion detector wherein, when motion is detected by the motion detector, pre-programmed indicia is displayed on the video monitor. 12. The commemorative marker of claim 1 wherein the video monitor and the at least one solar panel are recessed below a surface of the grave marker, a protective cover positioned over the video monitor and the at least one solar panel, the protective cover allowing visible light to pass therethrough. 13. The commemorative marker of claim 1 wherein the commemorative marker is located in a cemetery. 14. The commemorative marker of claim 13 wherein the cemetery inters one of humans or animals. 15. A commemorative marker incorporating a living memorial, comprising: a video monitor embedded within a wall of the commemorative marker; a plurality of components in electrical or wireless communication with at least the video monitor; and a power supply to supply power to the plurality of components in electrical or wireless communication with the video monitor wherein the plurality of components includes (i) at least one processing circuit adapted to execute one or more instructions to retrieve pre-recorded media and display the media on the monitor, and (ii) a data storage device to store the pre-recorded media comprising audio, visual, interactive, hologram or a combination thereof wherein the pre-recorded media has been recorded onto the data storage device by a person, the pre-recorded media comprising the living memorial. 16. The commemorative marker of claim 15 wherein the video monitor is a display type comprising one of a cathode ray tube, a liquid crystal display and a plasma display, the video monitor adapted to display the pre-recorded media. 17. The commemorative marker of claim 16, further comprising, at least one speaker embedded within the lid, the speakers adapted to project sound from the pre-recorded media. 18. The commemorative marker of claim 15 wherein the plurality of components includes an externally-located activation switch to activate the pre-recorded media, the activation switch activated when pressure is applied thereto. 19. The commemorative marker of claim 15 wherein the plurality of components includes a wireless sensor to activate the pre-recorded media, the wireless sensor activated by an electronic access key. 20. The commemorative marker of claim 15 wherein the plurality of components includes a motion detector wherein, when motion is detected by the motion detector, pre-programmed indicia is displayed on the video monitor. 