A solar power system includes solar panels placed below-grade and an optical section placed above-grade that collects solar radiation and transmits the solar radiation to the solar panels. The optical section may include optical components and a tracking mechanism. Photovoltaic material may be mounted to one or more surfaces below grade. The surfaces may have a reflective coating that reflects optical radiation that is not absorbed by photovoltaic material of the solar panels such that other solar panels receive the reflected light.
Claims 1. A solar collection system, comprising: an optical section configured to receive solar radiation; and a photovoltaic section coupled to the optical section and configured to receive solar radiation from the optical section, the photovoltaic section comprising: a housing; photovoltaic material mounted to the housing, the photovoltaic material adapted to generate electricity from the solar radiation; and a power output, wherein the housing is located at least partially below the grade of a surface into which the solar collection system is mounted. 2. The solar collection system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein the optical section comprises at least one focusing lens configured to focus received solar radiation at the photovoltaic section. 3. The solar collection system, as claimed in claim 2, wherein the optical section further comprises at least one filter associated with the focusing lens that permits a selected portion of solar radiation to enter the focusing lens. 4. The solar collection system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein the optical section comprises at least one mirror configured to reflect received solar radiation at the photovoltaic section. 5. The solar collection system, as claimed in claim 1, further comprising: a tracking system mounted to the photovoltaic section, the optical section mounted to the tracking system, and the tracking system operable to change the orientation of the optical section to provide enhanced solar radiation to the photovoltaic section. 6. The solar collection system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic section further comprises an inverter that converts electricity provided by the photovoltaic material to alternating current electricity. 7. The solar collection system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic section further comprises a power storage system. 8. The solar collection system, as claimed in claim 7, wherein the power storage system comprises at least one battery. 9. The solar collection system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein the housing further comprises at least one mirror that reflects solar radiation that is not absorbed by the photovoltaic material to another portion of the photovoltaic material. 10. The solar collection system, as claimed in claim 1, the housing comprises a cylinder and the photovoltaic material is positioned on the interior portions of the cylinder and configured to receive the solar radiation from the optical section. 11. The solar collection system, as claimed in claim 1, the housing comprises a cylinder and an inverted cone located within the cylinder, and the photovoltaic material is positioned on the interior portions of the cylinder and the exterior portions of the inverted cone and configured to receive the solar radiation from the optical section. 12. The solar collection system, as claimed in claim 1, the housing comprises a cylinder and a dome located within the cylinder ad an end thereof opposite the optical section, and the photovoltaic material is positioned on the interior portions of the cylinder and the exterior portions of the dome and configured to receive the solar radiation from the optical section. 