Disclosed is a photovoltaic solar panel with improved efficiency and the output of such panel can be AC. The panel can comprise a hermetically sealed space which comprises a first sheet, multiple energy conversion cells divided into groups, an access matrix and a second sheet. The access matrix can provide electrical access to individual or groups of energy conversion cells from locations outside the panel. Through the access matrix, a power module can be connected to individual energy conversion cells or groups of the cells to optimize the power generation efficiency. Also disclosed are method of making such a panel. Further disclosed is a photovoltaic power generation system comprising at least one such photovoltaic solar panel.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic solar panel comprising: a first sheet and a second sheet adjacent to each other defining a space in between the two sheets, said first sheet being transparent to solar radiation incident on the panel; energy conversion cells arranged in a plurality of groups in said space, each group comprising at least one energy conversion cell, the energy conversion cells distributed across a substantially two-dimensional plane between and adjacent to the two sheets; and an access matrix in said space, said matrix comprising a plurality of electrical conductors that are electrically connected to the groups and that extend out of said space to provide electrical access to the groups from locations outside the panel, said space hermetically sealed to enclose said energy conversion cells therein. 2. The photovoltaic solar panel of claim 1 further comprising at least one layer of encapsulant in said space to provide said hermetical sealing for said energy conversion cells in the space, wherein encapsulant in said layer of encapsulant substantially fills the space between the two sheets, said energy conversion cells and the access matrix. 3. The photovoltaic solar panel of claim 1, wherein said energy conversion cells are arranged in at least two groups. 4. The photovoltaic solar panel of claim 1, wherein said first sheet or said second sheet comprises at least one material selected from glass, polyvinyl fluoride, polyester, ethylene vinyl acetate, Mylar, plastic, polyethylene, Kapton, polyimide, and polydinofluoride. 5. The photovoltaic solar panel of claim 1, wherein said access matrix comprises a dielectric layer. 6. The photovoltaic solar panel of claim 1, wherein said electrical conductors are located on the second sheet. 7. The photovoltaic solar panel of claim 5, wherein said electrical conductors are embedded within said dielectric layer. 8. The photovoltaic solar panel of claim 5, wherein said electrical conductors are bonded on at least one surface of said dielectric layer. 9. The photovoltaic solar panel of claim 8, wherein said electrical conductors comprise conductive tracks. 10. The photovoltaic solar panel of claim 1, wherein said electrical conductors comprise at least one material selected from copper, aluminum, tin, tin coated copper, silver, steel, stainless steel, brass and bronze. 11. The photovoltaic solar panel of claim 1 wherein said access matrix further comprises bypass diodes. 12. The photovoltaic solar panel of claim 11 wherein said bypass diodes comprise super barrier rectifiers. 13. The photovoltaic solar panel of claim 1 wherein said access matrix further comprises DC-to-DC converters. 14. A photovoltaic solar panel comprising: a first sheet and a second sheet adjacent to each other defining a space in between the two sheets, said first sheet being transparent to solar radiation incident on the panel; energy conversion cells arranged in a plurality of groups in said space, each group comprising at least one energy conversion cell, the energy conversion cells distributed across a substantially two-dimensional plane between and adjacent to the two sheets; and an access matrix in said space, said matrix comprising a plurality of electrical conductors that are electrically connected to the groups and that extend out of said space a power module wherein said access matrix provides electrical access to the groups by said power module, said space hermetically sealed to enclose said energy conversion cells therein. 15. The photovoltaic solar panel of claim 14, wherein said power module is hermetically sealed in a second space and permanently bonded to said photovoltaic solar panel, wherein the panel generates AC power. 16. The photovoltaic solar panel of claim 14, wherein said power module comprises at least one selected from bypass diode, a super barrier rectifier, a transformer, a DC-to-DC converter, a DC-to-AC inverter, a maximum peak power tracking circuitry. 17. The photovoltaic solar panel of claim 16, wherein said DC-to-AC inverter comprises anti-islanding, over current, undercurrent, over voltage, or under voltage provisions. 18. The photovoltaic solar panel of claim 14, wherein said power module houses at least one selected from a micro-controller, a microprocessor, an analog-to-digital converter, a digital-to-analogue converter, a temperature sensor, a humidity sensor, a frequency measurement device, diodes, embedded algorithms. 19. A photovoltaic power generation system comprising at least one photovoltaic solar panel of claim 1. 20. A method of manufacturing the solar panel of claim 1 comprising providing the first sheet, the second sheet, energy conversion cells arranged in said plurality of groups, and the access matrix; placing the first sheet; placing the energy conversion cells distributed across the substantially two-dimensional plane over the first sheet; placing the access matrix; forming electrical connection between the access matrix and the energy conversion cells; placing the second sheet over the access matrix; and forming a hermetically sealed space comprising the first sheet, the second sheet, energy conversion cells, and the access matrix. 