Systems and methods are disclosed for automatically or remotely rendering a solar array safe during an emergency or maintenance. A watchdog unit is disclosed for monitoring a signal from a central controller. If the signal is lost, interrupted, or becomes irregular, or if a shutdown signal is received, then the watchdog unit can shutdown one or more solar modules. Shutting down a solar module can mean disconnecting it from a power bus of the solar array or lowering the solar module voltage to a safe level.
Claims 1. A system comprising: a watchdog unit coupled between a solar module and a power bus and configured to: monitor a communication from a central controller; determine that the communication is interrupted; and disconnect the solar module from the power bus when the communication is interrupted. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising a switchable connection configured to disconnect the solar module from the power bus. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the switchable connection is controlled by a controller. 4. The system of claim 3, further comprising a feed line from the solar module to the controller, and configured to provide the controller with power from the solar module when a primary power source is unavailable. 5. The system of claim 1, further comprising a bypass circuit configured to enable current in the power bus to bypass the solar module. 6. The system of claim 1, further comprising a backup power source configured to provide the watchdog unit with power when a primary power source is unavailable. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the communication is interrupted when a threshold of irregularity is surpassed. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the communication is interrupted when the central controller fails to send a communication. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the watchdog unit resides in a junction box. 10. The system of claim 1, further configured to disconnect the solar module from the power bus when the watchdog unit receives a shutdown signal. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein the watchdog unit wirelessly communicates with the central controller. 12. A system comprising: a watchdog device coupled between a solar module and a power bus, the watchdog device configured to: verify communication with a central controller; and shutdown the solar module if communication with the central controller cannot be verified. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein to shutdown the solar module entails disconnecting the solar module from the power bus. 14. The system of claim 12, wherein to verify communication: a challenge is sent to the central controller; and a response to the challenge is received. 15. The system of claim 12, wherein to verify communication, a communication is received within a set time from when a last communication was received. 16. The system of claim 12, further configured to shutdown the solar module if a shutdown signal is received. 17. The system of claim 12, further configured to wait for a restart signal. 18. The system of claim 12, further configured to draw energy from a backup energy source when a primary energy source is not available. 19. A computer-implemented method comprising: monitoring, via a computing device, a signal from a central controller; determining, via the computing device, if the signal has been lost; disconnecting, via the computing device, one or more solar modules from a power bus if the signal has been lost; determining, via the computing device, if the signal includes a shutdown command; disconnecting, via the computing device, the one or more solar modules from the power bus if the signal includes a shutdown command; waiting, via the computing device, for a restart signal; and connecting, via the computing device, the one or more solar modules to the power bus when the restart signal is received. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising: enabling, via the computing device, a bypass circuit when the one or more solar modules are disconnected from the power bus, so that current continues to flow in the power bus. 