The object of the invention is a high-efficiency DC/DC converter, in particular for photovoltaic plants, incorporating a transformerless DC/DC converter operated in the resonant mode of operation for converting a unipolar direct input voltage with an associated positive pole (+) and with a negative pole (-). There is imposed a resonance circuit incorporating at least one resonance inductance and at least one resonance capacitance, each resonance capacitance being connected to a respective one of the rectifier circuit arrangements in such a manner that the bipolar direct output voltage is provided, a voltage boosting circuit arrangement being connected to each resonance capacitance and to the rectifier circuit arrangement.
Claims 1. A transformerless DC/DC converter operated in the resonant mode of operation for converting a unipolar direct input voltage with an associated positive pole (+) and a negative pole (-) into a bipolar direct output voltage with an associated positive pole (+), a grounding pole (GND) and a negative pole (-), with a resonance circuit incorporating at least one resonance inductance and at least one resonance capacitance, each resonance capacitance being connected to a respective rectifier circuit arrangement in such a way that the bipolar direct output voltage is applied, a voltage boosting circuit arrangement being connected to each resonance capacitance and to the rectifier circuit arrangement. 2. The DC/DC converter as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the voltage boosting circuit arrangement incorporates at least one triggerable boosting switch. 3. The DC/DC converter as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that there are provided at least two resonance capacitors that are connected to the resonance inductance at one common connection point. 4. The DC/DC converter as set forth in claim 3, characterized in that the voltage boosting circuit arrangement is interposed between the resonance capacitors and the rectifier circuit arrangement. 5. The DC/DC converter as set forth in claim 4, characterized in that the voltage boosting circuit arrangement incorporates two boosting switches with anti-parallel diodes, said switches being wired in opposite directions. 6. The DC/DC converter as set forth in claim 4, characterized in that the voltage boosting circuit arrangement incorporates one boosting switch with one parallel diode each, said diodes being a constituent part of an associated output rectifier. 7. The DC/DC converter as set forth in claim 2, characterized in that the switches in the voltage boosting circuit arrangement are activated alternately by closing the at least one switch, partial resonance circuits being short-circuited by closing the at least one switch and a current flowing through the at least one switch and through associated parallel diodes. 8. The DC/DC converter as set forth in claim 2, characterized in that there are provided four resonance capacitances that are connected to the resonance inductance at one common connection point, one switch being associated to each of these capacitances. 9. The DC/DC converter as set forth in claim 2, characterized by a first inductance with a series-connected capacitance and a second inductance with a series-connected capacitance, the voltage boosting circuit arrangement being connected between the two capacitances. 10. The DC/DC converter as set forth in claim 9, characterized in that the voltage boosting circuit arrangement consists of two switches that are each connected in parallel to one diode of the rectifier circuit arrangement. 11. The DC/DC converter as set forth in claim 2, characterized in that there is provided one single resonance capacitance that is connected in series with the resonance inductance. 12. The DC/DC converter as set forth in claim 11, characterized in that the voltage boosting circuit arrangement is connected between the resonance capacitance and ground, said voltage boosting circuit arrangement (HA) consisting of two switches (S3, S4) with series-connected diodes. 13. The DC/DC converter as set forth in claim 11, characterized in that the voltage boosting circuit arrangement incorporates a switch that is disposed between two pairs of diodes which are oriented in opposite directions, said pairs of diodes being connected at one common connection point both to the resonance capacitance and to the rectifier circuit arrangement and at their other common connection point to ground. 14. The DC/DC converter as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the voltage boosting circuit arrangement is activated only if the input voltage of the DC/DC converter falls below a fixed value. 15. The DC/DC converter as set forth in claim 1, characterized by a half-bridge circuit with two half-bridge switches. 16. The DC/DC converter as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that one of the input poles (+, -) is connected to ground. 17. The DC/DC converter as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that no input pole (+, -) is connected to ground. 18. Use of a DC/DC converter as set forth in claim 1 in an inverter for converting a direct voltage into an alternating voltage conforming to the grid. 19. Use of a DC/DC converter as set forth in claim 18 in a photovoltaic inverter for converting a photovoltaic voltage into the alternating voltage conforming to the grid. 