A solar cell (10) according to one embodiment of the present invention includes a concentrating solar cell element (11) that generates power by converting sunlight (Ls) into electricity; and a receiver substrate (20) on which the solar cell element (11) is placed. A covering portion (30) that covers and protects the solar cell element (11) is formed on the receiver substrate (20). The covering portion (30) includes a U-shaped sealing frame (31) that is formed on a surface of the receiver substrate (20), has an opening (31s), and surrounds the periphery of the solar cell element (11) at a position away from the periphery; a light-transmitting covering plate (32) that is bonded to the sealing frame (31) and covers the solar cell element (11); and a resin sealing portion (33) in which a sealing region defined by the sealing frame (31) and the light-transmitting covering plate (32) is filled with sealing resin.
Claims 1. A solar cell comprising: a solar cell element that converts sunlight into electricity; a receiver substrate on which the solar cell element is placed; and a covering portion that covers the solar cell element, wherein the covering portion comprises: a sealing frame that is formed on a surface of the receiver substrate, has an opening, and surrounds the periphery of the solar cell element; a light-transmitting covering plate that is bonded to the sealing frame and covers the solar cell element; and a resin sealing portion in which a sealing region defined by the sealing frame and the light-transmitting covering plate is filled with sealing resin. 2. The solar cell according to claim 1, wherein the light-transmitting covering plate is a glass plate. 3. The solar cell according to claim 1, wherein the light-transmitting covering plate has a thickness that can suppress irradiation intensity at a surface of the light-transmitting covering plate to 310 kW/m2 or less. 4. The solar cell according to claim 1, wherein the sealing frame is formed of a white silicone resin. 5. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: a solar cell element that converts sunlight into electricity; a receiver substrate on which the solar cell element is placed; and a covering portion that covers the solar cell element, wherein a covering portion forming step of forming the covering portion comprises: a sealing frame forming step of forming a sealing frame having an opening on the receiver substrate such that the sealing frame surrounds the periphery of the solar cell element; a covering plate bonding step of bonding a light-transmitting covering plate that covers the solar cell element to the sealing frame; and a resin sealing step of filling a sealing region defined by the sealing frame and the light-transmitting covering plate with sealing resin through the opening to form a resin sealing portion. 6. The method of manufacturing a solar cell according to claim 5, wherein the covering plate bonding step comprises: a covering plate placing step of placing the light-transmitting covering plate on a covering plate bonding jig; a sealing frame bonding step of placing the receiver substrate on which the sealing frame is formed on the covering plate bonding jig and bonding the light-transmitting covering plate to the sealing frame; and a heat treatment step of heat treating the covering plate bonding jig on which the light-transmitting covering plate and the receiver substrate are placed in a heat treatment furnace. 7. The method of manufacturing a solar cell according to claim 6, wherein the covering plate bonding jig is configured to define a height of the covering portion with a step between a covering plate placing portion on which the light-transmitting covering plate is placed and a receiver substrate placing portion on which the receiver substrate is placed. 8. The method of manufacturing a solar cell according to claim 5, wherein the resin sealing step comprises: a substrate juxtaposing step of juxtaposing the receiver substrate in a substrate juxtaposition jig with the opening being positioned horizontally in an upper portion of the sealing frame; a resin filling step of filling a sealing region with sealing resin through the opening of the receiver substrate juxtaposed in the substrate juxtaposition jig with a resin injector; and a heat treatment step of heat treating the substrate juxtaposition jig on which the receiver substrate filled with the sealing resin is placed in a heat treatment furnace. 9. The method of manufacturing a solar cell according to claim 8, wherein the substrate juxtaposition jig is configured such that the receiver substrate is juxtaposed in an inclined state relative to the perpendicular direction. 10. The method of manufacturing a solar cell according to claim 8, wherein the resin injector is disposed such that the resin injector fills with the sealing resin at a position shifted from the center of the opening. 11. A solar cell manufacturing apparatus that fills a sealing region defined by a sealing frame surrounding the periphery of a solar cell element placed on a receiver substrate and a light-transmitting covering plate bonded to the sealing frame with sealing resin so as to form a resin sealing portion, the apparatus comprising: a substrate juxtaposition jig in which a plurality of the receiver substrates to which the light-transmitting covering plate is bonded by the sealing frame are juxtaposed with an opening of the sealing frame being positioned in an upper portion of the sealing frame; and a resin injector that fills the sealing region with sealing resin through the opening. 12. The solar cell manufacturing apparatus according to claim 11, wherein the resin injector is configured to move in a perpendicular direction, and the substrate juxtaposition jig is configured to move at an equal pitch in a horizontal direction. 13. A solar cell comprising: a solar cell element including a substrate electrode and a surface electrode; and a receiver substrate on which the solar cell element is placed, wherein the receiver substrate includes a base, an intermediate insulating layer laminated on the base, and a connection pattern layer laminated on the intermediate insulating layer, and the substrate electrode and the surface electrode are each connected to the connection pattern layer. 14. The solar cell according to claim 13, comprising a surface protection layer that protects the connection pattern layer. 15. The solar cell according to claim 13, wherein the receiver substrate and the solar cell element each have a rectangular shape, and the solar cell element is disposed such that each side intersects a diagonal line of the receiver substrate. 16. The solar cell according to claim 13, wherein the surface electrode is formed at four corners of the solar cell element, and each is connected to the connection pattern layer with a wire. 17. The solar cell according to claim 13, comprising a radiator that includes a heat dissipating base portion integrated with the base and a heat dissipating projection portion projected from the heat dissipating base portion. 18. A concentrating solar power generation unit comprising: a solar cell including a solar cell element and a receiver substrate on which the solar cell element is placed; and a solar cell mounting plate on which the receiver substrate is mounted, wherein a radiator is disposed on a back face side of the receiver substrate that is opposite to a surface side on which the solar cell element is placed so as to correspond to the solar cell element. 19. The concentrating solar power generation unit according to claim 18, wherein the radiator comprises: a heat dissipating base portion that contacts the solar cell mounting plate on a back face side of the solar cell mounting plate that is opposite to a surface side on which the receiver substrate is mounted; and a heat dissipating projection portion projected from the heat dissipating base portion. 20. The concentrating solar power generation unit according to claim 18, wherein the radiator comprises a heat dissipating base portion integrated with the receiver substrate and a heat dissipating projection portion projected from the heat dissipating base portion. 21. The concentrating solar power generation unit according to claim 19, wherein the heat dissipating base portion is configured such that a thickness of a portion corresponding to the solar cell element is increased relative to a thickness of a portion away from the solar cell element. 22. A solar cell comprising: a solar cell element that converts sunlight concentrated by a concentrating lens into electricity; a receiver substrate on which the solar cell element is placed; a resin sealing portion that seals the solar cell element with resin; and a light-transmitting covering plate that covers a concentrating lens side face of the resin sealing portion, wherein the solar cell comprises a reflecting portion that prevents irradiation of the receiver substrate from sunlight on a face facing the resin sealing portion of the light-transmitting covering plate. 23. The solar cell according to claim 22, wherein the reflecting portion is a metallic film. 24. The solar cell according to claim 23, wherein the metallic film is formed using aluminum or silver. 25. The solar cell according to claim 22, wherein the reflecting portion is a metallic plate. 26. The solar cell according to claim 25, wherein the metallic plate is an aluminum plate or a stainless steel plate. 27. The solar cell according to claim 22, wherein the reflecting portion has a reflection coefficient at a wavelength of 400 nm to 1200 nm measured at a surface of the light-transmitting covering plate of 60% or more. 28. A concentrating solar power generation module comprising: a concentrating lens that concentrates sunlight; and a solar cell that converts sunlight concentrated by the concentrating lens into electricity, wherein the solar cell is the solar cell according to claim 22. 29. A concentrating solar power generation unit comprising: an elongated frame; and a plurality of concentrating solar power generation modules arranged along the elongated frame, wherein the concentrating solar power generation module is the concentrating solar power generation module according to claim 28. 30. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: a solar cell element that converts sunlight concentrated by a concentrating lens into electricity; a receiver substrate on which the solar cell element is placed; a resin sealing portion that seals the solar cell element with resin; a light-transmitting covering plate that covers the resin sealing portion; and a reflecting portion that is formed on a face facing the resin sealing portion of the light-transmitting covering plate and that prevents irradiation of the receiver substrate from sunlight, the method comprising: a light-transmitting covering plate preparation step of preparing the light-transmitting covering plate; a metallic film forming step of forming a metallic film on a face facing the resin sealing portion of the light-transmitting covering plate; a metallic film heat treatment step of heat treating the metallic film to form the reflecting portion that prevents irradiation of the receiver substrate from sunlight; and a resin sealing step of forming the resin sealing portion in a state in which the light-transmitting covering plate in which the reflecting portion is formed is disposed facing the solar cell element. 31. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: a solar cell element that converts sunlight concentrated by a concentrating lens into electricity, a receiver substrate on which the solar cell element is placed, a resin sealing portion that seals the solar cell element with resin, a light-transmitting covering plate that covers the resin sealing portion, and a reflecting portion that is formed on a face facing the resin sealing portion of the light-transmitting covering plate and that prevents irradiation of the receiver substrate from sunlight, the method comprising: a light-transmitting covering plate preparation step of preparing the light-transmitting covering plate; a metallic plate preparation step of preparing a metallic plate having a shape of the reflecting portion; a metallic plate bonding step of bonding the metallic plate to the light-transmitting covering plate to form the reflecting portion; and a resin sealing step of forming the resin sealing portion in a state in which the light-transmitting covering plate in which the reflecting portion is formed is disposed facing the solar cell element. 