A method and class of bond coat is provided herein that physically and chemically bonds solid layer lubricants and other functional coatings to a substrate by burnishing, for example, selected soft materials, including oxides such as antimony trioxide which is seen as a major improvement over conventional bonding or coating methods. The process is non-vacuum at ambient temperatures, no binders, adhesives, curing or baking. Lubricant performance can be enhanced by orders of magnitude compared to when the bond coat and burnishing process are not applied. The method is inexpensive, environmentally friendly, applicable to any substrate material, and scalable.
Claims 1. A method for durably bonding a layer to a substrate comprising, a) mounting a bond layer selected from the group consisting of a soft oxide, a soft metal, a sulfide and a chalcogenide to said substrate and b) mounting a functional layer onto said bond layer. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein said substrate is selected from the group consisting of metals, ceramics, plastics, coatings, cellulose, composites and combinations thereof. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein said soft oxide is selected from the group consisting of Sb.sub.2O.sub.3, ZnO, CdO, and PbO. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein said functional layer is selected from the group consisting of a lubricant, hard-particle coating, anti-corrosive layer, catalyst, photosensitive material, adsorbent material, photovoltaic material and a sensor-containing layer. 5. The method of claim 4 wherein said lubricant is selected from the group consisting of ZnO, the dichalcogenides, boric acid, boron oxide, polytetrafluoroethlene (Teflon.TM.), PbO, fullerene, carbon nanostructures, carbon fluoride, boron nitride, cesium oxythiomolybdate, CaF.sub.2, graphite and mixtures thereof, as well as films of soft metals; Au, Ag, In, Cr & Pb and oxides thereof, which can provide successful solid film lubrication and wear protection. 6. The method of claim 5 wherein said dichalcogenides are MoS.sub.2 or WS.sub.2. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein said lubricant layer has nanoparticles therein. 8. A method for durably bonding a functional layer to a surface comprising, a) adhering a bond layer selected from the group consisting of a soft oxide, a soft metal, a sulfide and a chalcogenide, to said surface and b) depositing a functional layer onto said bond layer. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein said bond layer is Sb.sub.2O.sub.3. 10. The method of claim 8 comprising, depositing said functional layer as a lubricant powder onto said bond layer and burnishing same thereon, to obtain a lubricant layer well adhered to said surface by said bond layer. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein a bond layer, topped by a lubricant layer, are installed on two sides of an object, each of which lubricant layers are so burnished by hand or machine. 12. The method of claim 10 wherein said surface is of metal and said bond layer is Sb.sub.2O.sub.3 and said lubricant is graphite powder, a mixture of graphite/Sb.sub.2O.sub.3 and MoS.sub.2 or of graphite and MoS.sub.2. 13. A product with a durably attached functional layer comprising, a) a substrate, b) a bond layer selected from the group consisting of a soft oxide, a soft metal, a sulfide a chalcogenide and a combination of two or more thereof mounted on said substrate and c) a functional layer mounted on top of said bond layer to provide a durably bonded laminate. 14. The product of claim 13 wherein said substrate is selected from the group consisting of metals, ceramics, plastics, coatings, cellulose, composites and combinations thereof. 15. The product of claim 13 wherein said surface is of metal and said bond layer is antimony oxide and said lubricant is graphite powder, a mixture of graphite/Sb.sub.2O.sub.3 and MoS.sub.2 or of graphite and MoS.sub.2. 16. The product of claim 13 wherein said soft oxide is Sb.sub.2O.sub.3, ZnO, CdO or PbO. 17. The product of claim 13 wherein said functional layer is selected from the group consisting of a lubricant, hard particle coating, anti-corrosive layer, catalyst, photosensitive material, adsorbent, photovoltaic material and a sensor-containing layer. 18. A method for durably coating one or more objects on two or more sides comprising, a) adding a bonding material into a mixing vessel, b) adding said one or more objects into said vessel, c) adding burnishing means into said vessel, d) rotating said vessel to burnish and coat said one or more objects with said bonding material on a plurality of sides and e) repeating the above method so as to add a functional layer on said bond coating on said one or more objects in the same or in a different vessel to arrive at one or more objects which have coatings on at least two sides thereof in the form of two stacked layers, durably bonded to said one or more objects. 19. The method of claim 18 wherein said one or more objects are each coated with a bond layer in a first vessel and said functional layer is added on top of said bond layer in a second vessel. 20. The method of claim 18 wherein said objects are components of machines, vehicles or structures, which act as substrates that can be of metals, ceramics, plastics, coatings, cellulose, composites and combinations thereof. 21. The method of claim 18 wherein said bonding material is selected from the group consisting of a soft oxide, a soft metal, a sulfide and a chalcogenide. 22. The method of claim 18 wherein said functional layer is selected from the group consisting of a lubricant, hard-particle coating, anti-corrosive layer, catalyst, photosensitive material, adsorbent, photovoltaic material, and a sensor-containing layer. 23. The method of claim 18 wherein said lubricant is selected from the group consisting of zinc oxide, the dichalcogenides, boric acid, boron aside a, polytetrafluoroethlene (Teflon.TM.), PbO, fullerene, carbon nanostructures, carbon fluoride, boron nitride, cesium oxythiomolybdate, CaF.sub.2, graphite and mixtures thereof, as well as films of soft metals; Au, Ag, In, Cr & Pb and oxides thereof, which can provide successful solid film lubrication and wear protection. 24. The method of claim 18 wherein said burnishing means are beads. 25. The method of claim 4 wherein said hard-particle coating contains boron nitride. 