A device for collecting solar energy is disclosed. The collector includes a collecting structure, a reflecting structure and a motor. The collecting structure is composed of a mounting frame and a plurality of collecting panels disposed around the mounting frame. The reflecting structure is composed of a stand and a reflecting board supported by the stand. The motor rotates the collector or reflector for tracingly reflecting sunbeams and collecting solar energy with mobility.
Claims 1. A solar energy collector comprising: a collecting structure comprising a mounting frame and a plurality of collecting panels disposed a lateral side of the mounting frame; a reflecting structure comprising a stand and a reflecting board supported by the stand, and arranged near the collecting structure, wherein the reflecting board faces the collecting panels at a predetermined angle for making sunbeams projecting onto the reflecting board reflected towards the collecting panel; and a motor rotating the collecting structure for sun tracing. 2. The solar energy collector of claim 1, wherein the mounting frame is of an annular shape. 3. The solar energy collector of claim 2, wherein the reflecting structure is disposed within the mounting frame. 4. The solar energy collector of claim 1, wherein the mounting frame connects a turntable rotated by the motor. 5. The solar energy collector of claim 2, wherein the mounting frame connects a turntable rotated by the motor. 6. The solar energy collector of claim 3, wherein the mounting frame connects a turntable rotated by the motor. 7. A solar energy collector comprising: a collecting structure comprising a mounting frame and a plurality of collecting panels disposed a lateral side of the mounting frame; a reflecting structure comprising a stand and a reflecting board supported by the stand, and arranged near the collecting structure, wherein the reflecting board faces the collecting panels at a predetermined angle for making sunbeams projecting onto the reflecting board reflected towards the collecting panel; and a motor rotating the reflecting structure for sun tracing. 8. The solar energy collector of claim 7, wherein the mounting frame is of an annular shape. 9. The solar energy collector of claim 8, wherein the reflecting structure is disposed within the mounting frame. 10. The solar energy collector of claim 7, wherein the collecting structure is provided with an axle support for standing on the ground. 11. The solar energy collector of claim 8, wherein the collecting structure is provided with an axle support for standing on the ground. 12. The solar energy collector of claim 9, wherein the collecting structure is provided with an axle support for standing on the ground. 13. The solar energy collector of claim 7, wherein the stand connects a turn ring around the collecting structure, the turn ring is rotated by the motor. 14. The solar energy collector of claim 8, wherein the stand connects a turn ring around the collecting structure, the turn ring is rotated by the motor. 