The invention concerns a multi-layer flexible film body (6), in particular a label film or packaging film as well as a goods identification system and uses of such a film body. The film body (6) has a carrier layer and a decorative layer system (11) which provides optically recognisable information. A plurality of layers of the decorative layer system form an electronically controlled display element (65), by the activation of which the optically recognisable information becomes visible.
Claims 1. A multi-layer flexible film body comprising: a carrier layer and a decorative layer system providing optically recognizable information , wherein the system comprises a plurality of layers forming an electrically controlled display element, by the activation of which the optically recognizable information becomes visible; wherein the system further comprising two electrode layers and at least one layer between the two electrode layers, the at least one layer containing at least one of an electrochromic material, an electroluminescent material, or an organic/inorganic florescent substance, and which electrode layers form an electrically controlled display element; and at least one of the electrodes of the display element comprises an unstructured electrode layer structured by an overprinted electrically nonconducting printing material in negative form of the optically recognizable information such that the electrodes have only in the region of the optically recognizable information an electrically conductive surface which is in contact with the one electrochromic material, the electroluminescent material or the organic/inorganic fluorescent substance. 2. A multi-layer flexible film body according to claim 1 wherein the decorative layer system includes at least one layer forming a sensor element connected to the display element for detecting an applied external activation signal. 3. A multi-layer flexible film body according to claim 2 wherein the decorative layer system has an optical effect activatable by an alternating electromagnetic field as the external activation signal and the decorative layer system includes one or more electrically conductive layers forming an antenna structure for detection of the alternating electromagnetic field and which structure serves as the sensor element for detection of the alternating electromagnetic field. 4. A multi-layer flexible film body according to claim 2 wherein the decorative layer system has an optical effect activatable by an alternating electromagnetic field as the external activation signal and the decorative layer system has one or more electrically conductive layers of a plate-shaped configuration for capacitively coupling in the alternating electromagnetic field, which electrically conductive layers serve as the sensor element for the detection of the alternating electromagnetic field. 5. A multi-layer flexible film body according to claim 1 wherein the decorative layer system includes one or more layers which provide a sensor element for the detection of an external deactivation signal and the sensor element is connected to the display element directly or by way of an electronic circuit such that the display element is deactivated upon reception of the deactivation signal. 6. A multi-layer flexible film body according to claim 1 wherein the display element is adapted such that it remains activated after once being activated. 7. A multi-layer flexible film body according to claim 1 wherein the decorative layer system provides two or more different optically recognizable items of information and a plurality of layers of the decorative layer system provide two or more electrically controlled display elements, by the activation of which a respective one of the different items of optically recognizable information becomes visible. 8. A multi-layer flexible film body according to claim 1 wherein the decorative layer system has two or more layers which provide an electronic circuit, including one or more semiconductor layers applied from a solution, and the electronic circuit is connected to the display element and is so arranged that it controls activation of the display element. 9. A multi-layer flexible film body according to claim 1 wherein the decorative layer system has one or more layers which provide an electric power source connected to the display element directly or by way of a switching element. 10. A multi-layer flexible film body according to claim 9 wherein the decorative layer system one or more layers comprises two or more layers which provide an electrochemical flat battery as the electric power source. 11. A mufti-layer flexible film body according to claim 1 wherein the decorative layer system has one or more electrically conductive layers which form an antenna for electromagnetic coupling-in of electromagnetic energy from an alternating electromagnetic field, wherein the antenna is connected to a capacitor and a rectifier for providing a power source for the generation of a direct current. 12. A multi-layer flexible film body according to claim 1 wherein the decorative layer system has one or more electrically conductive layers which have plate-shaped metal surfaces for capacitive coupling-in of energy from an alternating electromagnetic field, wherein the plate-shaped metal surfaces are connected to a rectifier and a capacitor for providing a power source for the generation of a direct current. 13. A multi-layer flexible film body according to claim 1 wherein the decorative layer system is arranged to form a power source that has one or more layers forming a solar cell. 14. A multi-layer flexible film body according to claim 1 wherein the decorative layer system forms a power source that has one or more layers comprising a piezoelectric material. 15. A multi-layer flexible film body according to claim 1 wherein the decorative layer system is arranged to form a power source that has one or more electrodes for receiving charge carriers generated by friction and electrostatic charging. 16. A multi-layer flexible film body according to claim 1 wherein the film body is a packaging film for packaging goods. 17. A multi-layer flexible film body according to claim 1 wherein the film body is a label. 18. The film body according to claim 1 arranged to form a label for the identification of goods. 19. The film body according to claim 1 arranged to form a label for a playing card. 20. The film body according to claim 1 arranged to form a lottery ticket. 21. The film body according to claim 1 arranged to form one of operating instructions or an information carrier. 22. The film body according to claim 1 arranged to form a label for monitoring electronic components. 23. The film body according to claim 1 arranged to form a label for monitoring foodstuffs, pharmaceutical agents and other consumer goods. 24. The film body according to claim 1 arranged to form an activatable poster. 25. A system including a multiplicity of packages forgoods, which are provided with a film body forming a dynamic optical label, according to claim 1 and an activator having a sender for emitting an activation signal, wherein the multiplicity of packages comprise two or more different groups of packages such that the packages in the same group respectively have the same activatable item of information which differs from the activatable item of information of the other group or groups. 26-27. (canceled) 