A surface plasmon resonance biosensor device and system are provided. The simplicity of SPR biosensor design allows easy integration with both QCM and electrochemistry techniques, not found in current SPR biosensor devices. In some embodiments, the surface plasmon resonance biosensor device has a dual SPR/QCM sample holder which allows simultaneous detection by both surface plasmon resonance and also quartz crystal microbalance (QCM) techniques. In additional embodiments, the surface plasmon resonance biosensor device and/or the dual SPR/QCM technique can be integrated with electrochemistry techniques by incorporate reference and counter electrodes in the SPR or SPR/QCM sample holder. Methods of using the device and system to determine whether an analyte of interest is present in a sample are also provided.
Claims 1.-11. (canceled) 12. A surface plasmon resonance biosensor system for analysis of a fluid sample comprising: (a) a support means; (b) a capacitive angle sensor mounted to the support means having a shaft; (c) a rotatable adapter means rotatably mounted on the shaft; (d) a prism or a half cylinder mounted on the rotatable adapter means; (e) a light source mounted to the support means, positioned to project a beam of light through a first side of the prism or half cylinder to a second side of the prism or half cylinder; (f) a thin metallic film with an inner surface affixed on or adjacent to the prism or half cylinder; (g) a sample holder having a sealing means removably sealed against an exposed surface of the thin metallic film, the sample holder, sealing means and thin metallic film defining a sample chamber; (h) a light response element as a transducer to generate an intensity output mounted on a third side of the prism or half cylinder, wherein when the sample is provided to the sample chamber and the light source projects the beam of light, the capacitive angle sensor measures an incident angle of the beam of tight upon the metallic film to provide an incident angle output and the light response element measures light intensity reflected from the inner surface of the thin metallic film to provide the intensity output; (i) an analog to digital (A/D) data acquisition device electrically connected to the capacitive angle sensor and the light response element for generating a data signal when the sample is provided to the sample chamber from an incident angle output of the capacitive angle sensor and an intensity output from the light response element; and (j) a personal computer electrically connected to the data acquisition device to receive and process the data signal generated by the data acquisition device and provide a surface plasmon resonance spectrum when the fluid sample is provided to the sample chamber. 13. The surface plasmon resonance biosensor system of claim 12, wherein the metallic film is gold. 14. The surface plasmon resonance biosensor system of claim 12, wherein (i) the metallic film is gold and (ii) the metallic film comprises a capture reagent bound to a surface of the metallic film that is internal to the sample chamber. 15. The surface plasmon resonance biosensor system of claim 12, wherein the prism or half cylinder is made of glass or plastic. 16. The surface plasmon resonance biosensor system of claim 12, wherein the light response element is a solar cell. 17. The surface plasmon resonance biosensor system of claim 12, wherein the light source is a laser apparatus. 18. The surface plasmon resonance biosensor system of claim 12, wherein the rotatable adapter means is a rotatable plate. 19. The surface plasmon resonance biosensor system of claim 12, wherein the sealing means is an o-ring. 20. The surface plasmon resonance biosensor system of claim 12, wherein the support means is a mounting table. 21. The surface plasmon resonance biosensor system of claim 12, further comprising a low speed motor rotatably engaged with the rotatable adapter means to turn the rotatable adapter means during analysis of the sample. 22. The surface plasmon resonance biosensor system of claim 12, wherein the sample holder is a dual SPR/QCM sample holder which allows simultaneous detection by both surface plasmon resonance and also quartz crystal microbalance (QCM) techniques. 23.-24. (canceled) 25. The surface plasmon resonance biosensor system of claim 12, comprising the prism mounted on the rotatable adapter means. 26. The surface plasmon resonance biosensor system of claim 12, wherein (i) the capacitive angle sensor measures an outside angle between the beam of light and the prism or half cylinder and (ii) the outside angle is correlated to the incident angle of the beam of light upon the metallic film to provide the incident angle output. 27. The surface plasmon resonance biosensor system of claim 22, wherein the dual SPR/QCM sample holder comprises (i) a first QCM electrode on a quartz crystal surface of the sample holder that is internal to the sample chamber and that opposes the thin metallic film, and (ii) a second QCM electrode on a quartz crystal surface of the sample holder that is external to the sample chamber and that opposes the first QCM electrode. 28. The surface plasmon resonance biosensor system of claim 12, wherein: (i) the thin metallic film serves as a working electrode; (ii) the sample chamber optionally comprises a counter electrode, a reference electrode, or both therein; and (iii) the sample chamber comprising the electrode or electrodes allows performance of electrochemistry techniques in the sample chamber. 29. The surface plasmon resonance biosensor system of claim 22, wherein: (i) the thin metallic film serves as a working electrode; (ii) the sample chamber comprises a counter electrode and a reference electrode therein; and (iii) the sample chamber comprising the electrodes allows performance of electrochemistry techniques in the sample chamber. 30. A surface plasmon resonance biosensor system for analysis of a fluid sample, the biosensor system comprising: (a) a support table; (b) a capacitive angle sensor mounted to the support table, the capacitive angle sensor having a shaft; (c) a rotatable plate rotatably mounted on the shaft; (d) a prism mounted on the rotatable plate; (e) a light source mounted to the support table, positioned to project a beam of light through a first side of the prism to a second side of the prism; (f) a thin gold metallic film with an inner surface affixed on or adjacent to the prism; (g) a sample holder having a sealing means removably sealed against an exposed surface of the thin gold metallic film, wherein the sample holder, the sealing means and the thin gold metallic film define a sample chamber; (h) a light response element as a transducer to generate an intensity output mounted on a third side of the prism, wherein when a sample is provided to the sample chamber and the light source projects the beam of light, the capacitive angle sensor measures an incident angle of the beam of light upon the gold metallic film to provide an incident angle output and the light response element measures light intensity reflected from the inner surface of the thin gold metallic film to provide the intensity output; (i) an analog to digital (A/D) data acquisition device electrically connected to the capacitive angle sensor and the light response element for generating a data signal when the sample is provided to the sample chamber from an incident angle output of the capacitive angle sensor and an intensity output from the light response element; and (j) a personal computer electrically connected to the data acquisition device to receive and process the data signal generated by the data acquisition device and provide a surface plasmon resonance spectrum when the fluid sample is provided to the sample chamber. 31. The surface plasmon resonance biosensor system of claim 30, wherein (i) the capacitive angle sensor measures an outside angle between the beam of light and the prism and (II) the outside angle is correlated to the incident angle of the beam of light upon the metallic film to provide the incident angle output. 32. The surface plasmon resonance biosensor system of claim 31, wherein the sample holder is a dual SPR/QCM sample holder which allows simultaneous detection by both surface plasmon resonance and also quartz crystal microbalance (QCM) techniques, the dual SPR/QCM sample holder comprising: (i) a first QCM electrode on a quartz crystal surface of the sample holder that is internal to the sample chamber and that opposes the thin gold metallic film, and (ii) a second QCM electrode on a quartz crystal surface of the sample holder that is external to the sample chamber and that opposes the first QCM electrode. 33. The surface plasmon resonance biosensor system of claim 30, wherein: (i) the thin gold metallic film serves as a working electrode; (ii) the sample chamber optionally comprises a counter electrode, a reference electrode, or both therein; and (iii) the sample chamber comprising the electrode or electrodes allows performance of electrochemistry techniques in the sample chamber. 