A method for displaying operational status and health of a system, such as a multi-venue theater management system, by generating a perspective display mode image including system element images depicted and arranged according to a system configuration and generating and displaying a system status display including one or more displayable perspective images representing the operational status of the system by modifying the perspective model image for each perspective. A perspective is a visual representation of the system according to a relative significance of an aspect of the operational status of the system, such as system configuration, system operational status and user factors representing a display. The perspectives are depicted and arranged to represent a relative priority of visual display between the perspectives and relative priority of visual display between perspectives may be represented by at least one of relative size, color, relative location, and relative level of detail in depiction of the perspectives.
Claims 1. A method for displaying operational status of an information processing system including a plurality of process nodes, a system management node for controlling the plurality of process nodes and a network interconnecting the process nodes and the system management node, comprising the steps of: generating a perspective display mode image including a plurality of processing node images, a system management node image and a network image depicted and arranged according to a system configuration, generating a system status display image by modifying the perspective display model image to represent a perspective of the operational status of the system wherein a perspective of an operational status of the system is a visual representation of the system according to a relative significance of at least one aspect of the operational status of the system, and displaying the system status display image containing the perspective of the operational status of the system. 2. The method of claim 1 for displaying operational status of an information processing system, wherein: the at least one aspect of the operational status of the system includes at least one of system configuration information, system operational status information, and a user factor representing a display preference of a user of the system status display. 3. The method of claim 1 for displaying operational status of an information processing system, further comprising the steps of: detecting at least one of a change in an operational status in at least one of the processing and system management nodes and the network and a user factor input indicating a display preference of a user of the system status display, generating a new system status display image by modifying the perspective model to represent at least one second perspective representing the at least one of a change in an operational status of at least one of the processing and system management nodes and the network and a user factor input, and displaying the new system status display image. 4. The method of claim 1 for displaying operational status of an information processing system, wherein: the system status display image contains a plurality of perspectives depicted and arranged to represent a relative priority of visual display between the perspectives. 5. The method of claim 1 for displaying operational status of an information processing system, wherein: the perspective model is a sun and planet solar system model wherein a system management node image occupies a central sun position and each process node is represented by a process node image occupying a planet position around the sun position and wherein the network has a hub and spoke configuration represented by pathway lines connecting the system management node image with each process node image. 6. The method of claim 5 for displaying operational status of an information processing system, wherein: system elements within a process node are displayable as element object nodes occupying moon positions around the planet position occupied by the process node. 7. The method of claim 5 for displaying operational status of an information processing system wherein the first perspective comprises a representation of an operational status of at least one of the system management node, a process node and the network, further comprising the steps of: generating a new system status display image containing the first perspective and a second perspective wherein the first and second perspectives are depicted and arranged to represent a relative priority of visual display between the first and second perspectives, wherein the relative priority of visual display between perspectives is represented by at least one of relative size, color, animation, relative location, and relative level of detail in depiction of the perspectives. 8. The method of claim 1 for displaying operational status of an information processing system, wherein: a perspective is represented by at least one image object displayable in the system status display and the at least one image object includes an active image object for control input to the system. 9. The method of claim 3 for displaying operational status of an information processing system, further comprising the steps of: detecting a transfer of data through the network and between nodes of the system, generating a new system status display image by modifying the perspective model to include a visual representation of the transfer of data between nodes of the system, and displaying the new system status display image. 10. The method of claim 1 for displaying operational status of an information processing system, wherein: the information processing system is a multi-venue theater management system, wherein each process node includes at least one of a theater function, theater component and image projection system for displaying image streams from an image source, and a process node controller responsive to the system manager node for monitoring and controlling the at least one the theater function, theatre component and image projection system. 11. The method of claim 10 for displaying operational status of an information processing system, wherein the process node includes the image projection system and the image source is at least one of an image source located in the process node, an image source located in the system management node, and a remote image source located externally to the system. 12. A system for displaying operational status of an information processing system including a plurality of process nodes, a system management node for controlling the plurality of process nodes and a network interconnecting the process nodes and the system management node, comprising: a perspective display generator for generating a perspective display mode image including a plurality of processing node images, a system management node image and a network image depicted and arranged according to a system configuration, a status display generator for generating a system status display image by modifying the perspective display model image to represent a perspective of the operational status of the system wherein a perspective of an operational status of the system is a visual representation of the system according to a relative significance of at least one aspect of the operational status of the system, and a display system for displaying the system status display image containing the perspective of the operational status of the system. 13. The system of claim 12 for displaying operational status of an information processing system, wherein: the at least one aspect of the operational status of the system includes at least one of system configuration information, system operational status information, and a user factor representing a display preference of a user of the system status display. 14. The system of claim 12 for displaying operational status of an information processing system, wherein: the status display generator is responsive to at least one of a change in an operational status in at least one of the processing and system management nodes and the network and a user factor input indicating a display preference of a user of the system status display for generating a new system status display image by modifying the perspective model to represent at least one second perspective representing the at least one of a change in an operational status of at least one of the processing and system management nodes and the network and a user factor input, and the display generator is response to the new system status display image for displaying the new system status display image. 15. The system of claim 12 for displaying operational status of an information processing system, wherein: the system status display image contains a plurality of perspectives depicted and arranged to represent a relative priority of visual display between the perspectives. 16. The system of claim 12 for displaying operational status of an information processing system, wherein: the perspective model is a sun and planet solar system model wherein a system management node image occupies a central sun position and each process node is represented by a process node image occupying a planet position around the sun position and wherein the network has a hub and spoke configuration represented by pathway lines connecting the system management node image with each process node image. 17. The system of claim 16 for displaying operational status of an information processing system, wherein: system elements within a process node are displayable as element object nodes occupying moon positions around the planet position occupied by the process node. 18. The system of claim 16 for displaying operational status of an information processing system wherein the first perspective comprises a representation of an operational status of at least one of the system management node, a process node and the network, wherein: the status display generator is responsive to at least one of a change in an operational status in at least one of the processing and system management nodes and the network and a user factor input indicating a display preference of a user of the system status display for generating a new system status display image containing the first perspective and a second perspective wherein the first and second perspectives are depicted and arranged to represent a relative priority of visual display between the first and second perspectives, wherein the relative priority of visual display between perspectives is represented by at least one of relative size, color, animation, relative location, and relative level of detail in depiction of the perspectives. 19. The system of claim 12 for displaying operational status of an information processing system, wherein: a perspective is represented by at least one image object displayable in the system status display and the at least one image object includes an active image object for control input to the system. 20. The system of claim 14 for displaying operational status of an information processing system, wherein: the status display generator is responsive to a transfer of data through the network and between nodes of the system, for generating a new system status display image by modifying the perspective model to include a visual representation of the transfer of data between nodes of the system, and the display system is responsive to the new system status display image for displaying the new system status display image. 21. The system of claim 12 for displaying operational status of an information processing system, wherein: the information processing system is a multi-venue theater management system, wherein each process node includes at least one of a theater function, theater component and an image projection system for displaying image streams from an image source, and a process node controller responsive to the system manager node for monitoring and controlling the at least one of the theater function, theater component and image projection system. 22. The system of claim 21 for displaying operational status of an information processing system wherein the process node includes the image projection system and the image source is at least one of an image source located in the process node, an image source located in the system management node, and a remote image source located externally to the system. 