A photovoltaic (PV) module framing and coupling system enables the attachment of PV modules to a roof or other mounting surface without requiring the use of separate structural support members which attach directly to and span between multiple PV modules in a formed PV array. The inventive apparatus provides a one-piece coupling for interlocking the sides of PV modules together to form an array, resulting in a parallel beam support system. The inventive coupling member attaches to the frame at substantially any position along the length of the frame, and interlocks the photovoltaic module with adjacent photovoltaic modules. The inventive apparatus further includes a novel bracket member which attaches to a surface of the frame member and secures the frame member directly to a roof or other mounting surface.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic array comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic modules each comprising a plurality of frame members supporting a photovoltaic laminate; each frame member having an inside portion, an outside portion, a top portion, a bottom portion, a first end, a second end, and a length, said outside portion facing away from said photovoltaic laminate, at least some of said frame members including a slot oriented with an opening facing a direction substantially parallel to said photovoltaic laminate and extending substantially the length of said frame member, said slot adapted to interlock a first photovoltaic module with adjacent photovoltaic modules with at least one parallel coupling member which attaches to said outside portion at substantially any position along the length of said frame member. 2. The photovoltaic array of claim 1 wherein said parallel coupling member comprises at least one locking portion and at least one rotating portion adapted to lock adjacent frame members to the coupling. 3. The photovoltaic array of claim 2 wherein rotation of said at least one rotating portion causes said parallel coupling member to bear against at least two opposing surfaces of at least one frame member, at least one of said opposing surfaces being an inside surface of said slot, said locking portion bearing against said inside surface of said slot. 4. The photovoltaic array of claim 1 wherein said parallel coupling member locks to at least one frame member by compressing a portion of said frame member between two portions of said parallel coupling member. 5. The photovoltaic array of claim 1 wherein said parallel coupling member further comprises a raised grounding portion adapted to electrically ground to said frame member upon rotation of said rotating portion. 6. The photovoltaic array of claim 1 wherein said at least one parallel coupling member further comprises a series coupling portion. 7. The photovoltaic array of claim 1 further comprising at least one bracket member attached to at least one of an inside surface and an outside surface of at least one frame member and securing said at least one frame member directly to a mounting surface. 8. The photovoltaic array of claim 7 wherein said bracket member is attached to said frame member slot. 9. The photovoltaic array of claim 7 wherein said bracket is height adjustable. 10. The photovoltaic array of claim 7 wherein said bracket is attached to an outside surface of said frame member. 11. The photovoltaic array of claim 7 wherein said bracket is attached to said frame member by at least one parallel coupling member. 12. The photovoltaic array of claim 7 wherein said bracket comprises a series coupling portion. 13. A method for forming and mounting a photovoltaic array to a roof, said method comprising: (a) providing a plurality of PV modules; (b) securing a first PV module to a roof with at least one bracket; (c) interlocking a second PV module to the first PV module with at least one parallel coupling which interlocks the sides of two adjacent frame members of the first and second PV modules together in parallel; (d) attaching the second PV module to the roof with at least one bracket; and (e) repeating steps (c) and (d) for all remaining PV modules in a desired PV array, successively interlocking each new PV module to the side of a mounted PV module and attaching at least one bracket to each module. 14. The method for forming and mounting a photovoltaic array to a roof of claim 13 further including rotating the at least one parallel coupling member within a slot on adjacent PV modules to electrically interconnect the modules together. 15. The method for forming and mounting a photovoltaic array to a roof of claim 13 further including adjusting the height of each PV module with the bracket. 16. The method for forming and mounting a photovoltaic array to a roof of claim 13 further including sliding a parallel coupling in a slot along the length of the side of a frame member to a desired position for coupling. 