A solar powered ventilation system for regulating the interior temperature of a motorized vehicle and a method of controlling the same is provided. The vehicle includes a battery pack in electrical communication with at least one motor assembly that is selectively operable to propel the vehicle. The solar powered ventilation system includes a solar panel in electrical communication with a fan and the battery pack. The method includes: determining if sufficient solar load is available; if so, determining the current vehicle power mode; determining if the current battery pack temperature is greater than a threshold battery pack temperature if the vehicle is in "off" or "accessories on" mode; and commanding the solar powered ventilation system to modify the interior temperature of the vehicle to thereby decrease the temperature of the battery pack if the current battery pack temperature is greater than the threshold battery pack temperature.
Claims 1. A method of controlling a solar powered ventilation system for a motorized vehicle having a battery pack in electrical communication with at least one motor assembly selectively operable to propel the vehicle, the method comprising: determining if a predetermined minimum solar load is available; determining if a current power mode of the vehicle is in one of off and accessories on mode if said predetermined minimum solar load is available; determining if a current temperature of the battery pack is greater than a threshold battery pack temperature if said current vehicle power mode is in off or accessories on mode; and commanding the solar powered ventilation system to modify an interior temperature of the vehicle to thereby decrease the temperature of said battery pack if said current battery pack temperature is greater than said threshold battery pack temperature. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising: determining if an ambient air temperature is less than said vehicle interior temperature if said current vehicle power mode is in off or accessories on mode. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein commanding the solar powered ventilation system to modify said vehicle interior temperature to thereby decrease the temperature of said battery pack includes: disabling solar powered battery pack charging, setting a vehicle HVAC system to allow ambient air into the vehicle interior, and enabling a solar powered vent fan of the solar powered ventilation system if the ambient air temperature is less than said vehicle interior temperature; and disabling solar powered battery pack charging and disabling said solar powered vent fan if the ambient air temperature is greater than said vehicle interior temperature. 4. The method of claim 3, further comprising: disabling said solar powered vent fan if said current battery pack temperature is less than said threshold battery pack temperature and the ambient air temperature is less than said vehicle interior temperature; and setting said vehicle HVAC system to allow ambient air into vehicle interior and enabling said solar powered vent fan if said current battery pack temperature is less than said threshold battery pack temperature and the ambient air temperature is greater than said vehicle interior temperature. 5. The method of claim 4, further comprising: determining if a current battery pack state of charge is greater than a predetermined target state of charge; and enabling solar powered battery pack charging if said current battery pack state of charge is less than said predetermined target state of charge. 6. The method of claim 5, further comprising: disabling solar powered battery pack charging if said current battery pack state of charge is greater than said predetermined target state of charge; determining if a cell-to-cell voltage of the battery pack is greater than a predetermined maximum allowable voltage difference; and enabling solar powered battery pack cell equalization if said cell-to-cell voltage of the battery pack is greater than said predetermined maximum allowable voltage difference. 7. The method of claim 6, further comprising: disabling solar powered battery pack cell equalization if said cell-to-cell voltage of the battery pack is less than said predetermined maximum allowable voltage difference. 8. The method of claim 1, further comprising: determining if said current vehicle power mode is in run mode if said current vehicle power mode is not in off or accessories on mode; and charging the battery pack and a vehicle starting-lighting-and-ignition battery based at least in part upon a predetermined baseline energy management strategy supplemented with available solar power. 9. The method of claim 1, further comprising: monitoring a temperature, state of charge, and state of health of the battery pack and a vehicle starting-lighting-and-ignition battery if said predetermined minimum solar load is available. 10. The method of claim 1, further comprising: charging a vehicle starting-lighting-and-ignition battery based at least in part upon a predetermined baseline energy management strategy with available solar power if said current vehicle power mode is in off or accessories on mode. 11. A method of controlling a solar powered ventilation system for regulating an interior temperature of a motorized vehicle, the vehicle including an SLI battery, an HVAC system, and a battery pack in electrical communication with at least one motor assembly selectively operable to propel the vehicle, the solar powered ventilation system including a solar panel in electrical communication with a fan, the battery pack, and the SLI battery, and operable to supply electrical power thereto, the method comprising: determining if a predetermined minimum solar load is available; determining if a current vehicle power mode is in one of off, run, and accessories on mode if said predetermined minimum solar load is available; determining if an outside ambient air temperature is less than the vehicle interior temperature and if a current temperature of the battery pack is greater than a threshold battery pack temperature if said current vehicle power mode is in off or accessories on mode; disabling solar powered battery pack charging, setting the vehicle HVAC system to allow ambient air into the vehicle interior, and enabling the solar powered fan if said current battery pack temperature is greater than said threshold battery pack temperature and the outside ambient air temperature is less than said vehicle interior temperature; and disabling solar powered battery pack charging and disabling said solar powered fan if said current battery pack temperature is greater than said threshold battery pack temperature and the outside ambient air temperature is greater than said vehicle interior temperature. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising: disabling said solar powered fan if said current battery pack temperature is less than said threshold battery pack temperature and the outside ambient air temperature is less than said vehicle interior temperature; and setting the vehicle HVAC system to allow ambient air into vehicle interior and enabling said solar powered fan if said current battery pack temperature is less than said threshold battery pack temperature and the outside ambient air temperature is greater than said vehicle interior temperature. 13. The method of claim 12, further comprising: determining if a current battery pack state of charge is greater than a predetermined target state of charge; and enabling solar powered battery pack charging if said current battery pack state of charge is less than said predetermined target state of charge. 14. The method of claim 13, further comprising: disabling solar powered battery pack charging if said current battery pack state of charge is greater than said predetermined target state of charge; determining if a cell-to-cell voltage of the battery pack is greater than a predetermined maximum allowable voltage difference; enabling solar powered battery pack cell equalization if said cell-to-cell voltage of the battery pack is greater than said predetermined maximum allowable voltage difference; and disabling solar powered battery pack cell equalization if said cell-to-cell voltage of the battery pack is less than said predetermined maximum allowable voltage difference. 15. An electrically-propelled motorized vehicle having a vehicle body defining an interior compartment therein, the vehicle comprising: at least one electric motor assembly mounted to the vehicle body and selectively operable to propel the vehicle; a battery pack including at least one battery module mounted inside the vehicle interior compartment and in electrical communication with said at least one electric motor assembly to distribute electric current thereto whereby said at least one electric motor assembly propels the vehicle; a ventilation system including an air vent selectively fluidly communicating the interior compartment with outside ambient air, and at least one fan mounted to the vehicle body and operable to pull ambient air into the vehicle interior compartment; a solar panel integrated with the vehicle body and operatively connected to said battery pack and ventilation system to supply electric power thereto, said solar panel including at least one solar cell configured to convert absorbed sunlight into electricity; and a controller in operative communication with said ventilation system and said solar panel and configured to regulate operation of the same; wherein said controller is programmed and configured to determine if a predetermined minimum solar load is available and responsively determine if a current vehicle power mode is in one of off, run, and accessories on mode if said predetermined minimum solar load is available; wherein said controller is programmed and configured to determine if a current temperature of said battery pack is greater than a threshold battery pack temperature and if an outside ambient air temperature is greater than a vehicle interior temperature if said current vehicle power mode is in off or accessories on mode; wherein said controller is programmed and configured to disable solar powered battery pack charging, set said air vent to allow ambient air into the vehicle interior, and command said solar panel to power said fan if said current battery pack temperature is greater than said threshold battery pack temperature and the outside ambient air temperature is less than said vehicle interior temperature. 16. The vehicle of claim 15, wherein said controller is further programmed and configured to disable solar powered battery pack charging and command said solar panel to not power said fan if said current battery pack temperature is greater than said threshold battery pack temperature and the outside ambient air temperature is greater than said vehicle interior temperature. 17. The vehicle of claim 16, wherein said controller is further programmed and configured to command said solar panel to not power said fan if said current battery pack temperature is less than said threshold battery pack temperature and the outside ambient air temperature is less than said vehicle interior temperature; and set said air vent to allow ambient air into the vehicle interior and command said solar panel to power said fan if said current battery pack temperature is less than said threshold battery pack temperature and the outside ambient air temperature is greater than said vehicle interior temperature. 18. The vehicle of claim 17, wherein said controller is further programmed and configured to determine if a current battery pack state of charge is greater than a predetermined target state of charge; and enable solar powered battery pack charging if said current battery pack state of charge is less than said predetermined target state of charge. 