A power conversion device includes a combination of at least one power supply, a power converter, an inverter, a converter, an AC power circuit, a power output selection device, and a control unit. The at least one power supply is converted by the inverter and the converter to provide an output of AC power or DC power connected to the power output selection device and the control unit is used to effect control of the distribution of input power supplies in the conversion of power and to ensure power output of the power output selection device so that the present invention allows for timed management and distribution of power flows for the AC power outputs from the electric main and the inverter in order to provide stable AC power output and provide DC power outputs of different voltage levels for powering various electric appliances.
Claims 1. A power conversion device, comprising: at least one power supply; a power converter, which is connected to the at least one power supply and comprises an AC/DC converter and a DC/DC converter for conversion of an electrical power received from the at least one power supply into a DC power input; an inverter, which has a terminal connected to the power converter for inverting the DC power input that is supplied from the power converter into an AC power output; a converter, which is connected to the power converter for converting the DC power input that is supplied from the power converter into a different DC power output; an AC power circuit, which comprises a switching device for controlling transmission of AC power output, the AC power circuit having a terminal connected to an electric main and another terminal connected to the output of the inverter; a power output selection device, which receives the different DC power output from the converter, the power output selection device receiving the AC power output from the switching device of the AC power circuit, the power output selection device being connected to at least one electric appliance; and a control unit, which is connected to the switching device of the AC power circuit and the inverter, the control unit being connected to the converter, the control unit supplying a signal to control the power converter in order to control distribution of power supply in performing power conversion, the control unit issuing a signal to control the power output selection device to control power supplied to the at least one electric appliance. 2. The power conversion device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the at least one power supply comprises a power supply selected among bicycle power generation, fuel power generation, battery power generation, geothermal power generation, fuel cell power generation, wind power generation, and solar power generation. 3. The power conversion device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the switching device of the AC power circuit comprises a three-way switch. 4. The power conversion device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the control unit comprises a selector for selecting a sequence for power output. 5. The power conversion device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the control unit comprises a distributor for distributing ratio of power output. 6. The power conversion device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the control unit comprises a program controller for program-controlling and managing power input. 7. The power conversion device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the control unit comprises a MPPT (Maximum Power Point Tracking) charger for tracking status of power supplying to the power converter. 8. The power conversion device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the electric appliance selectively comprises one of computer facility, escape indicator and emergency lighting, ventilation facility, lighting facility, automatized systems, monitoring systems, and safety guard systems. 