The carriage provided for a separation device comprises a carriage body serving to hold a separation element, which carriage body comprises at least one running wheel, which can be moved on a rail, and a drive device made up of an electric motor and a gearing, which drive device is coupled to a first drive element, by means of which a force can be transferred to the rail and the carriage can be driven. According to the invention the drive device is coupled to at least one second drive element, by means of which the separation element held so as to be rotatable can be driven. Using the inventive carriage, separation elements which are separate or connected to each other in a jointed way can be advantageously displaced and/or rotated.
Claims 1. Carriage for a separation device with a carriage body serving to hold a separation element, which carriage body comprises at least one running wheel which can be moved on a rail, and with a drive device comprising at least an electric motor and a gearing, which drive device is coupled to a first drive element, by means of which a force can be transferred directly or indirectly to the rail and the carriage can be driven, wherein the drive device is coupled to at least one second drive element, by means of which the rotatably held separation element can be driven. 2. Carriage according to claim 1, wherein the gearing is a differential gear or a planet gear, which comprises an input shaft coupled to the electric motor, an output shaft and a gearing housing coupled to the input shaft and the output shaft, whereby a) one of the drive elements is coupled to the rotatably mounted gearing housing and b) the other one of the drive elements is coupled to the output shaft mounted so as to be rotatable in the carriage body with the aid of a bearing element. 3. Carriage according to claim 1, wherein the planet gear comprises planet wheels coupled to the input shaft or the output shaft, which planet wheels drive a sun wheel coupled to the output shaft or the input shaft and a hollow wheel connected to the gearing housing, whereby the rotation axes of the input shaft, the output shaft and the gearing housing extend coaxially with each other. 4. Carriage according to claim 1, wherein the rotation axes of the output shaft and of the gearing housing are perpendicular to the rotation axes of the running wheels and/or perpendicular to the main axis of the rail, and in that the carriage is provided with electrical contacts, by means of which conductor rails can be contacted, which are connected to the rail and are arranged parallel thereto. 5. Carriage according to claim 1, wherein in the carriage body a mounting shaft, which is serving to hold a separation element, is mounted so as to be rotatable and is arranged parallel to the output shaft and coupled via a connection element to the second drive element, and/or in that the first and the second drive element and the connection element, which is a segment only, comprise toothing. 6. Carriage according to claim 1, wherein a) the first drive element can be coupled to a coupling belt extending in parallel along the rail and connected thereto, or b) the first drive element is coupled to at least one of the running wheels. 7. Carriage according to claim 1, wherein a control unit, which may be coupled to a central control unit, is provided, a) by means of which control unit the first and/or the second drive device can be controlled and/or b) by means of which control unit a first and/or a second detent unit can be controlled, by means of which the first or second drive element of the first drive device can be locked. 8. Separation device with at least one carriage according to claim 1 guided in a rail wherein the carriage a) is connected to a separation element provided with solar cells, which separation element can be moved along the rail and rotated, so that a desired incident radiation angle can be adjusted relative to the incident solar radiation; or b) is connected to a separation element of a sliding stacking wall, which can be rotated by a desired angle in particular in the parking area; or c) can be connected to a separation element of a folding sliding wall, which can be rotated during the travel. 9. Separation device according to claim 8, wherein conductor rails, which are connected to a power supply unit, are installed in the rail, to which conductor rails the drive device of the carriage is coupled via sliding contacts and/or to which conductor rails solar cells, which are stationary or connected to the separation elements, are connected directly or via the sliding contacts, from which solar cells electrical energy can be transferred via the conductor rails to further separation elements or to a current regulating unit, which feeds the supplied energy into a further current network. 10. Separation device according to claim 8, wherein the U-profile-shaped rail comprises a middle element and two side elements, which are each provided with guiding and mounting ribs, by means of which within the rail the conductor rails are held on the middle element and the cog belt is held on one of the side elements, and along which guide wheels, which are connected to the carriage body of the carriage, can be guided, and in that the side elements are provided with foot elements elbowed against each other, on which the at least one running wheel can roll, and/or in that the at least one separation element is guided on the lower side in a guide rail. 11. Separation device according to claim 8, wherein every second one of the separation elements of the folding sliding wall, which are pivotally connected to each other, is connected at one end to a carriage, whereby the drive speed of each carriage is adjusted so that the opening angles between each two of the separation elements change at least approximately at the same speed upon opening and closing of the folding sliding wall. 12. Separation device according to one of the claims 8, wherein two of the respective separation elements of the folding sliding wall are connected to each other via a hinge device, which forms a first rotation axis provided for the first separation element and a second rotation axis provided for the second separation element, said rotation axes being arranged at a distance from each other and extending parallel to each other. 13. Separation device according to claim 12, wherein C-shaped mounting profiles are provided on the end faces of the separation elements orientated against each other, on the lower and upper sides of which mounting profiles, by means of sliding blocks, two respective mounting blocks of a first or second hinge unit are provided, which are held by means of a connection plate so as to be rotatable coaxially with the associated rotation axis and comprise pinion segments engaging in each other. 14. Separation device according to claim 13, wherein hollow round profile segments are provided on the end faces of the separation elements orientated against each other, which round profile segments can be rotated at an at least approximately constant distance from each other when the folding sliding wall is opened and closed. 15. Separation device according to claim 8, wherein the transfer of direct current or alternating current, which can be transferred from a power supply unit and from stationary or mobile solar cells via the conductor rails, can be controlled by the central and at least one local control unit. 