Provided is a solar collector assembly that can be manufactured, assembled, and maintained efficiently. A number of arrays that include one or more reflective material formed in a parabolic shape can be attached to a backbone. The backbone is attached to a polar support that is positioned at or near the center of gravity for the solar collector assembly. The polar support at or near the center of gravity allows the entire assembly to be tilted, rotated and/or lowered for various purposes (e.g., service, maintenance, safety). The solar collector assembly can be transported as modular units and/or in a partially assembled state.
Claims 1. A method of erecting a solar collector assembly, comprising: attaching a plurality of arrays to a backbone structure, wherein each of the plurality of arrays is attached to the backbone structure to maintain a spatial distance from each of the other plurality of arrays, the plurality of arrays comprise at least one reflective surface; connecting the backbone structure to a polar mount that is positioned at or near a center of gravity; and attaching the polar mount to a fixed mounting and a movable mounting that enables lowering of the solar collector assembly. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein attaching the plurality of arrays comprises attaching the plurality of arrays such that the plurality of arrays rotate through a vertical axis as a function of the spatial distance. 3. The method of claim 2, further comprises rotating the plurality of arrays and the backbone structure around the center of gravity along the vertical axis to change an orientation of the plurality of arrays. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the rotating the plurality of arrays and the backbone structure comprises rotating the plurality of arrays and the backbone structure around the center of gravity along the vertical axis to change one of an operating position, a safety position, or any position there between of the plurality of arrays. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprise disengaging the polar mount from the movable mounting to lower the solar collector assembly. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein attaching the plurality of arrays to the backbone structure comprises attaching the plurality of arrays to the backbone structure at a same focus length. 7. The method of claim 1, further comprises transporting the solar collector assembly in a partially assembled state or as modular units. 8. A method for mass-producing solar collectors, comprising: forming a solar wing into a parabolic shape, the solar wing comprises a plurality of support ribs; attaching a reflective surface to the solar wing to create an assembly; and forming an array with a plurality of solar wing assemblies. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising: attaching the array to a backbone structure. 10. The method of claim 9, further comprises equipping the backbone structure with a plurality of photovoltaic cells. 11. The method of claim 8, forming the solar wing into the parabolic shape, comprising: attaching the plurality of support ribs to a support beam, a height of each support rib is selected to create the parabolic shape. 12. The method of claim 8, attaching the reflective surface to the solar wing comprising: placing the reflective surface on the plurality of support ribs; and securing the reflective surface to the plurality of support ribs. 13. The method of claim 8, attaching the reflective surface to the solar wing comprising: sliding the reflective surface over the plurality of support ribs and under mirror support clips; and securing the reflective surface at both ends of the solar wing. 14. A solar collector, comprising: at least four arrays attached to a backbone support, each array comprises at least one reflective surface; a polar mount on which the backbone support and the at least four arrays can be tilted, rotated or lowered, the polar mount is positioned at or near a center of gravity; and a polar mount support arm operatively connected to a movable mount and a fixed mount. 15. The solar collector of claim 14, the polar mount support arm is removed from the movable mount for lowering of the solar collector. 16. The solar collector of claim 14, the backbone support comprises a collection apparatus that comprises a plurality of photovoltaic cells that are utilized to facilitate a transformation of solar energy to electrical energy. 17. The solar collector of claim 14, each of the at least four arrays comprise a plurality of solar wings formed in parabolic shape, each solar wing comprises a plurality of support ribs. 18. The solar collector of claim 14, further comprising a positioning device that rotates the at least four arrays about a vertical axis. 19. A solar wing assembly, comprising: a plurality of mirror support ribs operatively attached to a shaped beam, wherein pairs of the plurality of mirror support ribs are the same size to form a parabolic shape; a mirror placed on the plurality of mirror support ribs and secured to the shaped beam. 20. The solar wing assembly of claim 19, further comprising a plurality of mirror clips that secure the mirror to the shaped beam. 