A modular linear solar energy collection system comprises one or more reflector units each having a light-weight generally planar aluminum frame that mounts a number of solar panels in a fixed position at angles which progressively increase from the frame centerline outwardly to its perimeter so as to collectively form a surface having a shape approximating that of a parabola. The focal line of such parabola is coincident with a secondary reflector which receives sunlight incident on the solar panels and reflects such light onto a receiver tube mounted in a fixed position concentric to the centerline of the frame. The frame is connected to a drive mechanism operative to pivot the frame and solar panels in order to track the position of the sun during the course of a day.
Claims 1. A solar energy collector system, comprising: at least one frame; a number of solar panels each having a reflective surface, said solar panels being mounted to said at least one frame in position to reflect sunlight incident on said reflective surface thereof; a receiver tube within which a heat transfer fluid is circulated; a secondary reflector positioned so as to receive sunlight reflected from said solar panels and to reflect said sunlight onto said receiver tube to heat the heat transfer fluid therein. 2. The system of claim 1 in which said at least one frame comprises opposed end walls and opposed side walls interconnected to form a substantially planar structure having a centerline, said receiver tube being concentrically disposed about said centerline. 3. The system of claim 2 in which said solar panels are arranged in a first array extending from said receiver tube to one of said side walls, and a second array extending from said receiver tube to the other of said side walls, each of said solar panels in both said first and second arrays having a first end fixed to one of said end walls and a second end fixed to the other of said end walls. 4. The system of claim 3 in which said solar panels in said first array and said second array each have opposed side edges extending between said first and second ends thereof, said solar panels in each of said first array and said second array being oriented side-by-side with a space between the side edge of adjacent solar panels. 5. The system of claim 3 in which said solar panels in each of said first array and said second array are oriented at an angle with respect to said secondary reflector, the angle of each solar panel within said first and second arrays progressively increasing from said centerline of said frame to said opposed side walls thereof. 6. The system of claim 5 in which said angulation of said solar panels in said first array and in said second array collectively form a surface having a shape approximating that of a parabola with a focal line substantially coincident with said secondary reflector. 7. The system of claim 1 in which each of said at least one frame comprises a number of frames located side-by-side, each of said frames mounting a number of said solar panels. 8. The system of claim 1 in which each of said solar panels comprises a first section formed of honeycomb aluminum, a second section having said reflective surface and a third section connecting said first section to said second section. 9. The system of claim 8 in which said first section of honeycomb aluminum has opposed ends and opposed sides, said first section being formed in a concave shape between said opposed sides. 10. The system of claim 1 in which said at least one frame is pivoted to track the movement of the sun during the course of a day, said frame being pivoted relative to said receiver tube which is mounted in a fixed position. 11. The system of claim 10 further including a conduit connected to said receiver tube, said conduit being mounted in a fixed position relative to said frame. 12. The system of claim 1 in which said frame has opposed end walls and opposed side walls interconnected to one another, said receiver tube and said secondary reflector extending between said opposed end walls of said frame. 13. The system of claim 12 in which said secondary reflector directs reflected sunlight along substantially the entire extent of said receiver tube. 14. A solar energy collector system, comprising: at least one frame; a number of solar panels, each of said solar panels including a first section formed of a light-weight honeycomb structure, a second section having a reflective surface and a third section connecting said first and second sections, said solar panels being mounted to said at least one frame in position to reflect sunlight incident on said reflective surfaces thereof; a receiver tube within which a heat transfer fluid is circulated; a secondary reflector positioned so as to receive sunlight reflected from said solar panels and to reflect said sunlight onto said receiver tube to heat the heat transfer fluid therein. 15. The system of claim 14 in which said light-weight honeycomb structure is honeycomb aluminum. 16. The system of claim 14 in which said first section has opposed ends and opposed sides, said first section being formed in a concave shape between said opposed sides. 17. A solar energy collector device, comprising: at least one frame; a number of solar panels each having a reflective surface, said solar panels being mounted to said at least one frame in position to reflect sunlight incident on said reflective surface thereof; a receiver tube within which a heat transfer fluid is circulated; a secondary reflector supported by said frame in position to receive sunlight reflected from said solar panels and to reflect said sunlight onto said receiver tube to heat the heat transfer fluid therein; a drive mechanism operative to pivot said at least one frame between a first position in which said solar panels face in a substantially easterly direction, and a second position in which said solar panels face in a substantially westerly direction; a washing system operative to apply water onto a first array of said solar panels and onto at least a portion of said secondary reflector when said at least one frame is in said first position, and to apply water onto a second array of said solar panels and onto at least one other portion of said secondary reflector when said at least one frame is in said second position. 18. The system of claim 17 in which said washing system is an in-ground sprinkler system having sprinkler heads effective to direct water onto said solar panels and onto said secondary reflector. 19. A solar energy collector device, comprising: at least one frame including opposed side walls and opposed end walls interconnected to one another, said frame being pivotal between a first position and a second position; a receiver tube within which a heat transfer fluid is circulated, said at least one frame being pivotal relative to said receiver tube; a number of solar panels each having a reflective surface, said solar panels being mounted to said at least one frame in position to reflect sunlight incident on said reflective surface thereof; a secondary reflector positioned so as to receive sunlight reflected from said solar panels and to reflect said sunlight onto said receiver tube to heat the heat transfer fluid therein. 20. The system of claim 19 further including a conduit coupled to said receiver tube, said conduit being mounted in a fixed position relative to said frame. 21. The system of claim 19 in which said at least one frame comprises a number of frames oriented end-to-end, said receiver tube associated with each frame being coupled to said receiver tube associated with an adjacent frame. 22. The system of claim 19 in which each of said end walls of said at least one frame is formed with a bore, said receiver tube extending between said end walls and within said bore therein. 23. A solar energy collector system, comprising: at least one frame including opposed end walls and opposed side walls interconnected to one another; a number of shafts pivotally supported by said at least one frame, said shafts being spaced from one another in a direction from one end wall to the other end wall of said at least one frame; a number of solar panels fixed to each of said shafts in position to reflect sunlight incident on a reflective surface of said solar panels; a receiver tube within which a heat transfer fluid is circulated; a secondary reflector positioned so as to receive sunlight reflected from said solar panels and to reflect said sunlight onto said receiver tube to heat the heat transfer fluid therein; a first drive mechanism operative to pivot said at least one frame between a first position in which said solar panels face in a substantially easterly direction, and a second position in which said solar panels face in a substantially westerly direction; a second drive mechanism coupled to said shafts, said second drive mechanism being effective to pivot said shafts to orient said solar panels at different positions in a generally northerly direction and in a generally southerly direction according to the angle of incidence of the sun. 24. The system of claim 23 in which each of said solar panels collectively form a surface having a shape approximating that of a parabola with a focal line substantially coincident with said secondary reflector. 25. The system of claim 23 in which each of said solar panels comprises a first section formed of honeycomb aluminum, a second section having said reflective surface and a third section connecting said first section to said second section. 26. The system of claim 23 in which said first section of honeycomb aluminum has opposed ends and opposed sides, said first section being formed in a concave shape between said opposed sides. 27. A solar energy collector system, comprising: a number of reflector units oriented side-by-side, each of said reflector units comprising: (i) a frame; (ii) a number of solar panels each having a reflective surface, said solar panels being mounted to said frame in position to reflect sunlight incident on said reflective surface thereof; (iii) a receiver tube within which a heat transfer fluid is circulated; (iv) a secondary reflector positioned so as to receive sunlight reflected from said solar panels and to reflect said sunlight onto said receiver tube to heat the heat transfer fluid therein. 28. The system of claim 27 in which said frame of each of said reflector units comprises opposed end walls and opposed side walls interconnected to form a substantially planar structure having a centerline, said receiver tube being concentrically disposed about said centerline. 29. The system of claim 27 in which said solar panels of each of said reflector units collectively form a surface having a shape approximating that of a parabola with a focal line substantially coincident with said secondary reflector. 30. The system of claim 27 in which each of said solar panels comprises a first section formed of a honeycomb aluminum, a second section having said reflective surface and a third section connecting said first layer to said second layer. 31. The system of claim 30 in which said first section of honeycomb aluminum has opposed ends and opposed sides, said first section being formed in a concave shape between said opposed sides. 32. The system of claim 1 in which said frame is pivoted to track the movement of the sun during the course of a day, said frame being pivotal relative to said receiver tube which is mounted in a fixed position. 33. The system of claim 27 in which said receiver tube of each of said reflector units is coupled to said receiver tube of at least one adjacent reflector unit. 