A method of manufacturing a solar cell by providing a first semiconductor substrate and depositing a first sequence of layers of semiconductor material to form a first solar subcell, including a first bond layer disposed on the top of the first sequence of layers. A second semiconductor substrate is provided, and on the top surface of the second substrate a second sequence of layers of semiconductor material is deposited forming at least a second solar subcell. A second bond layer is disposed on the top of said second sequence of layers. The first solar subcell is mounted on top of the second solar subcell by joining the first bond layer to the second bond layer in an ultra high vacuum chamber, and the first semiconductor substrate is removed.
Claims 1. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first semiconductor substrate; depositing on the first substrate a first sequence of layers of semiconductor material to form a first solar subcell, including a first bond layer disposed on the top of said first sequence of layers; providing a second semiconductor substrate; depositing on the top surface of the second substrate a second sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming at least a second solar subcell, including a second bond layer disposed on the top of said second sequence of layers; mounting the first solar subcell on top of the second solar subcell by joining the first bond layer to the second bond layers; and removing the first semiconductor substrate. 2. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said second semiconductor substrate is germanium, and said bonding takes place in an ultra high vacuum chamber. 3. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said second sequence of layers includes layers forming a tunnel diode. 4. A method as defined in claim 3, wherein said layers forming a tunnel diode include InGaAs and AlGaAs layers. 5. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said first bond layer includes InGaAs. 6. The method as defined in claim 6, further comprising depositing a contact metal layer in a sequence of layers including Ti/Au/Ag/Au on the bottom surface of said second semiconductor substrate. 7. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said depositing a sequence of layers on the first substrate comprises: forming an upper first solar subcell on said second substrate having a first band gap; forming a middle second solar subcell over said first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a graded interlayer over said second solar cell; forming a lower third solar subcell over said graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell. 8. The method as defined claim 1, wherein said second bond layer is composed of In.sub.0.30GaAs. 9. The method as defined in claim 7, wherein the upper subcell is composed of InGa(Al)P. 10. The method as defined in claim 7, wherein the middle subcell is composed of an GaAs, GaInP, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and a GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 11. The method as defined in claim 7, wherein the lower solar subcell is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter layer, or a InGaAs base layer and a InGaP emitter layer. 12. The method as defined in claim 7, wherein the graded interlayer is compositionally graded to lattice match the middle subcell on one side and the lower subcell on the other side. 13. The method as defined in claim 7, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of InGaAlAs. 14. The method as defined in claim 7, wherein the graded interlayer has approximately a 1.5 eV band gap throughout its thickness. 15. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first semiconductor substrate; depositing on a first substrate a first sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming at least one solar cell; providing a second semiconductor substrate; depositing on the second substrate a second sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming at least one solar cell; bonding the first sequence of layers to the second sequence of layers; mounting a surrogate third substrate on top of the second substrate; and removing the first substrate to form a bonded semiconductor structure. 16. A method as defined in claim 15, wherein said first semiconductor substrate is GaAs, and said second semiconductor substrate is germanium, and said bonding takes place in ultra high vacuum at approximately 400.degree. C. 17. A method as defined in claim 15, wherein said second sequence of layers includes layers forming a tunnel diode including InGaAs and AlGaAs layers. 18. A method as defined in claim 15, wherein said first sequence of layers includes first bond layer of In.sub.0.30GaAs, and said second sequence of layers includes a second bond layer of In.sub.0.015GaAs. 19. The method as defined in claim 15, further comprising depositing a contact metal layer consisting essentially of a sequence of layers including Ti/Au/Ag/Au on the bottom surface of said second semiconductor substrate. 20. A method as defined in claim 15, wherein said depositing a sequence of layers on the first substrate comprises: forming an upper first solar subcell on said second substrate having a first band gap; forming a middle second solar subcell over said first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a graded interlayer over said second solar cell; forming a lower third solar subcell over said graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell. 21. The method as defined in claim 20, further comprising forming a metal grid layer over said upper first solar subcell, and wherein the upper first subcell is composed of InGa(Al)P. 22. The method as defined in claim 20, wherein the middle second subcell is composed of a GaAs, GaInP, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and a GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 23. The method as defined in claim 20, wherein the lower solar subcell is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter layer, or a InGaAs base layer and a InGaP emitter layer. 24. The method as defined in claim 20, wherein the graded interlayer is compositionally graded to lattice match the middle subcell on one side and the lower subcell on the other side. 25. The method as defined in claim 15, wherein the surrogate substrate is selected from the group of sapphire, Ge, GaAs, or silicon. 26. The method as defined in claim 15, wherein the sequence of layers of the second substrate is bonded to said surrogate substrate by an adhesive. 27. The method as defined in claim 15, further comprising mounting the bonded semiconductor structure on a rigid coverglass, and removing the surrogate substrate. 28. A multijunction solar cell comprising: a first solar subcell having a first band gap; a second solar subcell disposed over the first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than the first band gap; a graded interlayer disposed over the second subcell having a third band gap greater than the second band gap; a third solar subcell disposed over the graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than the second band gap and lattice mismatched with respect to the second subcell; and a fourth solar subcell disposed over said third subcell having a fifth band gap smaller than said fourth band gap and lattice mismatched with respect to said third subcell. 29. The solar cell as defined in claim 30, wherein the first subcell is the upper subcell and is composed of InGa(Al)P; the second subcell is a middle subcell and is composed of a GaAs, GaInP, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and a GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region; and the third subcell is a middle subcell and is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter layer, or an InGaAs base layer and an InGaP emitter layer. 30. The solar cell as defined in claim 30, wherein the graded interlayer is compositionally graded to lattice match the second subcell on one side and the third subcell on the other side. 31. The solar cell as defined in claim 30, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of InGaAlAs. 32. The solar cell as defined in claim 30, wherein the graded interlayer has approximately a 1.5 eV band gap throughout its thickness. 33. The solar cell as defined in claim 30, wherein the fourth subcell is composed of germanium. 34. The solar cell as defined in claim 30, wherein the band gap of the first, second, third and fourth subcells are approximately 1.91, 1.42, 1.02 and 0.67 eV respectively. 