Exemplary embodiments provide a solar cell device, and method for forming the solar cell device by integrating a switch component into a solar cell element. The solar cell element can include a solar cell, a solar cell array and/or a solar cell panel The integrated solar cell element can be used for a solar sensor, while the solar sensor can also use discrete switches for each solar cell area of the sensor. Exemplary embodiments also provide a connection system for the solar cell elements and a method for super-connecting the solar cell elements to provide a desired connection path or a desired power output through switch settings. The disclosed connection systems and methods can allow for by-passing underperforming solar cell elements from a plurality of solar cell elements. In embodiments, the solar cell element can be extended to include a battery or a capacitor.
Claims 1. A device comprising: a solar cell element, wherein the solar cell element comprises two solar cell terminals; and a switch component integrated with at least one solar cell terminal to control the solar cell element, wherein the switch component comprises one or more MOS-based switches within the solar cell element. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the solar cell element comprises a solar cell, a solar cell array, a solar cell panel or a solar cell module. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein the solar cell element and the switch component are integrated in a semiconductor substrate. 4. The device of claim 1, wherein the integrated at least one solar cell terminal is combined with one of a source region and a drain region of the MOS-based switch component. 5. The device of claim 1, wherein the integrated at least one solar cell terminal provides an external contact. 6. The device of claim 1, wherein the one or more MOS-based switches of the switch component have a common drain region or a common source region. 7. The device of claim 1, wherein the one or more MOS-based switches comprise an LDMOS (laterally diffused metal oxide semiconductor) transistor, or a VDMOS (vertically diffused metal oxide semiconductor) transistor. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the solar cell element further comprises a battery or a capacitor. 9. A solar sensor according to the device of claim 1 comprising: a plurality of solar cell areas, wherein each solar cell area comprises at least one solar pixel based on a diffusion length of a current carrier; and a plurality of switches, wherein each switch independently addresses one solar cell area of the plurality of solar cell areas. 10. A method for forming a solar device comprising: providing a semiconductor solar cell element, wherein the solar cell element comprises a p contact diffusion region and an n contact diffusion region in a semiconductor substrate; and forming a metal oxide semiconductor (MOS)-based structure integrated with at least one of the n contact diffusion region and the p contact diffusion region in the semiconductor substrate, wherein the MOS-based structure is a switch to control the semiconductor solar cell element. 11. The method of claim 10, further comprising forming a plurality of MOS-based structures in the semiconductor substrate, wherein the plurality of MOS-based structures comprises a common drain region or a common source region. 12. The method of claim 10, wherein one of a source region and a drain region of the MOS-based structure has a combined contact with the integrated at least one of the n contact diffusion region and the p contact diffusion region of the soar cell element. 13. The method of claim 10, wherein the integrated at least one of the n contact diffusion region and the p contact diffusion region of the soar cell element has an external contact. 14. A solar sensor comprising: a plurality of solar cell areas; wherein each solar cell area comprises a solar pixel determined by a diffusion length of a current carrier; a plurality of switches, wherein each switch independently addresses one of the plurality of solar cell areas; and a component to readout an electric output from each solar cell area controlled by a corresponding independent switch. 15. The solar sensor of claim 14, wherein each switch is integrated within the independently-addressed solar cell area or discrete from the independently-addressed solar cell area. 16. The solar sensor of claim 14, wherein each switch comprises a MOS (metal oxide semiconductor) transistor comprising PMOS, NMOS, LDMOS, and VDMOS; a bipolar transistor comprising NPN, PNP or IGBJT (insulated gate bipolar transistor); a FET (field effect transistor) comprising PFET or NFET; or a mechanically operated switch from a configuration comprising SPST (single pole single throw), SPDT (single pole double throw), SOMT (single pole multiple throw), DPST (double pole single throw), DPDT (double pole double throw), and DPMT (double pole multiple throw). 17. A sensing method comprising: forming a plurality of solar cell areas, wherein each solar cell area comprises a solar pixel determined by a diffusion length of a current carrier; forming a plurality of switches, wherein each switch independently controls one solar cell area of the plurality of solar cell areas; and monitoring an electric output from each independently-controlled solar cell area. 18. The method of claim 17, further comprising integrating a MOS-based switch with a corresponding solar cell area of the plurality of solar cell areas to independently control the integrated solar cell area, wherein the MOS-based switch comprises an LDMOS (laterally diffused metal oxide semiconductor) transistor, or a VDMOS (vertically diffused metal oxide semiconductor) transistor. 19. The method of claim 17, further comprising connecting a discrete switch to a corresponding solar cell area of the plurality of solar cell areas to independently control the corresponding solar cell area, wherein the discrete switch comprises a MOS (metal oxide semiconductor) transistor comprising PMOS, NMOS, LDMOS, and VDMOS; a bipolar transistor comprising NPN, PNP or IGBJT (insulated gate bipolar transistor); a FET (field effect transistor) comprising PFET or NFET; or a mechanically operated switch from a configuration comprising SPST (single pole single throw), SPDT (single pole double throw), SOMT (single pole multiple throw), DPST (double pole single throw), DPDT (double pole double throw), and DPMT (double pole multiple throw). 20. The method of claim 17, further comprising determining a defected solar cell area or detecting a photon irradiation according to the monitored electric output. 