An apparatus for providing power to an illumination device includes power produced by a wind turbine and a solar array. The wind turbine may be a vertically oriented curved turbine and the solar array may be a single or a plurality of solar panels. The illumination device, wind turbine and solar array may be employed as a cost efficient substitute for commercially powered street lights and related devices, without any need for trenching commercial power lines or paying for commercial power.
Claims 1. An apparatus for producing and utilizing power for illumination, comprising: a wind turbine configured to be mountable to a first support structure; a second support structure configured to be connected to the first support structure; a solar array configured to be connected to the second support structure; and an illumination device mounted to the second support structure and powered by the wind turbine and the solar array. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a power storage device configured to be connected to at least one of the wind turbine, the solar array and the illumination device. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising: an electrical circuit configured to control power charging and discharging to and from the power storage device. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising the first support structure, wherein the first support structure comprises a street light post. 5. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the first support structure includes an internal compartment for storing the power storage device. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the wind turbine includes a generator configured to be driven by blades of the wind turbine and configured to provide electrical power. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the second support structure comprises a plurality of arms extending from a common location, the arms configured to support the solar array and the illumination device. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein at least a subset of the plurality of arms are curved and each of the subset of the plurality of arms having a first end and a second end, the first end proximate the first support structure, the second end proximate the illumination device, and the second end being at a common height as the wind turbine above ground. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the subset comprises at least two arms. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the illumination device comprises a light emitting diode (LED) array. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the wind turbine comprises a vertical pair of blades configured in a spiraled or curved fashion around a vertical axis. 12. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the solar array comprises a plurality of solar cells. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a power storage device configured to store power; and wiring connecting the wind turbine to the power storage device, wherein the wiring is configured to carry power from the solar panel to the power storage device, and wherein the wiring is further configured to carry power from the power storage device to the illumination device. 14. The apparatus of claim 12, further comprising a controller to control power flow carried by the wiring. 15. An apparatus for producing and utilizing power for illumination, comprising: a vertical support structure; a wind turbine mounted to one end of the vertical support structure and configured to produce electrical power from wind energy; a second support structure connected to the vertical support structure, the second support structure curving away from the vertical support structure; a solar panel mounted to the second support structure and configured to provide electrical power; and an illumination device mounted to the second support structure and powered by the solar panel and the wind turbine, wherein the wind turbine is configured to rotate about a vertical axis, and wherein the vertical support structure has a longitudinal axis that is substantially parallel with the vertical axis, and wherein the solar panel and wind turbine have a common height above ground. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the second support structure is curved substantially along the entire extent of the second support structure. 17. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the second support structure comprises a plurality of arms connected together proximate the vertical support structure and extending in a curved fashion to support the illumination device and the solar panel. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, further comprising a cross bracing that connects the plurality of arms together. 19. The apparatus of claim 15, further comprising a third support structure connected to the vertical support structure and configured to assist in supporting the solar panel and the illumination device. 20. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the solar panel comprises a plurality of solar panels, each solar panel configured at a different angle from the other. 21. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the wind turbine includes a set of blades oriented in a vertical manner and configured in a spiraled manner around a vertical axis, the apparatus further comprising: a power storage device chargeable by power received from the solar panel or the turbine, the power storage device configured to power the illumination device. 22. A method for producing and utilizing power for electrical devices, comprising the steps of: providing a wind turbine having blades oriented in a curved fashion about a vertical axis, the wind turbine configured to produce electrical power from wind energy; providing a solar array to produce electrical power from sunlight; providing a light emitting diode (LED) illumination device configured to be powered by both the electrical power produced from the wind energy and electrical power produced from the sunlight; and mounting the wind turbine and solar array to different portions of a common support structure, and mounting the LED illumination device to one of the different portions, wherein the wind turbine and solar array have a substantially common height above ground. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein the step of providing a wind turbine provides a wind turbine having a single pair of blades. 24. The method of claim 22, wherein the LED illumination device has a common height above ground with the wind turbine. 25. The method of claim 22, wherein the step of mounting mounts the solar panel and the illumination device to a same different portion, the same different portion having a curved horizontal extent. 