A solar hot water system is provided, comprising an ambient temperature sensor, a controller, a valve, a water storage tank, having an inlet and an outlet, and at least a first solar panel, having an inlet in fluid communication with the water storage tank outlet and an outlet in fluid communication with the water storage tank inlet. When the temperature sensor indicates to the controller that the ambient temperature is above a predetermined level, the controller controls the valve to direct flow from the water storage tank outlet to the solar panel inlet and from the solar panel outlet to the water storage tank inlet. When the temperature sensor indicates to the controller that the ambient temperature is below a predetermined level, the controller controls the valve to direct flow from the solar panel inlet to the valve and so to atmosphere.
Claims 1. A solar hot water system comprising: an ambient temperature sensor; a controller; a valve; a water storage tank having an inlet and an outlet; and at least a first solar panel having an inlet in fluid communication with the water storage tank outlet and an outlet in fluid communication with the water storage tank inlet, wherein, when the temperature sensor indicates to the controller that the ambient temperature is above a predetermined level, the controller controls the valve to direct flow from the water storage tank outlet to the solar panel inlet and from the solar panel outlet to the water storage tank inlet, and when the temperature sensor indicates to the controller that the ambient temperature is below a predetermined level, the controller controls the valve to direct flow from the solar panel inlet to the valve and so to atmosphere. 2. The system as claimed in claim 1, further including a pump adapted to circulate fluid between the tank and the solar panel. 3. The system as claimed in claim 2, wherein the pump has an inlet in fluid communication with the water storage tank outlet and an outlet in fluid communication with the valve. 4. The system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the valve is lower than the solar panel inlet and the flow from the solar panel inlet to the valve and so to atmosphere is under the influence of gravity. 5. The system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the system further includes a second solar panel having an inlet in fluid communication with the first solar panel outlet and an outlet in fluid communication with the water storage tank inlet. 6. The system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the valve includes a first port, a second port and a third port and is controllable to divert flow from the first port to the second port or from the second port to the third port. 7. The system as claimed in claim 6, wherein when the temperature sensor indicates to the controller that the ambient temperature is above a predetermined level, the controller controls the valve to direct flow from the valve first port to the valve second port, thereby directing water to flow from the water storage tank outlet to the solar panel inlet and from the solar panel outlet to the water storage tank inlet, and when the temperature sensor indicates to the controller that the ambient temperature is below a predetermined level, the controller preferably controls the valve to direct flow from the valve second port to the valve third port, thereby directing water to drain from the solar panel inlet to the valve third port. 8. A method of operating a solar hot water system, the system comprising a water storage tank having an outlet and an inlet, and at least a first solar panel having an inlet in fluid communication with the water storage tank outlet and an outlet in fluid communication with the water storage tank inlet, the method comprising: monitoring ambient temperature and, when the ambient temperature is above a predetermined level, directing water from the water storage tank outlet to the solar panel inlet and from the solar panel outlet to the water storage tank inlet, and when the ambient temperature is below a predetermined level, draining water from the solar panel inlet. 9. The method as claimed in claim 8, wherein the system includes: an ambient temperature sensor; a controller; and a valve including a first port, a second port and a third drain port, the valve controllable to divert flow from the first port to the second port or from the second port to the third port, and the method includes: when the temperature sensor indicates to the controller that the ambient temperature is above a predetermined level, the controller controlling the valve to direct flow from the valve first port to the valve second port, thereby driving water from the water storage outlet to the solar panel inlet and from the solar panel outlet to the water storage inlet, and when the temperature sensor indicates to the controller that the ambient temperature is below a predetermined level, the controller controlling the valve to direct flow from the valve second port to the valve third port, thereby allowing water to drain from the solar panel inlet to the valve third port. 10. A valve comprising: a valve body having a first port, a second port and a third port; a valve member, within the body, and controllable to open a first fluid communication path between the first port and the second port and a second fluid communication path between the second port and the third port, wherein the first fluid communication path closes before the second fluid communication path opens and vice versa. 11. The valve as claimed in claim 10, wherein the valve member includes a substantially spherical valve formation. 12. The valve as claimed in claim 10, wherein the valve member undergoes pivotable movement between the first fluid communication path and the second fluid communication path. 13. The valve as claimed in claim 12, wherein the valve member undergoes pivotable movement of 90.degree. or 180.degree. between the first fluid communication path and the second fluid communication path. 14. The valve as claimed in claim 10, wherein the first fluid communication path is defined by an internal passage in the valve member. 15. The valve as claimed in claim 14, wherein the internal passage is a cylindrical bore. 16. The valve as claimed in claim 14, wherein the second fluid communication path is defined by an external recess on the valve member. 17. The valve as claimed in claim 10, wherein the first and second fluid communication paths are defined by an internal passage in the valve member. 18. The valve as claimed in claim 17, wherein the internal passage is right angled. 