A substrate assembly (100) for a photovoltaic device, the assembly including an array of elongate semiconductor substrates (101), each of the elongate substrates (101) having opposite faces bounded by longitudinal edges, the elongate substrates being electrically interconnected and maintained in a longitudinally parallel arrangement by an electrically conductive material (102) disposed between the opposing longitudinal edges of adjacent ones of said elongate substrates (101) such that the opposite faces of each elongate substrate remain substantially entirely exposed.
Claims 1. A substrate assembly for a photovoltaic device, the assembly comprising an array of elongate semiconductor substrates, each of the elongate substrates having opposite faces bounded by longitudinal edges, the elongate substrates being electrically interconnected and maintained in a longitudinally parallel arrangement by an electrically conductive material disposed between the opposing longitudinal edges of adjacent ones of said elongate substrates such that the opposite faces of each elongate substrate remain substantially entirely exposed. 2. The assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein said elongate substrates include solar cells so that at least one of the opposing faces of each elongate substrate is adapted to generate electrical current when exposed to light. 3. (canceled) 4. The assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the electrically conductive material is selected for compatibility with subsequent processing to form solar cells in said elongate substrates. 5. The assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the spacing between opposing longitudinal edges of said elongate substrates is less than about 3 mm. 6. The assembly as claimed in claim 5, wherein the spacing between opposing longitudinal edges of said elongate substrates is at most about 3 .mu.m. 7. The assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the opposing longitudinal edges of said elongate substrates are in substantial abutment. 8. The assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the assembly is substantially planar. 9. The assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the assembly is curved. 10. The assembly as claimed in claim 9, wherein the assembly is conformally mounted to a curved and substantially rigid support. 11. The assembly as claimed in claim 10, wherein the curved and substantially rigid support is transparent. 12. The assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the assembly is flexible. 13. The assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the longitudinal edges of each elongate substrate include a p-type edge and an n-type edge, the electrically conductive material connecting the p-type edge to the n-type edge of an adjacent elongate substrate. 14. (canceled) 15. The assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the electrically conductive material disposed between adjacent elongate substrates extends beyond the faces of the elongate substrates to allow the assembly to be attached to a support or heat sink. 16. The assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the electrically conductive material is disposed substantially along the entirety of each longitudinal edge. 17. The assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the electrically conductive material is disposed at mutually spaced locations along the each longitudinal edge. 18. The assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein each elongate substrate includes electrical contacts on its longitudinal edges, a portion of each electrical contact extending partially over one face of the elongate substrate. 19. The assembly as claimed in claim 18, wherein the electrically conductive material disposed between longitudinal edges of adjacent ones of said elongate substrates extends over the extending portion of each electrical contact to allow the assembly to be attached to a support or heat sink. 20. The assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein each elongate substrate includes at least one electrical pathway over one face of the elongate substrate to connect an electrical contact on one longitudinal edge of the elongate substrate to an electrical contact of the same polarity on the opposite longitudinal edge of the elongate substrate, the at least one electrical pathway being electrically insulated from the face of the elongate substrate. 21. The assembly as claimed in claim 20, wherein the polarity of the connected electrical contacts is n-type. 22. The assembly as claimed in claim 1, comprising electrical pathways on one face of the assembly, the other face of the assembly being substantially entirely exposed and free of electrical connections to facilitate the generation of electrical current when said other face is exposed to light. 23. (canceled) 24. The assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein at least one of the opposing faces of each elongate substrate is entirely exposed. 25. The assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein said electrically conductive material includes comprises solder or a polymer. 26. (canceled) 27. (canceled) 28. The assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the elongate substrates are formed by a sliver process. 29. (canceled) 30. The substrate assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein said assembly comprises including a plurality of assemblies, wherein said assemblies being mutually attached and electrically interconnected by elongate connectors disposed between corresponding adjacent ones of said assemblies, each of said elongate connectors being longitudinally parallel to said assemblies and having locating portions that engage opposing faces of each adjacent elongate substrate assembly, said connectors being attached and electrically connected to said assemblies by an electrically conductive material disposed between said connectors and longitudinal edges of said elongate substrates. 31. (canceled) 32. (canceled) 33. The assembly as claimed in claim 1, comprising a bus bar connector for electrically connecting said assembly to a bus bar, said bus bar connector comprising locating portions that engage opposing faces of an outermost one of said elongate substrates, said bus bar connector being attached and electrically connected to said assemblies by an electrically conductive material disposed between said bus bar connector and a longitudinal edge of said outermost one of said elongate substrates. 34. The assembly as claimed in claim 33, wherein said bus bar connector includes a contact portion extending away from the substrate assembly attached to said bus bar connector to facilitate connection to said bus bar. 35. The assembly as claimed in claim 34, wherein the bus bar connector includes a stress relief portion defining an indirect path between said contact portion and said locating portions to accommodate thermal expansion and thereby maintain electrical connection between said assembly and said bus bar. 36. (canceled) 37. A photovoltaic device comprising a plurality of substrate assemblies as claimed in claim 1. 38. A linear concentrator receiver, comprising a plurality of substrate assemblies as claimed in claim 1, the substrate assemblies being arranged in one or more rows, each row comprising a plurality of said substrate assemblies in substantial abutment. 39. (canceled) 40. The linear concentrator receiver as claimed in claim 38, wherein the elongate substrates are electrically connected in series so that the electrical current generated by the elongate substrates flows substantially in a direction parallel to the longitudinal axis of the linear concentrator system to reduce the series resistance of the elongate substrates. 41. (canceled) 42. The linear concentrator receiver as claimed in claim 38, wherein the longitudinal edges of the substrate assemblies are orthogonal to a longitudinal axis of the linear concentrator receiver. 43. A substrate assembly process, comprising: forming a substrate assembly for a photovoltaic device by depositing an electrically conductive material between opposing longitudinal edges of adjacent elongate semiconductor substrates to electrically interconnect said elongate substrates and maintain said elongate substrates in a longitudinally parallel arrangement, the electrically conductive material being deposited such that opposing faces of each elongate substrate remain substantially entirely exposed. 44. (canceled) 45. The process as claimed in claim 43, comprising forming solar cells in said elongate substrates so that at least one of said opposing faces is adapted to generate electrical current when exposed to light. 46. The process as claimed in claim 45, wherein the electrically conductive material is selected for compatibility with subsequent processing to form said solar cells. 47. The process as claimed in claim 43, wherein the longitudinal edges of said elongate substrates are maintained in substantial abutment. 48. The process as claimed in claim 43, wherein said assembly is substantially planar. 49. The process as claimed in claim 43, wherein the assembly is curved. 50. The process as claimed in claim 43, comprising conformally mounting the assembly to a curved and substantially rigid support. 51. (canceled) 52. The process as claimed in claim 43, comprising forming an anti-reflection or reflective coating on the assembly after the electrically conductive material has been deposited. 53. (canceled) 54. The process as claimed in claim 43, comprising forming at least one electrical pathway over one face of each elongate substrate to connect an electrical contact on one longitudinal edge of the elongate substrate to an electrical contact of the same polarity on the opposite longitudinal edge of the elongate substrate. 55. The process as claimed in claim 43, comprising forming electrical connections on one face of the assembly, the other face of the assembly being substantially entirely exposed and free of electrical connections to facilitate the generation of electrical current when said other face is exposed to light. 56. The process as claimed in claim 55, comprising mounting the assembly on a support having a surface with recessed regions therein, the electrical connections on the face of the assembly being received in said recessed regions. 57. The process as claimed in claim 43, wherein said electrically conductive material is a polymer so that the substrate assembly is flexible. 58. The process as claimed in claim 43, wherein the electrically conductive material is deposited by a solder wave process. 59. The process as claimed in claim 43, comprising attaching elongate connectors between corresponding adjacent ones of a plurality of substrate assemblies formed by the process as claimed in claim 43, each of said elongate connectors being attached longitudinally parallel to said assemblies and having locating portions that engage opposing faces of each adjacent elongate substrate assembly; and introducing an electrically conductive material between said connectors and longitudinal edges of said elongate substrates to mechanically and electrically interconnect said assemblies. 60. The process as claimed in claim 59, wherein the electrically conductive material is introduced between said connectors and said longitudinal edges of said elongate substrates using a contact-less soldering process. 61. The process as claimed in claim 43, comprising attaching a bus bar connector to a substrate assembly formed by the process as claimed in claim 43 to electrically connect said assembly to a bus bar, said bus bar connector comprising locating portions that engage opposing faces of an outermost one of said elongate substrates; and introducing an electrically conductive material between said bus bar connector and a longitudinal edge of said elongate substrate to mechanically and electrically interconnect said assembly to said bus bar connector. 62. The process as claimed in claim 61, wherein the electrically conductive material is introduced between said bus bar connector and said longitudinal edge of said elongate substrate using a contact-less soldering process. 63. The process as claimed in claim 43, comprising forming one or more rows of substrate assemblies formed by the process as claimed in claim 43, each row comprising a plurality of said substrate assemblies in substantial abutment; and mounting said one or more rows in a linear concentrator receiver so that the longitudinal edges of the substrate assemblies are orthogonal to a longitudinal axis of the linear concentrator receiver. 64. The process as claimed in claim 63, wherein a plurality of rows of said assemblies are mounted in said linear concentrator receiver, and the process includes electrically interconnecting at least some of the rows in parallel. 65. (canceled) 66. A substrate assembly produced by a process as claimed in claim 43. 67. A linear concentrator receiver produced by a process as claimed in a claim 63. 68. A substrate assembly apparatus having components for executing the steps of claim 43. 69. The substrate assembly apparatus as claimed in claim 68, comprising: a storage apparatus comprising a plurality of mutually spaced storage receptacles for storing respective stacks of elongate substrates, each of the elongate substrates having opposite faces bounded by longitudinal edges, the spacing between the elongate substrate storage receptacles being a multiple of a desired spacing of elongate substrates in a substrate assembly to be assembled from the stored elongate substrates; and a substrate transfer apparatus having mutually spaced engagement means for simultaneously engaging respective outermost ones of elongate substrates in said stacks, the spacing between the engagement means being substantially equal to the spacing between the storage receptacles, the transfer apparatus comprising translation means for repeatedly translating said engagement means between said storage receptacles and an assembly location to allow successive outermost ones of said elongate substrates to be moved from said storage receptacles to interleaved locations; and applicator means for applying an electrically conductive material between opposing longitudinal edges of adjacent ones of said elongate substrates to electrically and mechanically interconnect said opposing longitudinal edges and thereby form a substrate assembly wherein the elongate substrates are electrically interconnected and maintained in a longitudinally parallel arrangement by said electrically conductive material such that the opposite faces of each elongate substrate remain substantially entirely exposed. 70. The substrate assembly apparatus as claimed in claim 68 for solar cell assembly, comprising: a storage apparatus comprising a plurality of storage receptacles for storing respective mutually spaced stacks of elongate solar cells; a substrate transfer apparatus having a plurality of engagement means for simultaneously engaging elongate solar cells stored in respective ones of said stacks, the spacing between the engagement means being substantially equal to the spacing between the stacks of elongate solar cells, the substrate transfer apparatus comprising translation means for translating said engagement means to allow the engaged elongate solar cells to be removed from said storage receptacles for testing; and evaluation means for substantially simultaneously evaluating the electrical performance of each elongate solar cell engaged by said substrate transfer apparatus; wherein the categorisation apparatus is adapted to store each of the engaged elongate solar cells in a selected one of a plurality of categorised storage receptacles based on the electrical performance of the elongate solar cell. 71. A solar cell assembly process, comprising: simultaneously engaging a plurality of elongate solar cells; substantially simultaneously evaluating the electrical performance of the engaged elongate solar cells; and storing each of the evaluated solar cells in a selected one of a plurality of categorised storage receptacles based on the electrical performance of the elongate solar cell. 