A elongated rectangular kiosk with a floor-engaging portion is equipped with a handle and wheels adjacent a rear surface to facilitate is mobility. A sink-like region has a faucet-like dispenser from which waterless sanitizer is dispensed in response to a motion sensor. Electrical power is provided by a lithium storage battery which is recharged by a solar panel. A wireless receiver/transmitter communicates with a remote base computer to control and monitor the operation of the kiosk.
Claims 1. A hand-sanitizing kiosk comprising a) a vertical support structure including a floor-engaging portion and a station from which a waterless cleanser is dispensed; b) a dispenser for delivering a quantity of waterless hand cleanser to said station. 2. The hand-sanitizing kiosk of claim 1 wherein said station comprises a recess positioned waist high, said recess resembling a sink with a faucet. 3. The hand-sanitizing kiosk of claim 2 wherein said dispenser including a container for said waterless cleanser, a pump for delivering said waterless cleanser from said container to said faucet in said recess, and a storage battery for powering said pump. 4. The hand-sanitizing kiosk of claim 1 further comprising support means beneath said floor engaging portion for facilitating movement of said portable hand-sanitizing kiosk. 5. The hand-sanitizing kiosk of claim 4 wherein said support means comprises a plurality of wheels. 6. The hand-sanitizing kiosk of claim 5 wherein at least a portion of said plurality of wheels are positioned adjacent a rear edge of said floor engaging portion. 7. The hand-sanitizing kiosk of claim 6 further comprising a handle situated at a top rear portion above said at least a portion of said plurality of wheels enabling said portable hand-sanitizing kiosk to be rocked backward onto said at least a portion of said plurality of wheels hand-dolly style for transport. 8. The hand-sanitizing kiosk of claim 1 further comprising a solar collector for recharging said storage battery. 9. The hand-sanitizing kiosk of claim 1 further comprising a faucet in said recess from which said waterless cleanser is dispensed. 10. The hand-sanitizing kiosk of claim 9 further comprising a motion sensor associated with said faucet, said motion sensor activating said pump to deliver a measured quantity of said waterless cleanser through said faucet. 11. The hand-sanitizing kiosk of claim 10 further comprising sensors for gathering data by monitoring a) levels of said waterless cleanser in said container; b) power levels in said storage battery; c) regulatory compliance information relating to time and number of activations of said motion sensor; d) location of said portable hand-sanitizing kiosk. 12. The hand-sanitizing kiosk of claim 11 further comprising wireless transmission means to transmit said data to a computer server. 13. The hand-sanitizing kiosk of claim 12 further comprising wireless receiving means enabling the computer server to remotely adjust operation of said portable hand-sanitizing kiosk. 14. The hand-sanitizing kiosk of claim 1 further comprising substantially flat regions located on exterior surface portions of said rectangular body to mount graphic displays. 15. The hand-sanitizing kiosk of claim 14 wherein said graphic displays are selected from a group consisting of a) regulatory-compliant tutorials on the use of said kiosk; b) advertising; c) informational blurbs. 16. The portable hand-sanitizing kiosk of claim 14 wherein said graphic displays are presented on a LCD. 17. A portable hand-sanitizing kiosk comprising a) an elongated rectangular body, said body including a floor engaging portion and a waist-high recess resembling a sink; b) a dispenser for delivering a quantity of waterless hand cleanser, said dispenser including a container for said waterless cleanser, a pump for delivering said waterless cleanser from said container to said recess, and a battery for powering said pump; c) substantially flat regions located on exterior surface portions of said rectangular body to mount graphic displays. 18. The portable hand-sanitizing kiosk of claim 17 wherein said graphic displays are selected from a group consisting of a) regulatory-compliant tutorials on the use of said kiosk; b) advertising; c) informational blurbs. 19. The portable hand-sanitizing kiosk of claim 17 wherein said graphic displays are presented on a computer screen. 20. The portable hand-sanitizing kiosk of claim 17 further comprising a plurality of wheels mounted adjacent a lower rear edge of said floor-engaging portion to facilitate transport of said portable hand-sanitizing kiosk. 21. The portable hand-sanitizing kiosk of claim 20 further comprising a handle situated at a top rear portion above said plurality of wheels enabling said portable hand-sanitizing kiosk to be rocked backward onto said plurality of wheels hand-dolly style for transport. 22. The portable hand-sanitizing kiosk of claim 17 further comprising sensors for gathering data by monitoring a) levels of said waterless cleanser in said container; b) power levels in said storage battery; c) regulatory compliance information relating to time and number of activations of said motion sensor; d) location of said portable hand-sanitizing kiosk. 23. The portable hand-sanitizing kiosk of claim 17 further comprising wireless transmission means to transmit said data to a computer server and wireless receiving means enabling the computer server to remotely adjust operation of said portable hand-sanitizing kiosk. 