A power supply system including a first power supply, a second power supply, a switch board, a relay device, and a control device is provided. The switch board is electrically connected to the first power supply, and the relay device is electrically connected to the switch board. The relay device includes a first solid state relay and a second solid state relay, which are electrically connected to the first power supply and the second power supply respectively. The control device includes a control unit and a first power line communication unit (PLC unit), in which the control unit is electrically connected to the second power supply, and the first PLC unit is electrically connected between the relay device and the second power supply, and the first PLC unit is electrically connected to the control unit.
Claims 1. A power supply system, comprising: a first power supply; a second power supply; and a switch board, electrically connected to the first power supply; and a relay device, electrically connected to the switch board, wherein the relay device comprises: a first solid state relay, electrically connected to the first power supply; and a second solid state relay, electrically connected to the second power supply; and a control device, comprising: a control unit, electrically connected to the second power supply; and a first power line communication unit (PLC unit), electrically connected between the relay device and the second power supply and electrically connected to the control unit. 2. The power supply system according to claim 1, wherein the second power supply comprises: a solar panel; and a rectifier, electrically connected to the solar panel, the second solid state relay, and the first PLC unit. 3. The power supply system according to claim 2, wherein the second power supply further comprises a battery electrically connected to the rectifier. 4. The power supply system according to claim 1, wherein the switch board comprises: a plurality of first control switches, electrically connected to the first power supply; and a plurality of second control switches, electrically connected to the relay device. 5. The power supply system according to claim 1, further comprising a monitoring center electrically connected to the control unit. 6. The power supply system according to claim 1, wherein the control device further comprises an independent power supply electrically connected to the control unit. 7. A wireless communication system, comprising: a power supply sub-system, comprising: a first power supply; a second power supply; and a switch board, electrically connected to the first power supply; and a relay device, electrically connected to the switch board, wherein the relay device comprises: a first solid state relay, electrically connected to the first power supply; and a second solid state relay, electrically connected to the second power supply; and a control device, comprising: a control unit, electrically connected to the second power supply; a first power line communication unit (PLC unit), electrically connected between the relay device and the second power supply, and electrically connected to the control unit; and a wireless communication network sub-system, comprising: a host, electrically connected to the control unit; and a plurality of nodes, connected to the host. 8. The wireless communication system according to claim 7, further comprising a plurality of illumination devices, connected to the switch board, wherein the nodes are configured at the illumination devices. 9. The wireless communication system according to claim 7, wherein the wireless communication network sub-system is a mesh network system. 10. The wireless communication system according to claim 9, wherein the wireless communication network sub-system is an IEEE 802.15.4 ZigBee wireless communication system, an IEEE 802.15.4 ZigBee Pro wireless communication system or a Z-Wave wireless communication system. 11. The wireless communication system according to claim 7, wherein the second power supply comprises a solar panel and a rectifier electrically connected to the solar panel, and the second solid state relay and the first PLC unit are electrically connected to the rectifier. 12. The wireless communication system according to claim 11, wherein the second power supply further comprises a battery, electrically connected to the solar panel and the rectifier. 13. The wireless communication system according to claim 7, wherein the switch board comprises a plurality of first control switches and a plurality of second control switches electrically connected to the first power supply and the relay device respectively. 14. The wireless communication system according to claim 7, further comprising a monitoring center electrically connected to the control unit. 15. The wireless communication system according to claim 7, wherein the control device further comprises an independent power supply electrically connected to the control unit. 16. An illumination system, comprising: a power supply sub-system, comprising: a first power supply; a second power supply; and a switch board, electrically connected to the first power supply; and a relay device, electrically connected to the switch board, wherein the relay device comprises: a first solid state relay, electrically connected to the first power supply; and a second solid state relay, electrically connected to the second power supply; and a control device, comprising: a control unit, electrically connected to the second power supply; a first power line communication unit (PLC unit), electrically connected between the relay device and the second power supply, and electrically connected to the control unit; and a plurality of illumination devices, electrically connected to the switch board. 17. The illumination system according to claim 16, wherein the illumination devices comprise a light emitting diode (LED) light source. 18. The illumination system according to claim 16, wherein the switch board comprises a plurality of first control switches and a plurality of second control switches electrically connected to the first power supply and the relay device respectively. 19. The illumination system according to claim 18, wherein the illumination devices are electrically connected to the second control switches. 20. The illumination system according to claim 16, wherein the second power supply comprises a solar panel and a rectifier electrically connected to the solar panel, and the second solid state relay and the first PLC unit are electrically connected to the rectifier. 21. The illumination system according to claim 20, wherein the second power supply further comprises a battery electrically connected to the solar panel and the rectifier. 22. The illumination system according to claim 16, further comprising a wireless communication network sub-system, and the wireless communication network sub-system comprising: a host, electrically connected to the control unit; a plurality of nodes, configured on the illumination devices and connected to the host. 23. The illumination system according to claim 22, wherein the wireless communication network sub-system is a mesh network system. 24. The illumination system according to claim 23, wherein the wireless communication network sub-system is an IEEE 802.15.4 ZigBee wireless communication system, an IEEE 802.15.4 ZigBee Pro wireless communication system or a Z-Wave wireless communication system. 25. The illumination system according to claim 8, wherein the control device further comprises an independent power supply electrically connected the control unit. 