A mounting and attachment system, which can easily mount a continuous snow rail for snow protection above the seams of a metal roof and also attach lower members or snow flags which are located between the seams to stop the snow from sliding under the height of the seam. This system reduces the requirement for holes and threaded holes to be drilled into the mounting block, saving manufacturing time and money. The mounting block is configured so that there is a slot which runs through the mounting block to fit over a raised seam. This slot can have parallel walls or can be shaped to match the form of a particular seam. This block will also have slots or linear indentations on the sides or ends of the block in a direction perpendicular or parallel to the slot for the seam. A second piece of the assembly is a snow rail long enough to connect two or more of the seam-mounted blocks together. Finally, a top rail may be secured to be positioned parallel to said seam and be mounted on two or more seam mounted blocks.
Claims 1. A snow brake and mounting system for metal roofs with parallel raised metal seams, said system having: a first mounting block attached to a first raised metal seam, a second mounting block attached to a second raised metal seam located in a spaced relationship to said first seam, a snow rail with one portion connected to said first mounting block and another portion connected to said second mounting block, the improvement wherein: said first and second mounting blocks comprise: a base with bottom and top surfaces, the base having a longitudinally extending body with first and second longitudinal end surfaces, a seam-receiving groove extending upward from the bottom surface toward the top surface and terminating at a location spaced from said top surface, said groove extending through the first and second end surfaces, said groove receiving a respective raised metal seam, said groove dividing said base into first and second opposite side portions connected at the top, said first side portion having at least one hole extending transversely through said first side portion for receiving a set screw, said second side portion being shaped to interlock with said raised metal seam to secure said mounting block to said raised metal seam when said set screw is tightened against said seam, said first and second longitudinal end surfaces defining respective grooves, said grooves being positioned perpendicular to said seam receiving groove and positioned above the top of said raised seam, said snow rail further comprises a longitudinal groove that is configured to interlock with said grooves on said first and second end surfaces of said base to connect said snow rail to said first and second mounting blocks, and means on said system for mounting another device. 2. The snow brake and mounting system of claim 1, wherein said grooves in said first and second end surfaces define a T-shaped cross section in said base when viewed along said longitudinal axis. 3. The snow brake and mounting system of claim 1, wherein said longitudinal groove on said snow rail defines a C-shaped cross-section in said snow rail when viewed along said longitudinal direction. 4. The snow brake and mounting system of claim 3, wherein said T-shaped cross section in said base is interlocked with said C-shaped cross section in said snow rail. 5. The snow brake and mounting system of claim 1, wherein a snow flag element is mounted on a portion of said snow rail, said snow flag extending below the top of and between adjacent raised metal seams. 6. The snow brake and mounting system of claim 5, wherein said snow flag has a T-shaped cross section when viewed along its longitudinal axis, and said T-shaped cross section is interlocked with a C-shaped cross section in said snow rail. 7. The snow brake and mounting system of claim 4 or 5 wherein said snow rail and said snow flag are made of extruded metal and said means for mounting other devices is defined by an opening through said snow rail or said snow flag, or both. 8. The snow brake and mounting system of claim 1 or 3 wherein said snow rail has a generally L-shaped cross section and the leg of the L defines a C-shaped cross section when said snow rail is viewed along said longitudinal direction. 9. The snow brake and mounting system of claim 6, wherein the vertical portion of the T-shaped cross section of said snow flag extends downwardly from the bottom of said snow rail and said snow flag has a length that substantially extends along the entire distance between adjacent raised metal seams. 10. The snow brake and mounting system of claim 1, wherein said system has a snow rail of a length to extend across many raised metal seams in said metal roof. 11. A system for mounting a solar panel on metal roofs having parallel raised metal seams, said system having: a first mounting block attached to a first raised metal seam, a second mounting block attached to a second raised metal seam located in a spaced relationship to said first seam, a rail with one portion connected to said first mounting block and another portion connected to said second mounting block, the improvement wherein: said first and second mounting blocks comprise: a base with bottom and top surfaces, the base having a longitudinally extending body with first and second longitudinal end surfaces, a seam-receiving groove extending upward from the bottom surface toward the top surface and terminating at a location spaced from said top surface, said groove extending through the first and second end surfaces, said groove receiving a respective raised metal seam, said groove dividing said base into first and second opposite side portions connected at the top, said first side portion having at least one hole extending transversely through said first side portion for receiving a set screw, said second side portion being shaped to interlock with said raised metal seam to secure said mounting block to said raised metal seam when said set screw is tightened against said seam, said first and second longitudinal end surfaces defining respective grooves, said grooves being positioned perpendicular to said seam receiving groove and positioned above the top of said raised seam, said first and second side surfaces defining respective grooves, said grooves being positioned parallel to said seam receiving groove, said rail further comprises a longitudinal groove that is configured to interlock with said grooves on said first and second end surfaces or said grooves on said first and second side surfaces of said base to connect said rail to said first and second mounting blocks, means connected to said system for mounting other devices, and said solar panel connected to said means for mounting. 12. The method of assembling the snow brake and mounting system defined in claim 1, comprising the steps of securing a plurality of mounting blocks to respective raised metal seams of said metal roof, said blocks being aligned along a common axis that runs perpendicular to said raised seams, sliding the longitudinal groove of said snow rail onto the top of a first mounting block whereby said groove interlocks with said grooves on said first mounting block, and further sliding said snow rail onto the top of additional mounting blocks until said snow rail is interconnected to said plurality of mounting blocks. 13. The method of assembling the snow brake and mounting system defined in claim 5, comprising the steps of a. securing a plurality of mounting blocks to respective raised metal seams of said metal roof, said blocks being aligned along a common axis that runs perpendicular to said raised seams, b. sliding the longitudinal groove of said snow rail onto the top of a first mounting block whereby said groove interlocks with said grooves in said first mounting block, c. sliding the longitudinal groove of said snow rail onto a portion of a snow flag which is positioned to extend between said first mounting block and a second mounting block, d. thereafter sliding said snow rail onto the top of said adjacent mounting block, thereafter repeating steps c. and d. for additional mounting blocks, whereby the assembly includes a plurality of mounting blocks, a plurality of snow flags and said snow rail, and e. thereafter attaching another device to said system by said means on said system for mounting other devices. 14. The method of claim 13 wherein said other device is a solar panel. 