A photovoltaic electrochromic device and a method of manufacturing the same are provided. According to the method, a plurality of thin-film solar cells are formed on a transparent substrate, wherein each of the thin-film solar cells at least includes an anode, a photoelectric conversion layer, and a cathode, and a portion of a surface of the anode is exposed from each of the thin film solar cells. An electrochromic thin film is then deposited on at least one surface of the cathode and the exposed surface of the anode. Thereafter, an electrolyte layer is formed on surfaces of the thin-film solar cells to cover the electrochromic thin films. The anodes and the cathodes of the thin-film solar cells also serve as the anodes and the cathodes of the photovoltaic electrochromic device.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic electrochromic device, at least comprising: a transparent substrate; a plurality of thin-film solar cells formed on the transparent substrate, wherein each of the thin-film solar cells at least comprises an anode, a photoelectric conversion layer, and a cathode, and a portion of a surface of the anode is exposed from each of the thin film solar cells; a plurality of electrochromic thin films respectively disposed on at least one surface of the cathode and the exposed surface of the anode of each thin-film solar cell; and an electrolyte layer covering the electrochromic thin films, wherein the anode and the cathode of each of the thin-film solar cells also serve as an anode and a cathode of the photovoltaic electrochromic device. 2. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, wherein a composition of the electrochromic thin films comprises a polymer formed by electropolymerization of aniline monomer, EDOT monomer, or viologen monomer. 3. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, wherein a material of the electrochromic thin films comprises a transition metal oxide and Prussian blue. 4. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 3, wherein the transition metal oxide is selected from a group consisting of WO.sub.3, MoO.sub.3, V.sub.2O.sub.5, Nb.sub.2O.sub.5, NiO, SnO, Fe.sub.2O.sub.3, CoO, Ir.sub.2O.sub.3, Rh.sub.2O.sub.3, and MnO.sub.2. 5. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the thin-film solar cells comprise silicon thin-film solar cells, CIGS thin-film solar cells, or CdTe thin-film solar cells. 6. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 5, wherein the silicon thin-film solar cells comprise a-Si thin-film solar cells, a-Si/mc-Si tandem thin-film solar cells, a-Si/a-Si tandem thin-film solar cells or multi junction a-Si thin film solar cells. 7. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 5, wherein the thin-film solar cells are connected in series; and the anode of one of the thin-film solar cells is electrically connected to the cathode of another thin-film solar cell. 8. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 7, wherein the anode is exposed between the cathodes, and a shading area of the electrochromic thin film is determined by a width of an interval between the cathodes. 9. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 5, wherein the thin-film solar cells further comprise a passivation layer disposed on a sidewall of the photoelectric conversion layer of each of the thin-film solar cells. 10. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the electrolyte layer comprises solid electrolyte or liquid electrolyte. 11. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 10, wherein the liquid electrolyte comprises an alkali metal salt and a solvent. 12. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 10, wherein the solid electrolyte comprises an alkali metal, a solvent and a polymer. 13. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 12, wherein the polymer comprises Poly(ethylene oxide), Poly(propylene oxide), Poly(vinyl butyral), or Poly(methyl methacrylate) or the mixture thereof. 14. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the transparent substrate comprises a glass, plastic or flexible substrate. 15. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a transparent non-conductive substrate covering the electrolyte layer. 16. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 15, further comprising a reflective film disposed on a surface of the transparent non-conductive substrate to form a mirror. 17. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a DC/AC inverter to convert current generated by the thin-film solar cells into electric utilities. 18. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a DC charge storage device to store the current generated by the thin-film solar cells. 19. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a thin-film transistor connected to the anode and the cathode of each of the thin-film solar cells to control a switch between each of the thin-film solar cells and an exterior circuit. 20. A method of manufacturing a photovoltaic electrochromic device, the method comprising: forming a plurality of thin-film solar cells on a transparent substrate, wherein each of the thin-film solar cells comprises at least an anode, a photoelectric conversion layer, and a cathode, and a portion of a surface of the anode is exposed from each of the thin film solar cells; depositing an electrochromic thin film on at least one surface of the cathode and the exposed surface of the anode; and forming an electrolyte layer on surfaces of the thin-film solar cells to cover the electrochromic thin films, wherein the anode and the cathode of each of the thin-film solar cells also serve as the anode and the cathode of the photovoltaic electrochromic device. 21. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 20, wherein a method of depositing the electrochromic thin film comprises: disposing an electroplating solution to be in contact with the anode and the cathode of each of the thin-film solar cells; illuminating the thin-film solar cells to generate current, which causes redox reaction in the electroplating solution to form the electrochromic thin film on at least one surface of the anode and the cathode; and removing the electroplating solution. 22. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 21, wherein a composition of the electrochromic thin film comprises a high molecular polymer formed by electropolymerization of aniline monomer, EDOT monomer or viologen monomer; or electroplating of ferric-ferrocyanide chromophore or nickel oxyhydroxide or WO.sub.3 thin film. 23. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 21, wherein the electroplating solution comprises aniline monomer, EDOT monomer, or viologen monomer; ferric-ferrocyanide chromophore; or nickel oxyhydroxide or peroxytungstate electroplating solution. 24. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 20, wherein the method of depositing the electrochromic thin film comprises electron beam evaporation, ion-assisted coating, reactive and non-reactive sputtering, or thermal evaporation. 25. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 24, wherein a material of the electrochromic thin film comprises a transition metal oxide. 26. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 25, wherein the transition metal oxide is selected from a group consisting of WO.sub.3, MoO.sub.3, V.sub.2O.sub.5, Nb.sub.2O.sub.5, NiO, SnO, Fe.sub.2O.sub.3, CoO, Ir.sub.2O.sub.3, Rh.sub.2O.sub.3, and MnO.sub.2. 27. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 20, wherein the thin-film solar cells comprise silicon thin-film solar cells, CIGS thin-film solar cells, or CdTe thin-film solar cells. 28. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 27, wherein a process of forming the thin-film solar cells on the transparent substrate further comprises forming a passivation layer on a sidewall of the photoelectric conversion layer of the thin-film solar cell. 29. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 20, wherein the electrolyte layer comprises solid electrolyte or liquid electrolyte. 30. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 29, wherein the step of forming the electrolyte layer comprises electrolytic depositing the solid electrolyte on the surfaces of the thin-film solar cells. 31. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 29, wherein the step of forming the electrolyte layer comprises successively vacuum depositing the solid electrolyte on the surface of the thin-film solar cells. 32. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 29, wherein the liquid electrolyte comprises an alkali metal salt and a solvent. 33. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 32, wherein the alkali metal salt comprises lithium triflate, lithium perchlorate, or tetra alkyl ammonium salt. 34. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 32, wherein the solvent comprises propylene carbonate, dipropyl carbonate, glycol carbonate, .gamma.-butyrolactone, acetonitrile, tetrahydrofuran, or N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone. 35. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 29, wherein the solid electrolyte comprises an alkali metal salt, a solvent and a polymer. 36. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 35, wherein the polymer comprises Poly(ethylene oxide), Poly(propylene oxide), Poly(vinyl butyral), or Poly(methyl methacrylate) or the mixture thereof. 37. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 20, further comprising disposing a transparent non-conductive substrate to cover the electrolyte layer after forming the electrolyte layer. 38. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 37, further comprising bonding the transparent substrate, the electrolyte layer, and the transparent non-conductive layer with a laminator or an autoclave after forming the electrolyte layer. 39. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 37, further comprising forming a reflective film on a surface of the transparent non-conductive substrate to form a mirror before disposing the transparent non-conductive substrate to cover the electrolyte layer. 