Methods, apparatus and kits for installing window film sheet structures over transparent panels or the like are provided. The methods, apparatus and kits include frame assemblies in combination with the window films that are easily installed in a do-it-yourself environment so as to avoid damage to the window films.
Claims 1. A method of installing a film sheet structure in spaced apart relationship to a transparent panel, the method comprises: providing a frame that includes a plurality of frame elements for defining a frame opening; providing a film sheet structure that is sized to cover the frame opening; adhesively securing one side of each of the frame elements to the transparent panel; and adhesively securing another side of each of the frame elements to the film sheet structure so that the film sheet structure is in spaced apart and thermal insulating relationship to the transparent panel. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the providing a film sheet structure is performed by preliminarily generating a mounting tool by cutting a blank sheet to generally match the size and shape of the transparent panel; joining mutually opposing major surfaces of the film sheet structure to the mounting tool so that both are in a generally juxtaposed and coextensive relationship with each other; cutting the film sheet structure so that its shape and size generally conforms to that of the mounting tool; and delaminating the shaped and sized film sheet structure from the working tool. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the joining uses pressure-sensitive adhesive portions. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the delaminating is performed by peeling the pressure-sensitive adhesively secured working tool and film sheet structure. 5. An assembly comprising: a transparent panel; a frame that includes a plurality of frame elements for defining a frame opening, one side of each of the frame elements adhesively secured to the transparent panel; and a film sheet structure sized to cover the frame opening, the film sheet structure adhesively secured to another side of each of the frame elements such that the film sheet structure is in spaced apart and thermal insulating relationship to the transparent panel. 6. The assembly of claim 5, wherein the one side of each of the frame elements is adhesively secured to the transparent panel using pressure sensitive adhesive portions. 7. The assembly of claim 5, wherein the another side of each of the frame elements is adhesively secured to the film sheet structure using pressure sensitive adhesive portions. 8. The assembly of claim 5, wherein the film sheet structure includes non-adhesive exterior major surfaces. 9. The assembly of claim 5, wherein the film sheet structure is selected from a group that comprises solar window film, privacy window film, anti-graffiti window film, security window film, graphic design window film, frosted finish window film, and any combination thereof. 10. The assembly of claim 5, wherein the film sheet structure has a thickness of about 2 mil to about 10 mil. 11. The assembly of claim 5, wherein the transparent panel is a window. 12. A kit comprising: a plurality of frame elements for defining a frame opening; a film sheet structure; and a plurality of adhesive portions attachable for adhesively securing the frame elements to the window, and for adhesively securing the window film sheet structure to the frame elements. 13. The kit of claim 12, wherein the adhesive portions comprise pressure sensitive adhesive portions. 