An in-vivo dose detector (41) for an HDR brachytherapy system (1; 31), wherein the detector is insertable into and movable through a catheter (15), and comprises a sensor (53) operable to detect radiation from a source (52) used to irradiate a tissue to be treated (9) in the course of an HDR brachytherapy treatment. A brachytherapy system and a method of dose monitoring are also disclosed.
Claims 1. An in-vivo dose detector for an HDR brachytherapy system, wherein the detector is insertable into and movable through a catheter, and comprises a sensor operable to detect radiation from a source used to irradiate a tissue to be treated in the course of an HDR brachytherapy treatment. 2. A detector according to claim 1, wherein the sensor comprises a semiconductor diode configured to operate in a photovoltaic mode without an applied voltage bias, or with an applied bias. 3. A detector according to claim 1, wherein the sensor comprises a MOSFET, preferably a MOSFET specifically designed to be responsive to radiation. 4. A detector according to claim 1, wherein the sensor comprises a two terminal sensing device that is responsive to radiation. 5. A detector according to claim 1 wherein the sensor is coupled by a pair of wires to a set of contacts that can be connected to an electrometer, the wires being encapsulated within a flexible sheath. 6. A detector according to claim 5, wherein the sheath includes one or more locating rings that enable the position of the detector to be accurately determined. 7. (canceled) 8. (canceled) 9. (canceled) 10. (canceled) 11. (canceled) 12. (canceled) 13. (canceled) 14. An intracavitary probe for an HDR brachytherapy system, the probe comprising: a holder having a plurality of smaller bores into each of which a catheter may be inserted and a further larger bore into which a detector array may be inserted, the probe being configured to hold said catheters and said detector array in a predetermined positional relationship to one another. 15. A probe according to claim 14, wherein said smaller bores are all generally equidistant from said larger bore. 16. A probe according to claim 15, wherein said smaller bores are equally angularly located about said larger bore. 17. A probe according to claim 14, wherein at least one of said smaller bores is configured to be capable of receiving a detector according to claim 1. 18. A probe according to claim 14, further comprising a jacket into which the holder is inserted, the jacket being expandable to provide a space between the jacket and a peripheral surface of the holder. 19. A probe according to claim 18, wherein the jacket is expandable to enable a detector according to claim 1 to be inserted into said space. 20. A probe according to claim 18, wherein said jacket is configured to provide a plurality of independently expandable chambers. 21. (canceled) 22. A probe according to claim 20, wherein one or more of said chambers is configured to be expandable by injecting a liquid into said one or more chambers, said liquid comprising a radiation attenuating liquid. 23. An HDR brachytherapy system comprising: a first catheter insertable into a tissue to be treated, and through which a radioactive source can be moved by an afterloader to irradiate the tissue at one or more dwell positions set out in a treatment plan; an in vivo dose detector according to claim 1; a second catheter insertable into the tissue to be treated, and through which said dose detector may be moved to a detection position within said tissue to be treated; and means for measuring radiation detected by the detector when the detector is in said detection position and said source is in said one or more dwell positions. 24. An HDR brachytherapy system comprising: an intracavitary probe according to claim 14; a catheter inserted into one of said smaller bores, and through which a radioactive source can be moved by an afterloader to irradiate tissue at one or more dwell positions set out in a treatment plan; a detector provided in said larger bore; and means for measuring radiation detected by the detector when the source is in said one or more dwell positions. 25. A system according to claim 24, wherein said detector comprises a detector array having a plurality of sensors. 26. (canceled) 27. A system according to claim 23, comprising means for determining from said treatment plan a planned dose for each said dwell position. 28. A system according to claim 27, wherein said determining means is operable to determine from said treatment plan an integrated planned dose for all positions to which said source has been moved. 29. A system according to claim 27, comprising a comparator operable to compare a measured radiation dose to a planned radiation dose for a given dwell position, and to output a signal indicative of said comparison. 30. A system according to claim 28, wherein said measuring means is operable to measure determine an integrated measured dose for all positions to which said source has been moved, the system comprising a comparator operable to compare an integrated measured dose to an integrated planned dose, and to output a signal indicative of said comparison. 31. A system according to claim 29, comprising a reporting system for receiving and storing said signal output by said comparator. 32. A system according to claim 31, wherein said reporting system is configured to receive patient alert criteria and activate an emergency procedure in the event that the signal output by the comparator should conflict with said patient alert criteria. 33. A method of in vivo dose monitoring in HDR brachytherapy, the method comprising: inserting a first catheter into a tissue to be treated, inserting a second catheter into the tissue to be treated, inserting a detector according to any of claims 1 to 13 into said second catheter and moving said detector to a detection position within said tissue to be treated; inserting a radioactive source into said first catheter and moving said source to one or more dwell positions defined in a treatment plan; and measuring, using said detector, the radiation emitted by said source at said one or more dwell positions. 34. A method of in vivo dose monitoring in HDR brachytherapy, the method comprising: inserting a catheter and a detector into a holder of an intracavitary HDR probe, inserting the holder into a patient's cavity, inserting a radioactive source into said catheter and moving said source to one or more dwell positions defined in a treatment plan, and measuring, using said detector, the radiation emitted by said source at said one or more dwell positions. 35. A detector array configured and arranged to be inserted into a bore in an intracavitary probe for an HDR brachytherapy system, the array comprising a plurality of linearly arranged sensor components each coupled to a respective output, the outputs being couplable to means for measuring radiation detected by the sensors. 