An antitheft and monitoring system for a plurality of photovoltaic panels, wherein the panels are connected by means of a connection line to a distribution substation. The monitoring system comprises a first unit associated to the distribution substation, wherein the first unit is designed to generate activation codes, and a plurality of second units associated to the panels, wherein each of the second units is designed to inhibit operation of the respective panel in the absence of the activation code for a pre-set period. Furthermore, each second unit is selectively activatable via a unique activation code generated by the first unit. The antitheft and monitoring system is moreover configured to activate an individual panel selectively by sending onto the connection line the corresponding unique activation code and detecting, via a measuring device, the characteristics of voltage and current of the individual active panel.
Claims 1. An antitheft and monitoring system for a plurality of photovoltaic panels, wherein the panels are connected by means of a connection line to a distribution substation, the monitoring system comprising a first unit associated to the distribution substation, wherein said first unit is designed to generate activation codes, and a plurality of second units associated to the panels, wherein each of said second units is designed to inhibit operation of the respective panel in the absence of the activation code for a pre-set period, wherein each of the second units is selectively activatable via a unique activation code generated by said first unit. 2. The antitheft and monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein said first unit comprises a generator of activation codes, which generates a plurality of different activation codes and sends them with a pre-set cadence onto the connection line. 3. The antitheft and monitoring system according to claim 2, wherein each of said second units comprises: a memory element, designed to store inside it a unique activation code of the respective panel; a counter, designed to count the wait time of the aforesaid unique activation code; a logic unit, designed to process the activation code present on the connection line with the one stored in the memory element, wherein said logic unit is configured for resetting the counter element in the case of positive outcome of the decoding operation; and a switch, governed by the logic unit, designed to deactivate operation of the panel when the counter element reaches a pre-set configuration. 4. The antitheft and monitoring system according to claim 3, wherein the generator of activation codes of said first unit is designed to generate a deactivation code, and in that the logic unit of each of said second units is designed to control opening of the corresponding switch for deactivating operation of the panel when it receives said deactivation code. 5. The antitheft and monitoring system according to claim 4, further comprising a measuring device for detecting the characteristics of voltage and current of an individual active panel, and a processor module, designed to detect an overall characteristic starting from the characteristics of the individual panels, detected via said measuring device and to send said overall characteristic to the distribution substation, wherein said distribution substation varies its input impedance according to said overall characteristic. 6. The antitheft and monitoring system according to claim 5, further comprising a photovoltaic sensor, oriented to the same way as the panels and with a photosensitive element identical to that of the panels for supplying additional information regarding the atmospheric conditions of insulation. 7. The antitheft and monitoring system according to claims 3, wherein: said memory element is a ROM; said switch is a FET; and each photovoltaic panel comprises a plurality of photovoltaic cells connected together in series, and said second unit being set between two photovoltaic cells. 8. The antitheft and monitoring system according to claim 7, wherein each photovoltaic panel comprises a plurality of by-pass diodes arranged in parallel to a plurality of photovoltaic cells, and in that each second unit is positioned so as not to be by-passed by the by-pass diodes. 9. The antitheft and monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein each second unit of said plurality is supplied by the respective photovoltaic panel. 10. The antitheft and monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein the activation codes are transmitted: on a dedicated line closed on its characteristic impedance to prevent phenomena of reflection; via radio; or directly on the connection line. 11. The antitheft and monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein said distribution substation comprises an inverter unit equipped with an antitheft device based upon GPS technology. 