There are disclosed a method and a device for operating a fuel distribution system having a coordination center, unmanned self-service gasoline stations with fuel reservoirs and gasoline supply vehicles, the method comprising the steps of periodically determining the available amounts of remaining fuel in the fuel reservoirs; determining the present positions and fuel levels of supply vehicles; and generating an optimized delivery path for each of said supply vehicles on the basis of said determined available amounts of remaining fuel in the fuel reservoirs, said present positions and said fuel levels of said supply vehicles. Further there is provided an unmanned self-service gasoline station and a method for operation and a system.
Claims 1. Method for operating a fuel distribution system having a coordination center, unmanned self-service gasoline stations with fuel reservoirs and gasoline supply vehicles, the method comprising the steps of: periodically determining the available amounts of remaining fuel in the fuel reservoirs; determining the present positions and fuel levels of supply vehicles; and generating an optimized delivery path for each of said supply vehicles on the basis of said determined available amounts of remaining fuel in the fuel reservoirs, said present positions and said fuel levels of said supply vehicles. 2. Method according to claim 1, wherein said determining of the available amounts of fuel in the fuel reservoirs, further comprises: periodically transferring said determined available amounts of fuel in the fuel reservoirs to said coordination center. 3. Method according to claim 1, further comprising periodically storing said periodically determined amounts. 4. Method according to claim 2, further comprising: determining a user identification, performing an authentication procedure, dispensing fuel, and measuring the amount of dispensed fuel, and transferring payment data to a payment center, wherein said determined available amounts of fuel are transferred together with payment data. 5. Method according to claim 1, further comprising transferring said generated optimized delivery path to said supply vehicles. 6. Method according to claim 1, further comprising: generating optimized delivery paths for all possible combinations of fuel levels of fuel reservoirs, supply vehicles fuel levels, the positions of the supply vehicles and fuel levels of said supply vehicles. 7. Method for operating an unmanned self-service gasoline station, comprising the steps of: periodically determining the available amount of remaining fuel in the fuel reservoirs; monitoring and controlling of gasoline dispensers; performing payment procedures; monitoring and controlling of fire protection and extinguishing equipment; monitoring alarm sensors; video monitoring; remote equipment configuring; and remote price pole configuring. 8. Computer program product comprising program code means stored on a computer readable medium for carrying out the method of anyone of claims 1 to 7 when said program product is run on a computer or network device. 9. Computer program product comprising program code, downloadable from a server for carrying out the method of anyone of claims 1 to 7 when said program product is run on a computer or network device. 10. Unmanned self-service gasoline station, comprising: at least one fuel reservoir provided with a fuel gauge, said fuel reservoir being placed in a fuel-tight trough; at least one fuel dispenser for each said fuel reservoir; at least one platform for each fuel dispenser provided with a catch element and provided with oil traps, at least one canopy element covering at least the area of each said platform and said trough, said at least one fuel reservoir is an above-ground storage fuel reservoir; all key components are modular and are provided with standardized connection elements and wherein said self-service gasoline station is further provided with an automated tank gauging system, for said at least one fuel reservoir, payment terminals for use with payment cards and mobile phones, operationally connected to said at least one fuel dispenser, at least one remotely configurable price pole, and a server operationally connected to said remotely configurable price pole, said payment terminals, said automated tank gauging system and said at least one fuel dispenser, wherein said server is provided with a data exchange interface to a communication network for connecting it to a coordination center. 11. Unmanned self-service gasoline station according to claim 10, wherein said above-ground storage fuel reservoir is arranged in a concrete trough. 12. Unmanned self-service gasoline station according to claim 10, wherein said payment terminals for mobile phones are M-payment system payment terminals. 13. Unmanned self-service gasoline station according to claim 10, further comprising: vending machines connected to said payment terminals enabling single payment operation for said fuel dispensers and said vending machines. 14. Unmanned self-service gasoline station according to claim 10, further comprising an automated fire extinguishing system and an automated fire alarm system. 15. Unmanned self-service gasoline station according to claim 10, wherein said at least one canopy element is provided with solar collectors for the operation of said gasoline station. 16. Unmanned self-service gasoline station according to claim 10, further being provided with an automated lavatory. 17. Unmanned self-service gasoline station according to claim 10 further comprising: a chassis connected to said fuel-tight trough and/or said fuel reservoir, wherein said refueling platforms and said canopy element are foldable. 18. Unmanned self-service gasoline station according to claim 10, wherein said automated tank gauging system comprises a probe for fuel level, water level, pollution and soiling detection measurement in said fuel reservoirs. 19. Unmanned self-service gasoline station according to claim 18, wherein said probe is a segmented, high-resolution, solid state based capacitive measurement probe, for fuel level measurement, water level measurement, temperature measurement and pollution and soiling detection in said fuel reservoirs. 20. Supply vehicle for an unmanned self-service gasoline station, comprising a tank section for at least one kind of fuel, characterized in that said supply vehicle is provided with a tank gauge, a positioning system and a communication device for communicating with a coordination center. 21. Supply vehicle according to claim 20, further comprising a vending machine goods container, floodlights, cleaning installation and lavatory maintenance devices. 22. Coordination center provided with a communication system for communicating with gasoline stations according to one of claims 10 to 19, supply vehicles according to one of claims 20 or 21 and fuel reservoirs. 23. Fuel distribution system with unmanned self-service gasoline stations according to one of claims 10 to 19 and fuel reservoirs, supply vehicles according to one of claims 20 or 21 and a coordination center according to claim 22. 