A photovoltaic module includes a photovoltaic module body and frames mounted to a periphery thereof. The frame includes a main body having a hollow structure and a fit-engagement portion located above the main body and fittingly receiving the periphery of the photovoltaic module body. The main body of the frame is formed with a mounting portion into which a press-insertion member is press-inserted and which has a great outside wall thickness and a small inside wall thickness in section. The frames are fixed to each other by press-inserting the press-insertion member into the mounting portions thereof.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic module comprising: a photovoltaic module body including a plurality of solar cells sealed between a surface member and a backside member with a sealing material; and a frame mounted to a periphery of the photovoltaic module body, wherein the frame includes a main body having a hollow structure and a fit-engagement portion located above the main body and fittingly receiving the periphery of the photovoltaic module body, the main body is formed with a mounting portion into which a press-insertion member mounted in another frame is press-inserted, the mounting portion has a great outside wall thickness and a small inside wall thickness in section, and the frames are fixed to each other by press-inserting the press-insertion member into the mounting portions thereof. 2. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the outside wall thickness in section is in the range of 1.8 mm to 1.5 mm and the inside wall thickness in section is in the range of 1.1 mm to 1.3 mm. 3. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, including the four frames each corresponding to each of the four sides of the rectangular photovoltaic module body, wherein on a corner defined by a respective pair of intersecting sides of the photovoltaic module body, a respective pair of frames are fixed to each other by press-inserting the press-insertion member into the mounting portions thereof. 4. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the fit-engagement portion has a U-shape in section and the frame with the press-insertion member press-inserted in the mounting portion thereof is deflected and deformed inward at its inside portion while a lower side of the fit-engagement portion having the U-shaped section is deformedly deflected upward. 5. The photovoltaic module according to claim 3, wherein the frames in abutting contact have arc-shaped ends such that a corner defined by the frames in abutting contact is chamfered. 