The mobile hybrid electrical power source (100) is reconfigurably disposed in a street-legal size compact metallic container (105) positioned on a hydraulic trailer (107) that can be towed by a truck. An alignment pin (109) is provided on the container (105) for aligning and mating the container with a rotary bearing (111) on the trailer (107). The rotary bearing (111) allows the metallic container (105) to rotate about a vertical central axis +/-180.degree. from an initial position of the container (105). The generator (100) combines a plurality of power sources to provide optimal operation in multiple applications and conditions. The power sources comprise wind, solar, and fossil fuel energy components. When a power grid is available, the mobile hybrid electrical power source (100) can be connected to the grid to sell energy back to the grid.
Claims 1. A mobile hybrid electrical power source, comprising: a mobile platform having hydraulically activated stabilizer legs; a container rotatably mounted atop the mobile platform; a wind energy extraction device rotatably disposed in the container; means for extending and retracting the wind energy extraction device from and to the container, respectively; a solar energy extraction device disposed in the container; means for extending and retracting the solar energy extraction device from and to the container, respectively; a plurality of batteries disposed within the container; a fuel-burning electric generator disposed within the container; and power management means for managing electric power generated from the wind energy extraction device, the solar energy extraction device, the plurality of batteries, and the fuel-burning electric generator. 2. The mobile hybrid electrical power source according to claim 1, wherein the container dimensions do not exceed approximately 241 cm high, 414 cm wide, and 127 cm deep, the container having said dimensions being street legal in most jurisdictions. 3. The mobile hybrid electrical power source according to claim 1, wherein the rotatably mounted container can rotate around its vertical central axis +/-180.degree. degrees from its initial position. 4. The mobile hybrid electrical power source according to claim 1, further comprising a solar tracking device operably connected to the solar energy extraction device, the solar tracking device automatically tracking the sun horizontally and vertically in order to optimize energy collection. 5. The mobile hybrid electrical power source according to claim 1, wherein the power management means comprises control/rectification of the disparate power generation devices available to the mobile hybrid electrical power source. 6. The mobile hybrid electrical power source according to claim 1, wherein the wind and solar energy extraction devices are prioritized over the fuel burning generator as a power source provided by the device. 7. The mobile hybrid electrical power source according to claim 1, wherein active solar energy extraction members and active wind energy extraction members can move independently from each other. 8. The mobile hybrid electrical power source according to claim 1, wherein a plurality of mobile hybrid electrical power sources are connected together, thereby increasing the total power output of the devices. 9. The mobile hybrid electrical power source according to claim 8, further comprising redundant control electronic circuitry adjusting power output of the device when any of the plurality of devices fails. 10. The mobile hybrid electrical power source according to claim 1, further comprising interface electronic circuitry so that only two persons at most are needed to configure, deploy, and operate the mobile hybrid electrical power source. 11. The mobile hybrid electrical power source according to claim 10, wherein the interface electronic circuitry comprises a plurality of keys, each of the keys activating a separate electric power extraction/generating mode. 12. The mobile hybrid electrical power source according to claim 11, further comprising an on-board computer operably connected to the keys wherein one of the plurality of keys operates first and second modes of deployment of the wind energy extraction device, first mode being manual allowing an operator to determine a deployment height of the wind energy extraction device, second mode being auto allowing the computer on-board the mobile hybrid electrical power source to determine a deployment height of the wind energy extraction device. 13. The mobile hybrid electrical power source according to claim 12, wherein in the auto mode, the computer determines a safe deployment height based on environmental airspeed, the computer retracting the wind energy extraction device if the air speed is excessive. 14. The mobile hybrid electrical power source according to claim 13, further comprising time delay electronic control circuitry starting the wind energy extraction device after a predetermined delay time from being switched into AUTO mode. 15. The mobile hybrid electrical power source according to claim 11, wherein one of the plurality of keys operates first and second modes of deployment of the solar energy extraction device first mode being manual allowing an operator to manually determine a deployment position of the solar energy extraction device, second mode being auto allowing a computer on-board the mobile hybrid electrical power source to determine a deployment position of the solar energy extraction device. 16. The mobile hybrid electrical power source according to claim 15, wherein the computer determines a deployment configuration of the solar energy extraction device based on environmental airspeed, the computer rearranging the deployment configuration to maintain a safe operating height and position. 17. The mobile hybrid electrical power source according to claim 16, wherein in extreme weather environmental conditions the wind energy extraction device is stopped and the solar energy extraction device is automatically retracted and covered, the energy extraction devices automatically re-deploying after the computer senses a predetermined time of acceptable weather conditions. 18. The mobile hybrid electrical power source according to claim 17, wherein power is provided from the batteries/fuel powered electric generator when the solar and wind extraction devices are deactivated. 19. The mobile hybrid electrical power source according to claim 12, further comprising a messaging system operably connected to the computer, the computer constantly monitoring all components, sensing alarm conditions, and alerting personnel via the messaging system in case of an alarm. 20. The mobile hybrid electrical power source according to claim 12, further comprising a duplex communication device operably connected to the computer, the duplex communication device facilitating network communication of the mobile hybrid electrical power source to a remote location wherein the power source can be remotely administered. 