A photovoltaic device includes at least one photovoltaic cell and a DC/DC converter electrically coupled to the at least one photovoltaic cell. The at least one photovoltaic cell and the DC/DC converter are integrated into a photovoltaic package.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic device, comprising: at least one photovoltaic cell; and a DC/DC converter electrically coupled to the at least one photovoltaic cell, wherein the at least one photovoltaic cell and the DC/DC converter are integrated into a photovoltaic package. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic package comprises a low-profile laminate or non-laminate package. 3. The device of claim 2, wherein the low-profile package is less than 11 mm thick. 4. The device of claim 3, wherein the low-profile package is less than 5 mm thick. 5. The device of claim 1, wherein the at least one photovoltaic cell is a thin-film photovoltaic cell. 6. The device of claim 5, wherein the DC/DC converter comprises a transformerless buck converter and a transformerless boost converter or a transformerless buck-boost converter. 7. The device of claim 6, further comprising a pass-through comprising a low resistance path from the at least one photovoltaic cell to an output of the DC/DC converter. 8. The device of claim 7, wherein the pass-through comprises a first pass-through integrated into the transformerless buck converter and a second pass-through integrated into the transformerless boost converter. 9. The device of claim 8, further comprising a ceramic capacitor electrically coupled to the DC/DC converter and to a string of the thin-film photovoltaic cells which include the at least one photovoltaic cell. 10. The device of claim 8, further comprising a pass-through controller electrically coupled to the transformerless buck converter and the transformerless boost converter, wherein the pass-through controller comprises a maximum power point tracker electrically coupled to the at least one photovoltaic cell. 11. The device of claim 8, wherein the DC/DC converter comprises at least four transistors. 12. The device of claim 7, wherein the DC/DC converter comprises at least two transistors and at least two diodes. 13. The device of claim 11, wherein the DC/DC converter further comprises an inductor integrated onto a printed circuit board or at least one layer of the package. 14. A method of operating a photovoltaic module, comprising: providing a photovoltaic cell power output to a DC/DC converter having at least two transistors; switching the at least two transistors only when a string current is not in a nominal range; and providing a voltage to a string connection of the DC/DC converter. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the DC/DC converter comprises a buck converter, wherein switching the at least two transistors only when the string current is not in the nominal range comprises a buck mode comprising operating the buck converter while the photovoltaic cell is at least partially shaded. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the buck converter comprises a first transistor and a second transistor, wherein operating the buck converter while the photovoltaic cell is at least partially shaded comprises switching the first transistor and the second transistor alternately. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the DC/DC converter comprises a boost converter, wherein switching the at least two transistors only when the string current is not in the nominal range comprises a boost mode comprising operating the boost converter while a different photovoltaic cell is at least partially shaded. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the boost converter comprises a third transistor and a fourth transistor, wherein operating the boost converter while the different photovoltaic cell is at least partially shaded comprises switching the third transistor and the fourth transistor alternately. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein when the string current is in the nominal range comprises a pass-through mode comprising maintaining the first and third transistors in a conductive state and maintaining the second and fourth transistors in a non-conductive state. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the nominal range comprises a current within plus or minus ten percent of an inverter input current associated with maintaining a desired constant inverter input voltage. 21. The method of claim 19, wherein the nominal range is determined by perturbing the DC/DC converter in the buck mode, the pass-through mode, and the boost mode, and determining which mode produces the most power, and wherein the photovoltaic cell and the DC/DC converter are integrated into a photovoltaic package. 22. A photovoltaic converter circuit, comprising: at least one photovoltaic cell; and a DC/DC converter comprising: a buck converter comprising at least one first transistor; a boost converter comprising at least one second transistor, and a pass-through path, wherein the buck converter is electrically coupled to the boost converter, and wherein the DC/DC converter is electrically coupled to the at least one photovoltaic cell. 23. The circuit of claim 22, further comprising a ceramic capacitor electrically coupled to a string of the thin-film photovoltaic cells which include the at least one photovoltaic cell and to the DC/DC converter. 24. The circuit of claim 23, wherein the buck converter, the boost converter, the capacitor, and the at least one photovoltaic cell are integrated into a photovoltaic package. 25. The circuit of claim 24, wherein the photovoltaic package comprises a low-profile laminate or non-laminate package. 26. The circuit of claim 25, wherein the low-profile package is less than 11 mm thick. 27. The circuit of claim 26, wherein the low-profile package is less than 5 mm thick. 28. The circuit of claim 24, wherein the buck converter further comprises a third pass-through transistor, and wherein the boost converter further comprises a fourth pass-through transistor. 29. The circuit of claim 28, further comprising a controller electrically coupled to the buck converter and the boost converter. 30. The circuit of claim 29, wherein the buck converter further comprises a first switching assist diode, and wherein the boost converter further comprises a second first switching assist diode. 31. The circuit of claim 30, wherein the controller comprises a boost controller, a buck controller, a pass-through controller, and a maximum power point tracker. 32. The circuit of claim 23, further comprising a plurality of photovoltaic laminate modules electrically connected in series with an inverter. 33. The circuit of claim 23, wherein the buck converter further comprises a buck diode, and the boost converter further comprises a boost diode. 34. A photovoltaic system, comprising: an inverter, and at least two photovoltaic modules, each comprising: at least one photovoltaic cell; and a DC/DC converter electrically coupled to the at least one photovoltaic cell, wherein the DC/DC converter comprises a pass-through path, and wherein the DC/DC converters of the at least two photovoltaic modules are electrically connected in series with the inverter. 35. The system of claim 34, wherein each of the at least two photovoltaic modules comprise the at least one photovoltaic cell and the DC/DC converter integrated into a photovoltaic package. 36. The system of claim 35, wherein each of the DC/DC converters of the at least two photovoltaic modules each comprise a transformerless buck-boost converter. 37. The system of claim 36, wherein each of the at least two photovoltaic modules further comprises a controller comprising a maximum power point tracker electrically connected to its respective at least one photovoltaic cell. 38. A method of operating a photovoltaic system, comprising: providing a plurality of photovoltaic modules having a power output in series; operating at least one of the plurality of photovoltaic modules in a pass-through mode; operating at least one of the plurality of photovoltaic modules in a boost mode; operating at least one of the plurality of photovoltaic modules in a buck mode; and providing a substantially constant string voltage to an inverter. 39. The method of claim 38, further comprising operating each of the plurality of photovoltaic modules at a substantially maximum power point. 40. The method of claim 39, wherein each of the plurality of photovoltaic modules is autonomous. 41. The method of claim 40, further comprising controlling a string current of the plurality of photovoltaic modules, and wherein each of the plurality of photovoltaic modules comprises at least one photovoltaic cell and a DC/DC converter integrated into a photovoltaic package. 42. The method of claim 41, wherein the inverter determines the string current of the plurality of photovoltaic modules. 43. The method of claim 42, wherein operating at least one of the plurality of photovoltaic modules in the pass-through mode comprises operating a first photovoltaic module in the pass-through mode. 44. The method of claim 43, wherein operating at least one of the plurality of photovoltaic modules in the boost mode comprises operating the first photovoltaic module in the boost mode. 45. The method of claim 44, wherein operating at least one of the plurality of photovoltaic modules in the buck mode comprises operating the first photovoltaic module in the buck mode. 46. The method of claim 43, wherein operating at least one of the plurality of photovoltaic modules in the boost mode comprises operating a second photovoltaic module in the boost mode. 47. The method of claim 46, wherein operating at least one of the plurality of photovoltaic modules in the buck mode comprises operating a third photovoltaic module in the buck mode. 48. The method of claim 47, wherein operating the third photovoltaic module in the buck mode further comprises operating the third photovoltaic module in the buck mode when the third photovoltaic module is at least partially shaded. 49. The method of claim 47, wherein operating the second photovoltaic module in the boost mode further comprises operating the second photovoltaic module in the boost mode when the third photovoltaic module is at least partially shaded. 