System and method for testing solar cells is provided. The system includes a first light source configured to generate a first optical beam; a second light source configured to generate a second optical beam; a reflector for each light source, configured to collimate and direct each of the first optical beam and the second optical beam; a spectral filter assembly associated with each of the first light source and the second light source, the spectral filter assembly configured to (a) receive the first optical beam and the second optical beam (b) split each of the first optical beam and the second optical beam into "N" smaller optical beams, and (c) filter the "N" smaller optical beams; a re-imaging assembly for each spectral filter assembly configured to re-image the smaller "N" optical beam at a dichroic mirror that receives one or more N beams.
Claims 1. A system for testing solar cells, comprising: a first light source configured to generate a first optical beam; a second light source configured to generate a second optical beam; a reflector for each light source, configured to collimate and direct each of the first optical beam and the second optical beam; a spectral filter assembly associated with each of the first light source and the second light source, the spectral filter assembly configured to (a) receive the first optical beam and the second optical beam (b) split each of the first optical beam and the second optical beam into "N" smaller optical beams, and (c) filter the "N" smaller optical beams; a re-imaging assembly for each spectral filter assembly configured to re-Image the smaller "N" optical beam at a dichroic mirror that receives one or more N beams as a portion of the first optical beam and as a portion of the second optical beam; wherein the re-imaging assembly adjusts an amount of optical beam that reaches the dichroic mirror; wherein the dichroic mirror is configured to transmit a portion of the first optical beam and the second optical beam and reflect a portion of the first optical beam and second optical beam; wherein the dichroic mirror transmits an optical beam of a wavelength and reflects an optical beam of another wavelength; and a reflector mirror for reflecting a portion of the first optical beam and the second optical beam as received from the dichroic mirror to a test plane. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the spectral filter assembly comprises a plurality of field lenses and a plurality of band-pass filters used in matched pairs, and the band-pass filters allow selected wavelength of an optical beam to pass through the field lens. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the spectral filter assembly further comprises a uniformity mask for each field lens for controlling a brightness level of the portion of optical beams applied to the test plane. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the re-imaging assembly comprises: (a) a plurality of projection lenses, each projection lens having an obscuring dot placed thereon, and (b) an Iris mechanism for each projection lens to control an amount of each of the optical beam that reaches the test plane. 5. The system of claim 1, further comprising a diagnostic plane configured to receive a portion of the optical beams reflected by the reflector mirror. 6. The system of claim 5, further comprising a monitoring system configured to monitor and analyze the optical beams received at the diagnostic plane. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the monitoring system includes a camera configured to provide images of a-spectral distribution of an optical beam applied to the test plane. 8. The system of claim 6, wherein the monitoring system includes an integrating sphere configured to quantify a spectral content of the optical beam applied to the test plane. 9. The system of claim 4, wherein the obscuring dot is sized to be larger than a minimum opening of the Iris mechanism. 10. The system of claim 4, wherein the projection lens with the obscuring dots and Iris mechanisms are used in matched pairs in the re-imaging assembly. 11. A system for testing solar cells, comprising: a first light source configured to generate a first optical beam; a second light source configured to generate a second optical beam; a reflector for each light source, configured to collimate and direct the first optical beam, and the second optical beam; a spectral filter assembly associated with each of the first light source and the second light source, the spectral filter assembly configured to (a) receive the first optical beam and the second optical beam (b) split each of the first optical beam and the second optical beam into "N" smaller optical beams, and (c) filter the "N" smaller optical beams; a re-imaging assembly for each spectral filter assembly configured to re-image the smaller "N" optical beam at a dichroic mirror that receives one or more N beams as a portion of the first optical beam and as a portion of the second optical beam; wherein the re-imaging assembly adjusts an amount of optical beam that reaches the dichroic mirror; wherein the dichroic mirror is configured to transmit a portion of the first optical beam and the second optical beam and reflect a portion of the first optical beam and second optical beam; wherein the dichroic mirror transmits an optical beam of a wavelength and reflects an optical beam of another wavelength; and a reflector mirror for reflecting a first portion of the optical beams received from the dichroic mirror to a test plane, and transmitting a second portion of the optical beams to a diagnostic plane; wherein the first portion is larger than the second portion; and a monitoring system configured to monitor and analyze the optical beam received at the diagnostic plane. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the spectral filter assembly comprises a plurality of field lenses and a plurality of band-pass filters used in matched pairs, and the band-pass filters allow selected wavelength of an optical beam to pass through the field lens. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the spectral filter assembly further comprises a uniformity mask for each field lens for controlling a brightness level of the portion of optical beams applied to the test plane. 14. The system of claim 11, wherein the re-imaging assembly comprises: (a) a plurality of projection lenses, each projection lens having an obscuring dot placed thereon, and (b) an Iris mechanism for each projection lens to control an amount of each of the optical beam that reaches the test plane. 15. The system of claim 11, wherein the monitoring system includes a camera configured to provide images of a spectral distribution of an optical beam applied to the test plane. 16. The system of claim. 11, wherein the monitoring system includes an integrating sphere configured to quantify a spectral content of the optical beam applied to the test plane. 17. The system of claim 14, wherein the obscuring dot is sized to be larger than a minimum opening of the Iris mechanism. 18. The system of claim 14, wherein the projection lens with the obscuring dots and Iris mechanisms are used in matched pairs in the re-imaging assembly. 19. A method for solar cell testing, comprising: (a) receiving a solar cell information to determine spectral parameters of a test image spectrum; (b) configuring a spectral filter assembly and re-imaging assembly of a solar simulator based on the solar cell information; (c) applying an optical beam generated from a plurality of light sources of the solar simulator on the test plane, wherein the optical beam passes through the spectral filter assembly and a re-imaging assembly to generate a test image spectrum; (d) monitoring a test image spectrum at a test plane to confirm if the generated test image spectrum matches the spectral parameters of the test image spectrum of a solar-cell received in step (a); and (e) re-adjusting the spectral filter assembly and re-imaging assembly if the spectral parameters of step (d) do not match with spectral parameters from step (a). 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the step of configuring spectral filter assembly includes configuring a plurality of field lenses and a plurality of band-pass filters that are a part of the spectral filter assembly. 21. The method of claim 19, wherein the step of configuring the re-imaging assembly includes configuring a plurality of projections lenses and configuring an Iris mechanism associated with each projection lens. 