This invention deals with novel method and apparatus for positioning and motion control of the elements (mirrors) of a Fresnel reflector solar concentrator tracking heliostat array by induced and/or permanent dipole coupling to an electronic grid to produce angular deflection, and rotational motion. Thus forces and torques are produced without the use of internal moving parts. Control is achieved without recourse to magnetic fields, by means of high electric fields which may be attained at relatively low voltages. At low voltages, the instant invention exceeds the capability of conventional systems. It can perform dynamic motion control with independent amplitude and frequency modulation. It is ideally suited for maximization of solar energy focused by the array onto a receiver. Since there are no internal moving parts, the instant invention is the most adapted for fabrication from the mini- to the microtechnology realm. Furthermore it provides less costly and greater ease of manufacture from the mini- to the micro-realm.
Claims 1. A solar concentrator system comprising a) an array of adjustable optical elements; b) said elements mounted on at least one pivot; b) said elements coupled to an electronic control grid; c) said control grid activated by a digital processor; d) dipole linkage to rotate said elements; and e) a receiver for energy conversion of the concentrated light. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said dipole is induced. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said dipole is permanent. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said pivot is at least one gimbal. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said optical elements are covered by a transparent sheet. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said optical elements are contained in a fluid consisting of at least one of the group of vacuum, oil, elevated pressure gas. 7. A method of concentrating light comprising the steps of a) placing moveable optical elements in the form of a Fresnel reflector in a concentrator array; b) mounting said elements on at least one pivot; c) dipole coupling said optical elements to an electronic grid; d) activating said control grid by a processor; c) linking said dipoles to said grid; and e) receiving said light. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein said dipole is induced. 9. The method of claim 7, wherein said dipole is permanent. 10. The method of claim 7, wherein said pivot is at least one gimbal. 11. The method of claim 7, wherein said optical elements are covered by a transparent sheet. 12. The method of claim 7, wherein said optical elements are contained in a fluid consisting of at least one of the group of vacuum, oil, elevated pressure gas. 13. A concentrator apparatus comprising: a) an array of adjustable mirrors; b) said mirrors mounted on at least one pivot; b) said mirrors coupled to an electronic control grid; c) said control grid activated by a digital processor; and d) dipole linkage to rotate said mirrors; 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said dipole is induced. 15. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said dipole is permanent. 16. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said pivot is at least one gimbal. 17. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said mirrors are covered by a transparent sheet. 18. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said mirrors are contained in a fluid consisting of at least one of the group of vacuum, oil, elevated pressure gas. 19. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the said mirrors are in pairs of double back-to-back configuration. 20. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the said mirrors are aligned by a positive feedback loop comprising circuitry to control the operation of said control grid. 