An artificial hill is disclosed protecting a habitable area from tornados, having a predetermined height and slope angles. The hill is capable of dispersing tornados and protecting the area therefrom. The hill comprises a top portion having a predetermined height and including solid bodies, a footing portion having a predetermined height, and a means for heating the solid bodies. Preferable configurations and locations of the hill, sizes of the heights and slope angles, and weights of the solid bodies are specified. Preferable materials for building the hill are described, including rocks, concrete slabs, used auto tires and auto bodies, etc. Preferable types of the heating means are discussed. A method for constructing the hill is included. Various objects can be built on or in the hill, including windmills, antennas, solar panels, recreation zones, as well as agricultural, entertainment, storage, and industrial facilities, which increases economical effectiveness of the structure.
Claims 1. An artificial hill for protection of a habitable area from tornados, said hill having a predetermined height H and predetermined slope angles ALPHA, said hill comprising: a top portion having a predetermined height h1, said top portion, at least on its outer surface, including solid bodies; a footing portion having a predetermined height h2; and a means for heating at least the external surface of said solid bodies, wherein said means for heating is placed either outside or inside said hill. 2. The artificial hill according to claim 1, wherein said hill is configured as a cone with a round base. 3. The artificial hill according to claim 2, wherein said angles ALPHA are substantially equal and defined in the range from 40 to 50 degrees. 4. The artificial hill according to claim 1, wherein said hill is configured as a pyramid. 5. The artificial hill according to claim 1, wherein said solid bodies are made of rock or concrete slabs. 6. The artificial hill according to claim 1, further including a middle portion situated between said footing portion and said top portion, said middle portion composed of at least one of the following: soil, rocks, metal, synthetic material, used auto tires, used auto bodies, damped garbage, and processed garbage. 7. The artificial hill according to claim 1, wherein said height H is arranged at least 100 meters. 8. The artificial hill according to claim 1, wherein the outer surface of said top portion is covered with rocks or concrete slabs weighting at least 200 KG. 9. The artificial hill according to claim 1, wherein said top portion is filled with rocks or concrete slabs weighting at least 200 KG. 10. The artificial hill according to claim 1, wherein said height h1 is defined in the range of 10-20% of said height H. 11. The artificial hill according to claim 1, wherein said height h2 is made substantially 8 feet. 12. The artificial hill according to claim 1, wherein said footing portion is laid over with rocks or concrete slabs all around the hill. 13. The artificial hill according to claim 1, wherein said footing portion is entirely composed of concrete. 14. The artificial hill according to claim 1, said hill is be built at a predetermined peripheral point of said habitable area. 15. The artificial hill according to claim 1, wherein said hill is used for placement at least one of the following: TV or cellular telephone antennas, a windmill, a plurality of solar power panels, a motor way, a recreation zone, an entertainment or sports facility, an agricultural facility, and a shelter. 16. The artificial hill according to claim 1, wherein said means for heating supply heat to said solid bodies at least at the time of an emerging tornado. 17. A method for construction of an artificial hill according to claim 1, said method comprising the steps of: assembling a construction crane including a vertical support tower at the site of construction of said hill; lifting and placing said solid bodies according to a predetermined configuration of said hill; and dissembling said crane at the end of construction works, except for the vertical support, tower, said vertical support tower is capable of being further used for mounting equipment. 