A mounting device comprises a base for placement on a vehicle dashboard or other surface; an attachment mechanism positioned on the base for removably coupling with the electronic device; a battery system including a rechargeable battery positioned within the base or the attachment mechanism for providing power to the electronic device when it is coupled to the attachment mechanism; and at least one solar cell positioned on or incorporated into the base or the attachment mechanism for charging the rechargeable battery.
Claims 1. A mounting device for supporting an electronic device on a surface, the mounting device comprising: a flexible base that can be removably positioned on the surface and maintain its position on the surface primarily using frictional forces; an attachment mechanism positioned on the base for removably coupling with the electronic device; a battery system including a rechargeable battery for providing power to the electronic device when the electronic device is coupled to the attachment mechanism; and at least one solar cell positioned on or incorporated into the base or the attachment mechanism for charging the rechargeable battery. 2. The mounting device as set forth in claim 1, the base comprising an outer shell filled with weights. 3. The mounting device as set forth in claim 1, the base comprising a bendable metal frame sandwiched between top and bottom covers. 4. The mounting device as set forth in claim 1, wherein the attachment mechanism includes a hinge anchor and a mounting arm hingedly coupled with the hinge anchor. 5. The mounting device as set forth in claim 4, wherein a distal end of the mounting arm includes a ball mount for receipt within a corresponding socket on the electronic device or a socket assembly associated with the electronic device. 6. The mounting device as set forth in claim 5, further including an electrical connector positioned on or in the ball mount for connecting to a corresponding connector on the electronic device or the socket assembly when the electronic device is coupled to the attachment mechanism, the electrical connector being electrically coupled with the battery system for providing power to the electronic device. 7. The mounting device as set forth in claim 1, wherein the mounting device includes a plurality of solar cells. 8. A mounting device for removably supporting an electronic device on a surface, the mounting device comprising: a base for placement on the surface, the base including at least two independently moveable appendages, wherein the base is operable to maintain its position on the surface primarily using frictional forces; an attachment mechanism positioned on top the base for removably coupling with the electronic device; a battery system including a rechargeable battery positioned within the base or the attachment mechanism for providing power to the electronic device when the electronic device is coupled to the attachment mechanism; and at least two solar cells positioned on or incorporated into the appendages of the base for charging the rechargeable battery. 9. The mounting device as set forth in claim 8, the base comprising an outer shell filled with weights. 10. The mounting device as set forth in claim 8, the base comprising a bendable metal frame sandwiched between top and bottom covers. 11. The mounting device as set forth in claim 8, wherein the attachment mechanism includes a hinge anchor and a mounting arm hingedly coupled with the hinge anchor. 12. The mounting device as set forth in claim 11, wherein a distal end of the mounting arm includes a ball mount for receipt within a corresponding socket on the electronic device or a socket assembly associated with the electronic device. 13. The mounting device as set forth in claim 12, further including an electrical connector positioned on or in the ball mount for connecting to a corresponding connector on the electronic device or the socket assembly when the electronic device is coupled to the attachment mechanism, the electrical connector being electrically coupled with the battery system for providing power to the electronic device. 14. The mounting device as set forth in claim 8, wherein the mounting device includes at least three solar cells. 15. A mounting device for removably supporting an electronic device on a surface, the mounting device comprising: a flexible base for placement on the surface, the base including at least two independently moveable appendages, wherein the base is operable to maintain its position on the surface primarily using frictional forces and requires no suction cups, adhesives, or fasteners to adhere to the surface; an attachment mechanism positioned on top the base for removably coupling with the electronic device; a battery system including a rechargeable battery positioned within the base; an electrical connector operable to electrically couple the battery system to the electronic device for providing power to the electronic device; and at least two solar cells positioned on or incorporated into the appendages of the base for charging the rechargeable battery. 16. The mounting device as set forth in claim 15, the base comprising an outer shell filled with weights. 17. The mounting device as set forth in claim 15, the base comprising a bendable metal frame sandwiched between top and bottom covers. 18. The mounting device as set forth in claim 15, wherein the attachment mechanism includes a hinge anchor and a mounting arm hingedly coupled with the hinge anchor. 19. The mounting device as set forth in claim 18, wherein a distal end of the mounting arm includes a ball mount for receipt within a corresponding socket on the electronic device or a socket assembly associated with the electronic device. 