Systems and methods for interfacing renewable power sources to a power grid are provided. In certain systems and methods, at least one weather condition that may affect the power output of a renewable power source is identified. A potential impact of the identified at least one weather condition on the renewable power source is determined. Historical data associated with the impact of at least one prior weather condition on the renewable power source is accessed. An output of the renewable power source that is supplied to the power grid is adjusted based at least in part on the determined potential impact and the historical data.
Claims 1. A method for interfacing a renewable power source to a power grid, the method comprising: identifying at least one weather condition operable to affect power output of the renewable power source; determining a potential impact of the at least one weather condition on the renewable power source; accessing historical data associated with the impact of at least one prior weather condition on the renewable power source; and adjusting, based at least in part on the determined potential impact and the historical data, an output of the renewable power source that is supplied to the power grid. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein identifying at least one weather condition comprises identifying at least one weather condition utilizing at least one radar, at least one satellite, at least one sensor, or at least one irradiance sensor. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising: determining one or more characteristics associated with the identified at least one weather condition, wherein determining a potential impact of the at least one weather condition comprises determining a potential impact based at least in part on the one or more determined characteristics. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the one or more characteristics comprise at least one of an irradiance of light that is transmitted through the at least one weather condition, an opacity of the at least one weather condition, a location of the at least one weather condition, a rate of movement of the at least one weather condition, or a direction of movement of the at least one weather condition. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein: the renewable power source comprises at least one photovoltaic cell, and adjusting an output of the renewable power source comprises reducing an amount of power that is supplied to the power grid by the at least one photovoltaic cell via at least one inverter. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein: the renewable power source comprises at least one photovoltaic cell, the at least one weather condition comprises a plurality of weather conditions, and adjusting an output of the renewable power source comprises ramping up and ramping down an amount of power that is supplied to the power grid by the at least one photovoltaic cell via at least one inverter to account for the plurality of weather conditions. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein ramping up and ramping down an amount of power that is supplied to the power grid comprises ramping up and ramping down an amount of power based at least in part on a historical output of the at least one photovoltaic cell. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein accessing historical data comprises accessing historical data for a predetermined period of time. 9. The method of claim 1, further comprising: providing power to the power grid from one or more supplemental power sources. 10. A system for interfacing a renewable power source to a power grid, the system comprising: a renewable power source; at least one sensing device operable to identify at least one weather condition operable to affect the power output of the renewable power source; and at least one controller operable to determine a potential impact of the at least one weather condition on the renewable power source, to access historical data associated with the impact of at least one prior weather condition on the renewable power source, and to adjust, based at least in part on the determined potential impact and the historical data, an output of the renewable power source that is supplied to the power grid. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the renewable power source comprises at least one photovoltaic cell. 12. The system of claim 10, wherein the at least one sensing device comprises at least one radar, at least one satellite, at least one sensor, or at least one irradiance sensor. 13. The system of claim 10, wherein the at least one controller is further operable to determine one or more characteristics associated with the identified at least one weather condition and to determine the potential impact of the at least one weather condition based at least in part on the one or more determined characteristics. 14. The system of claim 14, wherein the one or more characteristics comprise at least one of an irradiance of light that is transmitted through the at least one weather condition, an opacity of the at least one weather condition, a location of the at least one weather condition, a rate of movement of the at least one weather condition, or a direction of movement of the at least one weather condition. 15. The system of claim 10, wherein: the renewable power source comprises at least one photovoltaic cell, and the at least one controller is operable to adjust the output of the renewable power source by reducing an amount of power that is supplied to the power grid by the at least one photovoltaic cell via at least one inverter. 16. The system of claim 10, wherein: the renewable power source comprises at least one photovoltaic cell, the at least one weather condition comprises a plurality of weather conditions, and the at least one controller is operable to adjust an output of the renewable power source that is supplied to the power grid by ramping up and ramping down an amount of power that is supplied to the power grid by the at least one photovoltaic cell via at least one inverter to account for the plurality of weather conditions. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the at least one controller is operable to ramp up and ramp down an amount of power that is supplied to the power grid based at least in part on a historical output of the at least one photovoltaic cell. 18. The system of claim 10, wherein the accessed historical data comprises historical data for a predetermined period of time. 19. The system of claim 10, further comprising: one or more supplemental power sources operable to provide power to the power grid. 20. A method for interfacing photovoltaic cells to a power grid, the method comprising: identifying a plurality of weather conditions operable to affect power output of a plurality of photovoltaic cells; determining a potential impact of the plurality of weather conditions on the plurality of photovoltaic cells; accessing historical data associated with adjusting the power output of the plurality of photovoltaic cells within a predetermined historical period of time; and adjusting, based at least in part on the determined potential impact and the accessed historical data, an output of the plurality of photovoltaic cells that is supplied to the power grid. 