A mobile terminal disposed with electronic paper and a method for displaying data in the mobile terminal are disclosed, wherein the mobile terminal comprises: a first display including a light emitting display; a second display including an electronic paper; and a controller configured to turn off the first display and to allow data to be displayed on the second display if a power event occurs.
Claims 1. A mobile terminal, comprising: a first display configured to display data related to a user input; a second display configured to display information; and a controller configured to power off the first display and transfer the data from the first display to the second display when the controller detects an event related to the mobile terminal. 2. The mobile terminal of claim 1, wherein the detected event is related to powering of the mobile terminal. 3. The mobile terminal of claim 1, wherein the detected event comprises a power-off event, a power-insufficient event or a power-saving event. 4. The mobile terminal of claim 1, wherein the detected event is related to movement of the mobile terminal. 5. The mobile terminal of claim 1, wherein the controller is further configured to provide wake-up data to be displayed on either the first or second displays when the detected event is a wake-up event. 6. The mobile terminal of claim 5, wherein the second display has a higher priority than the first display to display the wake-up data when the wake-up event is detected. 7. The mobile terminal of claim 5, wherein the wake-up data comprises a text message reception, a voice call reception, a video call reception, a folder-open, a slider-open, or a side key input. 8. The mobile terminal of claim 5, further comprising: a light emitting unit, disposed at one side of the second display and configured to illuminate the second display and wherein the controller is further configured to enable the light emitting unit when the wake-up event is detected. 9. The mobile terminal of claim 8, wherein the wake-up data displayed on the second display becomes visible when the light emitting unit is activated to emit light to the second display. 10. The mobile terminal of claim 1, further comprising: a movement detecting sensor configured to detect movement of the mobile terminal, wherein the controller is further configured to transfer at least a portion of the data displayed on the first display to be displayed on the second display when movement is detected. 11. The mobile terminal of claim 1, further comprising: a solar cell configured to supply power to the second display when the detected event is a power-related event. 12. The mobile terminal of claim 11, wherein the solar cell is a transparent solar cell that is disposed on either the first or second display. 13. The mobile terminal of claim 1, further comprising: a memory unit configured to store a predetermined menu and wherein the controller is further configured to execute the predetermined menu to provide a display object from the predetermined menu to be displayed on the second display when the detected event is a power-related event. 14. The mobile terminal of claim 13, further comprising: a user input unit for setting a set-up display object to be displayed on the second display during occurrence of a power-related event and wherein the controller is further configured to control the second display to display the set-up display object when the power-related event is detected. 15. The mobile terminal of claim 13, wherein the predetermined menu includes at least an image call menu, a message reception menu, a telephone call, a mobile digital broadcasting menu, a camera album menu or an electronic book (e-book) menu. 16. The mobile terminal of claim 13, wherein the display object includes at least a photograph image captured by a camera corresponding to the predetermined menu, a text message, call information, an image received from a broadcasting module, an image file, or electronic book (e-book) data. 17. The mobile terminal of claim 14, wherein the set-up display object includes at least a recent message receipt list, a current phonebook list, a recent call list, telephone information of the mobile terminal, a user description word, map information, schedule information, an image file, or Internet information. 18. The mobile terminal of claim 1, wherein the controller is further configured to monitor the mobile terminal to detect either a power-related event or a movement-related event while a function of the mobile terminal is manipulated according to the user input. 19. The method of claim 1, wherein the first display is a light-emitting display. 20. The method of claim 1, wherein the second display is an electronic paper display. 21. A mobile terminal, comprising: a first body including a first display formed with a light emitting display and a first connector; a second body including a second display formed with an electronic paper display and a second connector configured to connect to the first connector, wherein the second body is non-permanently coupled to the first body via the first and second connectors; and a controller configured to reduce power to the first display and transfer data from the first display to the second display upon detecting the first body detached from the second body. 22. The mobile terminal of claim 21, wherein the second body further comprises a third display formed with a light emitting display and configured to display data and the controller is further configured to transfer the data from the first and third displays to be displayed on the second display as combined data when a folder-close event is detected. 23. The mobile terminal of claim 21, wherein the controller is further configured to separate the transferred data into first and second data portions such that the first data portion is displayed on the first display and the second data portion is displayed on the third display when a folder-open event is detected. 24. The mobile terminal of claim 22, wherein the controller is further configured to separate the combined data into first and second data portions such that the first data portion is displayed on the first display and the second data portion is displayed on the third display when a subsequent folder-open event is detected. 25. A method for displaying data in a mobile terminal, the method comprising: displaying data related to a user input on a first display of the mobile terminal; detecting an event related to the mobile terminal; transferring at least a portion of the data from the first display to a second display of the mobile terminal when the event is detected; and displaying the transferred data on the second display, wherein the first display includes a light emitting display, and wherein the second display includes an electronic paper display. 26. The method of claim 25, further comprising: reducing power to the first display when the detected event is a power-related event. 27. The method of claim 26, wherein reducing power comprises powering off the first display. 28. The method of claim 25, wherein detecting the event comprises sensing movement of the mobile terminal. 29. The method of claim 25, wherein displaying the data related to a user input comprises monitoring a power supply of the mobile terminal for detecting a power-related event while receiving the user input. 30. The method of claim 25, wherein the second display receives power from a solar cell disposed on the mobile terminal. 31. The method of claim 25, further comprising: displaying a notification message on the second display indicating a status of the mobile terminal when the event is detected. 32. The method of claim 25, further comprising: powering on a light emitting unit disposed on one side of the second display when the detected event is a power-related event. 33. The method of claim 25, further comprising: executing a predetermined menu at the mobile terminal when the detected event is a power-related event; and displaying at least one display object related to the predetermined menu on the second display. 34. The method of claim 25, further comprising: presetting a set-up display object; and displaying the preset set-up display object on the second display when the detected event is a power-related event generated by a user set-up. 