A portable Internet appliance is disclosed herein, that is capable of accessing any content, at any time, from any place and interacting with anything, wherein anything is comprising of one or more of the following: a processor module, a memory module, a sensor module, a radio module, a camera module, a battery module, a biosensor module, a biomarker and an algorithm.
Claims 1-52. (canceled) 53. An appliance, comprises: a processor module; a system storage module; a software module selected from the group consisting of the following: an embedded operating system and a web based operating system; a software module selected from the group consisting of the following: an embedded application and a web based application; a display module selected from the group consisting of the following: a display, a single-touch-screen display, a multi-touch-screen display, a tiltable display, a stretchable display and a holographic display and a display capable of signal reception from an input module selected from the group consists of the following: human touch, a stylus, a voice, a wire, a radio, a microwave and an infrared; an input module selected from the group consisting of the following: a microphone, a speaker module, a keyboard module, a stretchable keyboard module, a single-touch-screen virtual keyboard module, a multi-touch-screen virtual keyboard module, a radio enabled keyboard module and an infrared enabled keyboard module; a data storage module selected from the group consisting of the following: a magnetic storage, a holographic storage, a molecular memory storage, a 3-D optical storage and a remote Internet enabled storage module; a power supply module selected from the group consisting of the following: a battery module, a battery module with a built-in integrated fuel cell, a storage capacitor module, a solar cell module, a fuel cell module, a nano-wire battery module and a proximity radio-enabled charger module; a communication module selected from the group consisting of the following: a wired connection, a radio connection, a microwave connection and a sensor based connection, whereas the communication module utilizes a protocol selected from the group consists of the following: a voice-over-IP, a video-over-IP, a multimedia-over-IP and a data-over-IP; a security module selected from the group consisting of the following: an Internet firewall module, a spyware module, a user specified safety module and a parental control module; and further utilizes a software module with an algorithm selected from the group consisting of algorithm based on the following: commercial software from www.choicestream.com, data mining, data interpretation, pattern recognition, machine vision, fuzzy logic, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, statistical appliance learning, reasoning modeling, behavior modeling, self-learning, interactive learning, software-as-a service, software-as-a-physical search and having a software agent and a neural network. 54. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises the following: an efficient thermal interface material and a heat spreader. 55. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises a heat sink. 56. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises active air cooling. 57. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises active liquid cooling. 58. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises a package material constructed from carbon fiber and plastic. 59. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises an antenna printed onto a package. 60. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises an antenna printed onto a stand. 61. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises a content-capture module selected from the group consisting of the following: a fixed focus still-frame camera, a rotating fixed focus still-frame camera, an auto focus still-frame camera, a rotating auto focus still-frame camera and a flash unit. 62. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises a content-capture module selected from the group consisting of the following: a fixed focus dynamic-frame camera, a rotating fixed focus dynamic-frame camera, an auto focus dynamic-frame camera, a rotating auto focus dynamic-frame camera and a flash unit. 63. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises a projection display module. 64. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises a module selected from the group consisting of the following: a video compression module, a voice-to-text conversion module and a text-to-voice conversion module. 65. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises an algorithm for a module selected from the group consisting of the following: a video compression algorithm, a voice-to-text conversion algorithm and a text-to-voice conversion algorithm. 66. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises a personal area network radio module selected from the group consisting of the following: a Wibree module, a Bluetooth module, a WiFi module, an Ultra-Wideband module, a 60 GHz Millimeter-Wave module and other Millimeter-Wave modules. 67. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises an algorithm for a personal area network radio module selected from the group consisting of the following: a Wibree module, a Bluetooth module, a WiFi module, an Ultra-Wideband module, a 60 GHz Millimeter-Wave module and other Millimeter-Wave modules. 68. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises a wide area network area radio module compatible with WiMax. 69. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises an algorithm for a wide area network radio module compatible with WiMax. 70. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises a communication radio module selected from the group consisting of the following: Cellular module and a LTE module. 71. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises an algorithm for a communication radio module selected from the group consisting of the following: Cellular module and a LTE module. 72. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises a TV radio module. 73. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises an algorithm for a TV radio module. 74. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises a module for a fixed-to-mobile-to-fixed conversion, the target of the conversion being selected from the group consisting of the following: a phone, a computer, a set top box, a personal video recorder, a holographic display, a TV, a router, a server, a mobile phone and a remote Internet enabled storage module. 75. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises an algorithm for a fixed-to-mobile-to-fixed conversion, the target of the conversion being selected from the group consisting of the following: a phone, a computer, a set top box, a personal video recorder, a holographic display, a TV, a router, a server, a mobile phone and a remote Internet enabled storage module. 76. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises a module selected from the group consisting of the following: a GPS module, a 2-D Barcode scanner, a RFID module, a near-field communication module and a security sensor module. 77. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises an algorithm for a module selected from the group consisting of the following: of a GPS module, a 2-D Barcode scanner, a RFID module, a near-field communication module and a security sensor module. 78. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises a module selected from the group consisting of the following: a time-shift module and a place-shift module for any content. 79. An appliance, as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises an algorithm for a module selected from the group consisting of the following: a time-shift module and a place-shift module for any content. 80. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises a module selected from the group consisting of the following: a software-defined radio and a tunable antenna. 81. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises an algorithm for a module selected from the group consisting of the following: a software-defined radio and a tunable antenna. 82. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises a diagnostic module selected from the group consisting of the following: an in-situ diagnostic module and a remote control diagnostic module. 83. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises a module selected from the group consisting of the following: a security sensor module, a home sensor module and a medical sensor module. 84. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further comprises an algorithm for a module selected from the group consisting of the following: a security sensor module, a home sensor module and a medical sensor module. 85. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further communicates with module selected from the group consisting of the following: a security sensor module, a home sensor module and a medical sensor module. 86. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further utilizes voice recognition software. 87. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further utilizes hand-writing recognition software. 88. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further utilizes pattern recognition software. 89. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further utilizes voice-over-IP. 90. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further utilizes video-over-IP. 91. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further utilizes multimedia-over-IP. 92. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further utilizes data-over-IP. 93. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further utilizes remote computing. 94. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further employs a business model with a software-as-a-physical search algorithm. 95. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further employs a business model with a software-as-a-service algorithm. 96. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further utilizes self-learning. 97. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further utilizes appliance to appliance communication. 98. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further utilizes appliance to object communication. 99. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further utilizes appliance to biological object communication. 100. An appliance as in claim 53, wherein the appliance further utilizes one or more of the following connectivity types: a wire, a radio, a microwave and a sensor. 101. An object comprises one or more components selected from the group consisting of the following: a communication interface associated with an IP address, a processor module, a memory module, a sensor module, a radio module, a camera module, a battery module, a package and algorithm, wherein the object's construction methods selected from the group consists of the following: a semiconductor fabrication, a MEMS fabrication, a microfluidic fabrication, a printed electronics fabrication, a plastic electronics fabrication, an electronic packaging, a multi-chip module packaging and a 3-Dimensional packaging. 102. An object as in claim 101, wherein the object further utilizes an interactive algorithm with other objects. 103. An object as in claim 101, wherein the object further utilizes a distributive algorithm with other objects. 104. An object as in claim 101, wherein the object further utilizes one or more of the following connectivity types: a wire, a radio, a microwave and a sensor. 105. A biological object comprises one or more components selected from the group consisting of the following: a communication interface associated with an IP address, a processor module, a memory module, a sensor module, a radio module, a camera module, a battery module, a biosensor module, a biomarker module, a bio-compatible package and algorithm, wherein the biological object's construction methods selected from the group consists of the following: a semiconductor fabrication, a MEMS fabrication, a stereo-lithography fabrication, an injection molding fabrication, a microfluidic fabrication, a printed electronics fabrication, a plastic electronics fabrication, a bio-compatible packaging, a bio-compatible multi-chip module packaging and a bio-compatible 3-Dimensional packaging. 106. A biological object as in claim 105, wherein the biological object further utilizes one or more of the following connectivity types: a wire, a radio, a microwave and a sensor. 107. An apparatus to monitor biological processes and images near or within a biological object, wherein the biological object comprises one or more components selected from the group consisting of the following: a communication interface associated with an IP address, a processor module, a memory module, a sensor module, a radio module, a camera module, a battery module, a biosensor module, a biomarker module and a bio-compatible package. 108. A method to monitor biological processes and images near or within a biological object, wherein the biological object comprises one or more components selected from the group consisting of the following: a communication interface associated with an IP address, a processor module, a memory module, a sensor module, a radio module, a camera module, a battery module, a biosensor module, a biomarker module and an algorithm. 109. An appliance comprises one or more components selected from the group consisting of the following: a composite package material of carbon fiber and plastic, a stretchable display, a stretchable keyboard, a battery module with a built-in integrated fuel cell and a nano-wire battery module. 110. An appliance as in claim 109, wherein the appliance further utilizes a software module with an algorithm selected from the group consisting of the following: commercial software from www.choicestream.com, data mining, data interpretation, pattern recognition, machine vision, fuzzy logic, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, statistical appliance learning, reasoning modeling, behavior modeling, self-learning, interactive learning, software-as-a service, software-as-a-physical search and having a software agent and a neural network. 111. An appliance as in claim 109, wherein the appliance further utilizes appliance to object communication, wherein the object comprises one or more components selected from the group consisting of the following: a communication interface associated with an IP address, a processor module, a memory module, a sensor module, a radio module, a camera module, a battery module, a package and algorithm, wherein the object's construction methods selected from the group consists of the following: a semiconductor fabrication, a MEMS fabrication, a microfluidic fabrication, a printed electronics fabrication, a plastic electronics fabrication, an electronic packaging, a multi-chip module packaging and a 3-Dimensional packaging. 112. An appliance as in claim 109, wherein the appliance further utilizes appliance to biological object communication, wherein the biological object comprises one or more components selected from the group consisting of the following: a communication interface associated with an IP address, a processor module, a memory module, a sensor module, a radio module, a camera module, a battery module, a biosensor module, a biomarker module, a bio-compatible package and algorithm, wherein the biological object's construction methods selected from the group consists of the following: a semiconductor fabrication, a MEMS fabrication, a stereo-lithography fabrication, an injection molding fabrication, a microfluidic fabrication, a printed electronics fabrication, a plastic electronics fabrication, a bio-compatible packaging, a bio-compatible multi-chip module packaging and a bio-compatible 3-Dimensional packaging. 