A device wirelessly broadcasts branding information associated with a consumer product attached to the device. The branding information is sent to a receiver located remotely from the product.
Claims 1. A system for wirelessly transmitting information comprising: a transmitter that is located on one consumer product of a plurality of consumer products, and includes a memory that stores information about the plurality of consumer products, wherein the information includes brand information about the consumer products, the transmitter adapted for wirelessly sending the information to a receiver located remote from the one consumer product and operated by a potential consumer of another of the plurality of consumer products. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the receiver is one of: a cellular telephone, a smart phone, a handheld personal communication system unit, a personal data assistant, a portable music player, a portable game device, a point of sale device, a room monitor, a laptop, a mobile Internet device, a personal computer, a server, meter, a base station, and a security station. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the information comprises at least one of: a name of the manufacture of the products, a name of the brand owner of the products, a name of a seller of the one product, a name of an owner of the one product, a name of a user of the one product, a website address related to the products, information about a use of the one product, a status of the one product, a time of use of the one product, the length of use of the one product, a place of use of the one product; a performance metric of the one product; and an environmental metric for the one product. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the transmitter continuously transmits the information for a period of time. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the transmitter transmits the information in response to a query from the receiver. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the information comprises a plurality of portions, the transmitter continuously transmits a first portion of information for a period of time, and the transmitter transmits a second portion of information after receiving a query from the receiver. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the information comprises a plurality of portions, the transmitter transmits a first portion information after receiving a first query from the receiver, and the transmitter transmits a second portion of information after receiving a second query from the receiver. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the information comprises a plurality of portions, and at least one portion is owned by one entity of a plurality of entities consisting of: a brand owner of the products, a seller of the one product, and a user of the one product; wherein the portion owned by one entity cannot be changed by another entity. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the information comprises a plurality of portions, and the transmitter is operative to send the portions to the receiver based on an identity of the receiver. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein a level of familiarity of a user of the receiver with respect to user of the transmitter is used to determine which portions of the information are provided to the receiver. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein a user of the transmitter controls the operation of the transmitter. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the information is used to determine authenticity of the product. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein the transmitter comprises at least one of a power connection, a power storage device, and a power generating device. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the power storage device is one of a battery and a capacitor. 15. The system of claim 13, wherein the power generating device is one of: a solar panel, an infrared solar panel, a thermocouple, a kinetic generator, a piezoelectric device, a solar device, a thermocouple device, kinetic a device, an ambient RF device, a directed RF device, a piezoelectric device, and a chemical device. 16. A system for wirelessly transmitting information comprising: a transmitter that is located on a consumer product, and includes a memory that stores information about the consumer product, the information including brand information about the consumer product, the transmitter adapted for wirelessly sending the information, which comprises a plurality of portions, the transmitter continuously transmitting a first portion of information for a period of time, the transmitter being adapted to transmit a second portion of information after receiving a query. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the information comprises at least one of: a name of the manufacture of the product, a name of the brand owner of the product, a name of a seller of the product, a name of an owner of the product, a name of a user of the product, a website address related to the product, information about a use of the product, a status of the product, a time of use of the product, the length of use of the product, a place of use of the product; a performance metric of the product; and an environmental metric for the product. 18. The system of claim 16, wherein the information is used to determine authenticity of the product. 19. A system for wirelessly transmitting information comprising: a receiver, which is located remote from a consumer product, and selectively wirelessly receives information from a transmitter located on the consumer product, the transmitter including a memory that stores brand information about the consumer product, the information including a plurality of portions, a first portion of information being received in response to a first query from the receiver, and a second portion of information being received after a second query from the receiver. 20. The system of claim 19, wherein the receiver is one of: a cellular telephone, a smart phone, a handheld personal communication system unit, a personal data assistant, a portable music player, a portable game device, a point of sale device, a room monitor, a laptop, a mobile Internet device, a personal computer, a server, meter, a base station, and a security station. 21. The system of claim 19, wherein the information comprises at least one of: a name of the manufacture of the product, a name of the brand owner of the product, a name of a seller of the product, a name of an owner of the product, a name of a user of the product, a website address related to the product, information about a use of the product, a status of the product, a time of use of the product, the length of use of the product, a place of use of the product; a performance metric of the product; and an environmental metric for the product. 22. The system of claim 19, wherein the information is used to determine authenticity of the product. 23. The system of claim 19, wherein the receiver, after receiving the information, connects with another entity that is remote from the receiver, and provides acknowledgement of the information to the another entity. 24. A method for wirelessly transmitting information comprising: storing in a memory, brand information about a consumer product, wherein the memory is located in the consumer product; transmitting the brand information from the consumer product, receiving a request for further information at the consumer product; and transmitting the further information from the consumer product after receiving the request. 25. The method of claim 24, further comprising: receiving the further information by a receiver that is located remote from the consumer product; using, by the receiver, the information to access a website with other information related to the consumer product. 26. The method of claim 24, wherein the receiver is one of: a cellular telephone, a smart phone, a handheld personal communication system unit, a personal data assistant, a portable music player, a portable game device, a point of sale device, a room monitor, a laptop, a mobile Internet device, a personal computer, a server, meter, a base station, and a security station. 27. A system for wirelessly transmitting information comprising: means for wirelessly transmitting information to a remote receiver, the transmitter means located on one consumer product of a plurality of consumer products, and storage means that stores information about the plurality of consumer products, wherein the information includes brand information about the consumer products. 28. A computer program product having a computer readable medium having computer program logic recorded thereon for transmitting information, the computer readable medium comprising: code for causing a computer to store the information, including brand information about a consumer product; code for causing a computer to transmit the information to a receiver located remote from the consumer product; and code for causing the computer to receive a request for further information from the receiver. 29. The computer program product of claim 28, wherein the further information comprises at least one of: a name of the manufacture of the product, a name of the brand owner of the product, a name of a seller of the product, a name of an owner of the product, a name of a user of the product, a website address related to the product, information about a use of the product, a status of the product, a time of use of the product, the length of use of the product, a place of use of the product; a performance metric of the product; and an environmental metric for the product. 