The portable advertising system of the present invention comprises a body having a first end and a display support, at least one universal attachment system adapted for securing the body to a vehicle proximate the first end, at least one exterior wall arranged to display an advertisement, and the display support securing an illumination source directed towards the at least one exterior wall. The at least one exterior wall and the illumination source may be integrated into an electronic display unit. The at least one exterior wall may also be an advertising sheet composed of vinyl and the illumination source may be a plurality of light emitting diodes. The portable advertising system may include a railroad car arranged to receive the at least one universal attachment system.
Claims 1. A portable advertising system comprising: a body having a first end and a display support; at least one universal attachment system adapted for securing the body to a vehicle proximate said first end; at least one exterior wall arranged to display an advertisement; and, said display support securing an illumination source directed towards said at least one exterior wall. 2. The portable advertising system of claim 1 wherein the at least one exterior wall and the illumination source are integrated into an electronic display unit. 3. The portable advertising system of claim 1 wherein the at least one exterior wall is an advertising sheet. 4. The portable advertising system of claim 3 further comprising a frame for supporting the advertising sheet and wherein the advertising sheet is flexible. 5. The portable advertising system of claim 3 further comprising: an advertising sheet tensioning system having a tension device; a tension sensor; and, wherein said tension device maintains a constant tension force throughout the advertising sheet and said tension sensor monitors the condition of the advertising sheet. 6. The portable advertising system of claim 1 further comprising: a vehicle body; and, wherein the body is a container having the universal attachment system and the vehicle body retains the container. 7. The portable advertising system of claim 1 wherein the illumination source is one of a plurality of light emitting diodes, an electronic display unit, a liquid crystalline display, and a plasma display. 8. The portable advertising system of claim 1 wherein the at least one exterior wall is two exterior walls arranged to display at least one advertisement. 9. The portable advertising system of claim 8 further comprising an internal cavity at least partially defined by the two exterior walls. 10. The portable advertising system of claim 1 further comprising at least one protective panel proximate the at least one exterior wall and opposite an interior cavity. 11. The portable advertising system of claim 10 wherein the at least one protective panel is secured around an axle and the at least one protective panel and axle are maintained in a rolled state when not in use. 12. The portable advertising system of claim 10 further comprising: a storage area; and, wherein the at least one protective panel is retained within the storage area when not in use. 13. The portable advertising system of claim 1 further comprising: a power generator; a photo cell; a global positioning sensor; and, wherein the generator provides electrical power, the photo cell at least partially controls the illumination source, and the global positioning sensor provides tracking information. 14. The portable advertising system of claim 10 wherein the generator is one of a diesel engine, a gasoline engine, and an array of solar panels. 15. The portable advertising system of claim 1 further comprising at least two portable advertising systems wherein the at least one universal attachment system of a first of the at least two portable advertising systems is stacked on top of the at least one universal attachment system of a second of the at least two portable advertising systems. 16. The portable advertising system of claim 1 further comprising: a railroad car having a plurality of wheels and a bed with at least one universal attachment system; and, the bed at least one universal attachment system is arranged to receive the body at least one universal attachment system. 17. The portable advertising system of claim 1 wherein the illumination source extends outside of the at least one exterior wall and directs illumination back towards the at least one exterior wall. 18. A method of portable advertising comprising the steps of: providing a display support within an interior cavity of a body having at least one universal attachment system on a portable container; powering an illumination source; displaying an advertisement on an advertising sheet; and, directing the illumination source towards said advertisement. 19. The method of claim 18 further comprising the step of removing the portable container and replacing the portable container on a railroad car. 20. The method of claim 18 further comprising the steps of: tensioning the advertising sheet; monitoring the tension in the advertising sheet; and, controlling the illumination source output based on the monitoring of the advertising sheet tension. 