A method of manufacturing a solar cell by providing a first substrate; depositing on a first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell including at least a top subcell and a bottom subcell; mounting a surrogate substrate on top of the sequence of layers adjacent to the bottom subcell; removing the first substrate to expose the surface of the top subcell; removing the surrogate substrate; and holding the solar cell on a vacuum chuck to support it for subsequent fabrication operations, such as attaching interconnects to the solar cells to form an interconnected array.
Claims 1. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell comprising an upper subcell, a middle subcell, and a lower subcell comprising: providing a first substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming an upper first solar subcell on said first substrate having a first band gap; forming a middle second solar subcell over said first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a graded interlayer over said second solar cell; forming a lower third solar subcell over said graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell, and including a metal contact layer; attaching a surrogate second substrate over said third solar subcell and removing said first substrate; and etching a first trough around the periphery of said solar cell to the metal contact layer so as to form a mesa structure on said surrogate second substrate and at least one bottom contact pad on said metal layer. 2. The method as defined in claim 1, further comprising etching a second trough around the periphery of said solar cell simultaneously with the etching of the first trough, wherein the second trough lies outside the periphery of the first trough. 3. The method as defined in claim 2, further comprising subsequently etching the second trough to the surface of the surrogate second substrate to facilitate the removal of the solar cell from the surrogate second substrate. 4. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein said contact pad is located along the longest edge of said solar cell. 5. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the contact metal layer is a sequence of layers including Ti/Au/Ag/Au. 6. The method as defined in claim 1, further comprising welding a metal interconnect to the contact pad. 7. The method as defined in claim 6, further comprising mounting a cover glass over said upper first subcell and said interconnect, said cover glass extending over said first trough around the periphery of the solar cell. 8. The method as defined in claim 7, further comprising mounting the solar cell on a vacuum chuck adjacent a second solar cell so that the bottom contact pad of the first cell is adjacent to and aligned with a top contact pad of the second solar cell. 9. The method as defined in claim 8, further comprising electrically interconnecting the bottom contact pad of the first solar cell with a top contact pad of the second solar cell by welding said interconnect to the top contact pad of the second solar cell. 10. A method of manufacturing a solar cell array comprising: providing a first substrate; depositing on a first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell including at least a top subcell and a bottom subcell; mounting a surrogate substrate on top of the sequence of layers adjacent to the bottom subcell; removing the first substrate to expose the surface of the top subcell; removing the surrogate substrate; and holding the solar cell in a vacuum chuck to support it for subsequent fabrication operations. 11. A method as defined in claim 10, wherein the solar cell includes metal contacts, and further comprising assembling a plurality of solar cells on the vacuum chuck. 12. A method as defined in claim 11, further comprising attaching interconnects to an electrode on each of the solar cells. 13. A method as defined in claim 12, further comprising attaching the interconnects from one solar cell to respective electrodes on an adjacent solar cell. 14. A method as defined in claim 13, further comprising attaching a cover glass to said solar cell. 15. A method as defined in claim 14, further comprising mounting said solar cell on a flexible film. 16. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 10, wherein depositing a sequence of layers comprises: forming a first subcell comprising a first semiconductor material with a first band gap and a first lattice constant; forming a second subcell comprising a second semiconductor material with a second band gap and a second lattice constant, wherein the second band gap is less than the first band gap and the second lattice constant is greater than the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant; and forming a lattice constant transition material positioned between the first subcell and the second subcell, said lattice constant transition material having a lattice constant that changes gradually from the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant. 17. A method as defined in claim 16, wherein said transition material is composed of any of the As P, N, Sb based II-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the first subcell and less than or equal to that of the second subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the second subcell, and the band gap of the transition material remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV throughout its thickness. 18. A method as defined in claim 16, wherein the transition material is composed of a sequence of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-y).sub.y Al.sub.1-yAs layers, with x and y selected such that the band gap of each layer remains constant throughout the thickness of the transition material. 19. A method as defined in claim 16, wherein said first subcell is composed of an GaInP, GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and an GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region, and the second subcell is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter regions. 20. A method as defined in claim 16, wherein the solar cell array is removed from the vacuum chuck, turned upside down, reattached to the vacuum chuck, and the backside of the solar cell array attached to a flexible film. 