A method of forming a multijunction solar cell string by providing a first multijunction solar cell including a contact pad disposed adjacent the top surface of the multijunction solar cell along a first peripheral edge thereof; providing a second multijunction solar cell disposed adjacent said first multijunction solar cell, having a top surface and a bottom surface, and including a cut-out extending from a second peripheral edge along the top surface of the second solar cell located adjacent the first peripheral edge of said first multijunction solar cell, and extending to a metal contact layer adjacent the bottom surface of said second multijunction solar cell to allow an electrical contact to be made to the metal contact layer; mounting said first and said second multijunction solar cells on a first side of a perforated carrier; attaching a first electrical interconnect to the contact pad of said first multijunction solar cell, the electrical interconnect extending through said perforated carrier; attaching a second electrical interconnect to the metal contact layer of said second multijunction solar cell, the electrical interconnect extending through said perforated carrier; and connecting said first electrical interconnect to said second electrical interconnect.
Claims 1. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell string comprising: providing a first multijunction solar cell including a contact pad disposed adjacent the top surface of the multijunction solar cell along a first peripheral edge thereof; providing a second multijunction solar cell disposed adjacent said first multijunction solar cell, having a top surface and a bottom surface, and including a cut-out extending from a second peripheral edge along the top surface of the second solar cell located adjacent the first peripheral edge of said first multijunction solar cell, and extending to a metal contact layer adjacent the bottom surface of said second multijunction solar cell to allow an electrical contact to be made to the metal contact layer; mounting said first and said second multijunction solar cells on a first side of a perforated carrier; attaching a first electrical interconnect to the contact pad of said first multijunction solar cell, a portion of the electrical interconnect extending through said perforated carrier; attaching a second electrical interconnect to the metal contact layer of said second multijunction solar cell, a portion of the electrical interconnect extending through said perforated carrier; mounting a cover glass over each of said first and said second multijunction solar cells; and connecting said first electrical interconnect to said second electrical interconnect. 2. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell string as defined in claim 1, wherein said portion of the first electrical interconnect extending through said perforated carrier is connected to the respective portion of the second electrical interconnect extending through said perforated carrier by welding. 3. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell string of claim 1, wherein the number of cut-outs of said second multijunction solar cell is equal to the number of contact pads of said first multijunction solar cell, and the spacing of such cut-outs is substantially similar to the spacing of the contact pads along the respective second and first peripheral edges to facilitate the electrical interconnection of the contact pads on said first multijunction solar cell by a plurality of electrical interconnects. 4. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell string of claim 1, wherein the perforated carrier is composed of a flexible composite material. 5. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell string of claim 1, wherein the perforated carrier is composed of an UltraFlex.TM. mesh. 6. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell string of claim 1, wherein the perforated carrier has perforations that are approximately square in shape and approximately 0.25 cm in width. 7. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell string of claim 1, farther comprising attaching a discrete bypass diode to the second side of the perforated carrier, and electrically connecting the respective terminals of the bypass diode to the terminals of the corresponding solar cell on the first side of the perforated carrier. 8. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell string of claim 1, wherein the electrical interconnects are discrete planar metal strips welded to the contact pad on the first multijunction solar cell and to the metal layer on the second multijunction solar cell. 9. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell string of claim 1, wherein providing a first multijunction solar cell comprises: providing a first substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming an upper first solar subcell on said first substrate having a first band gap; forming a middle second solar subcell over said first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a graded interlayer over said second solar cell; forming a lower third solar subcell over said graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell, and including a metal contact layer; attaching a surrogate second substrate over said third solar subcell and removing said first substrate; and etching a first trough around the periphery of said solar cell to the metal contact layer so as to form a mesa structure on said surrogate second substrate and at least one bottom contact pad on said metal layer. 10. The method as defined in claim 10, wherein the contact metal layer is a sequence of metal layers including Ti/Au/Ag/Au. 11. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 10, wherein providing a first multijunction solar cell comprises: forming a first subcell comprising a first semiconductor material with a first band gap and a first lattice constant; forming a second subcell comprising a second semiconductor material with a second band gap and a second lattice constant, wherein the second band gap is less than the first band gap and the second lattice constant is greater than the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant; and forming a lattice constant transition material positioned between the first subcell and the second subcell, said lattice constant transition material having a lattice constant that changes gradually from the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant. 12. A method as defined in claim 11, wherein said transition material is composed of any of the As P, N, Sb based II-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the first subcell and less than or equal to that of the second subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the second subcell, and the band gap of the transition material remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV throughout its thickness. 13. A method as defined in claim 11, wherein the transition material is composed of a sequence of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAl.sub.1-yAs layers, with x and y selected such that the band gap of each layer remains constant throughout the thickness of the transition material. 14. A method as defined in claim 11, wherein said first subcell is composed of an GaInP, GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and an GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region, and the second subcell is composed of InGaAs base and emitter regions. 15. A multijunction solar cell comprising: an upper first solar subcell having a first band gap disposed adjacent the top surface of the multijunction solar cell; a middle second solar subcell adjacent to said first solar subcell and having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; a graded interlayer adjacent to said second solar subcell; said graded interlayer having a third band gap greater than said second band gap; and a bottom third solar subcell adjacent to said interlayer, said bottom subcell having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell; a metal contact layer adjacent to said third solar subcell for making an electrical contact thereto; a cut-out extending from a peripheral edge along the top surface of the solar cell to the metal contact layer to allow an electrical contact to be made to the bottom subcell from the top surface of the solar cell; and a perforated carrier supporting the multijunction solar cell. 16. A multijunction solar cell string of claim 15, wherein the perforated carrier is composed of a flexible composite material. 17. A multijunction solar cell of claim 15, wherein the perforated carrier is composed of an UltraFlex.TM. mesh. 18. The multijunction solar cell of claim 15, wherein the graded interlayer is compositionally graded to lattice match the middle subcell on one side and the bottom subcell on the other side and is composed of any of the As, P. N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the middle subcell and less than or equal to that of the bottom subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the middle subcell. 19. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 15, further comprising a discrete bypass diode mounted on the second side of the perforated carrier, with the respective terminals of the bypass diode being connected to the terminals of the corresponding solar cell on the first side of the perforated carrier. 20. A multijunction solar cell string comprising: a first multijunction solar cell including a contact pad disposed adjacent the top surface of the multijunction solar cell along a first peripheral edge thereof; a second multijunction solar cell disposed adjacent said first multijunction solar cell, having a top surface and a bottom surface, and including a cut-out extending from a second peripheral edge along the top surface of the second solar cell located adjacent the first peripheral edge of said first multijunction solar cell, and extending to a metal contact layer adjacent the bottom surface of said second multijunction solar cell to allow an electrical contact to be made to the metal contact layer; a perforated carrier having a first side supporting the first and second multijunction solar cells; first and second discrete bypass diodes mounted on the second side of the perforated carrier, each diode having first and second terminals; and an electrical interconnect extending at least between the contact pad of said first multijunction solar cell and the corresponding terminal of the first bypass diode through the perforated carrier. 