A security system with an internal chargeable power source is provided. The chargeable power source may be charged using techniques that may reduce dependence on external power sources. Such a security system may therefore be suitable for a wide range of applications including those with no readily available external power sources. For some embodiments, the security system generally includes surveillance equipment, a battery powering the surveillance equipment, a diesel engine-generator set (gen-set) for charging the battery, and control logic configured to control the charging of the battery by the diesel gen-set based on the output voltage of the battery.
Claims 1. An apparatus for surveillance, comprising: surveillance equipment mounted on a pole; a chargeable power supply for providing power to the surveillance equipment; a charging power supply configured to charge the chargeable power supply; and control logic configured to control charging of the chargeable power supply by the charging power supply based on a detected parameter of the chargeable power supply. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the pole is a telescoping pole. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising a winch for raising or lowering the telescoping pole. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the pole is removable. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the pole is coupled to a hinge mechanism. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the hinge mechanism allows for rotation of the pole between an approximately upright position and an approximately prone position. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the parameter comprises a voltage. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the control logic is configured to initiate charging of the chargeable power supply by the charging power supply when the voltage falls below a first threshold. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the control logic is configured to terminate charging of the chargeable power supply when the voltage of the chargeable power supply rises above a second threshold, wherein the second threshold is greater than or equal to the first threshold. 10. The apparatus of claim 7, further comprising a digital voltmeter for monitoring the voltage of the chargeable power supply. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the charging power supply comprises a diesel engine-generator set (gen-set), a gasoline gen-set, a gas engine generator (GEG), or a solar cell. 12. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the chargeable power supply comprises a rechargeable battery. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the surveillance equipment comprises at least one of a camera, a motion sensor, an infrared (IR) sensor, a laser, a light, and an alarm. 14. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a video processing unit for receiving, processing, and/or storing images from the surveillance equipment. 15. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising means for transporting the apparatus. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the means for transporting comprises a trailer assembly with wheels. 17. An apparatus for surveillance, comprising: surveillance equipment; a battery for powering the surveillance equipment; an alternator for charging the battery; a diesel engine for driving the alternator; and control logic configured to control charging of the battery by the diesel engine and the alternator based on a voltage of the battery. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the surveillance equipment is mounted on a pole. 19. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the pole is a telescoping pole. 20. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the diesel engine comprises a single-cylinder diesel engine. 21. The apparatus of claim 17, further comprising a fuel tank for supplying fuel to the diesel engine. 22. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the battery comprises a rechargeable gel battery. 23. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the battery comprises an absorbent glass mat (AGM) lead-acid battery. 24. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the surveillance equipment comprises at least one of a camera, a motion sensor, an infrared (IR) sensor, a laser, a light, and an alarm. 25. A method for powering a surveillance apparatus, comprising: monitoring a voltage of a chargeable power source supplying power to surveillance equipment; initiating charging of the chargeable power source with a charging power source when a voltage of the chargeable power source falls below a first threshold; and terminating charging of the chargeable power source when the voltage rises above a second threshold, wherein the second threshold is greater than or equal to the first threshold. 