A multijunction solar cell including an upper first solar subcell having a first band gap; a middle second solar subcell adjacent to the first solar subcell and having a second band gap smaller than the first band gap, and having a base layer and an emitter layer, a graded interlayer adjacent to the second solar subcell; the graded interlayer having a third band gap greater than said second band gap; a third solar subcell adjacent to the interlayer, the third subcell having a fourth band gap smaller than the second band gap such that the third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to the second subcell; and a distributed Bragg reflector (DBR) adjacent the second or third subcell.
Claims 1. A multifunction solar cell comprising: an upper first solar subcell having a first band gap; a middle second solar subcell adjacent to said first solar subcell and having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap, and having a base layer and an emitter layer, a graded interlayer adjacent to said second solar subcell; said graded interlayer having a third band gap greater than said second band gap; a third solar subcell adjacent to said interlayer, said third subcell having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell; and a distributed Bragg reflector (DBR) layer adjacent the second or third subcell. 2. The multifunction solar cell of claim 1, wherein the distributed Bragg reflector layer is composed of a plurality of alternating layers of lattice matched materials with discontinuities in their respective indices of refraction. 3. The multifunction solar cell of claim 2, wherein the difference in refractive indices between alternating layers is maximized in order to minimize the number of periods required to achieve a given reflectivity. The thickness and refractive index of each period determines the stop band and its limiting wavelength. 4. The multijunction solar cell of claim 2, wherein the DBR layer includes a first DBR layer composed of a plurality of p type Al.sub.xGa.sub.1-xAs layers. 5. The multijunction solar cell of claim 2, further comprising a second DBR layer disposed over the first DBR layer and composed of a plurality of p type Al.sub.yGa.sub.1-yAs layers, where y is greater than x. 6. The multijunction solar cell of claim 1, wherein the graded interlayer is compositionally graded to lattice match the middle subcell on one side and the bottom subcell on the other side. 7. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein said graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, P. N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the middle subcell and less than or equal to that of the bottom subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the middle subcell. 8. The multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAl.sub.1-yAs, with x and y selected such that the band gap of the interlayer material remains constant throughout its thickness. 9. The multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the upper subcell is composed of InGa(Al)P. 10. A multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the middle subcell is composed of an InGaP emitter layer and a GaAs or In.sub.0.015GaAs base layer. 11. A multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the bottom solar subcell is composed of an InGaAs base layer and an InGaP emitter layer that is lattice matched to the base layer. 12. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the lower subcell has a band gap in the range of approximately 0.8 to 1.2 eV, the middle subcell has a band gap in the range of approximately 1.2 to 1.6 eV, and the upper subcell is disposed over and is lattice matched to the middle subcell, and has a band gap in the range of 1.8 to 2.1 eV. 13. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first substrate; depositing on a first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell including at least one distributed Bragg reflector layer; mounting and bonding a surrogate substrate on top of the sequence of layers; and removing the first substrate. 14. A method of forming a multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 13, wherein the distributed Bragg reflector layer is composed of a plurality of alternating layers of lattice matched materials with discontinuities in their respective indices of refraction. 15. A method of forming a multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 13, wherein the DBR layer includes a first DBR layer composed of p type Al.sub.xGa.sub.1-xAs and a second directly adjacent DBR layer disposed over the first DBR layer and composed of p type Al.sub.yGa.sub.1-yAs, where y is greater than x. 16. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 13, wherein the surrogate substrate is composed of sapphire or silicon. 17. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 13, wherein the depositing a sequence of layers comprises: forming a first subcell comprising a first semiconductor material with a first band gap and a first lattice constant; forming a second subcell comprising a second semiconductor material with a second band gap and a second lattice constant, wherein the second band gap is less than the first band gap and the second lattice constant is greater than the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant: and forming a lattice constant transition material positioned between the first subcell and the second subcell, said lattice constant transition material having a lattice constant that changes gradually from the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant. 18. A method as defined in claim 17, wherein said transition material is composed of any of the As P, N, Sb based II-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the first subcell and less than or equal to that of the second subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the second subcell, and the band gap of the transition material remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV throughout its thickness. 19. A method as defined in claim 14, wherein the transition materials is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAl.sub.1-yAs with x and y selected such that the band gap of each interlayer remains constant throughout its thickness. 20. A method as defined in claim 13, wherein the solar cell includes a first subcell composed of an GaInP, GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and an GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region, and a second subcell composed of an InGaAs base and emitter regions. 21. A method as defined in claim 13, wherein the solar cell further comprises a third subcell is composed of an InGaP emitter layer and an InGaAs base layer. 22. A method as defined in claim 13, wherein the first substrate is composed of gallium arsenide or germanium. 23. A method as defined in claim 13, wherein the first substrate is removed by grinding, lapping, or etching. 24. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell including an upper subcell, a middle subcell, and a lower subcell comprising: providing a first substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming an upper first solar subcell on said first substrate having a first band gap; forming a middle second solar subcell over said first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap and including at least one distributed Bragg reflector layer; forming a graded interlayer over said second solar cell; forming a lower third solar subcell over said graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell; mounting a surrogate second substrate over said third solar subcell; and removing said first substrate. 25. A method as defined in claim 24, wherein the upper subcell is composed of InGa(Al)P. 26. The method as defined in claim 24, wherein the middle subcell is composed of an GaAs, GaInP, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and a GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 27. The method as defined in claim 24, wherein the lower solar subcell is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter layer, or a InGaAs base layer and a InGaP emitter layer. 28. The method as defined as claim 24, wherein the graded interlayer is compositionally graded to lattice match the middle subcell on one side and the lower subcell on the other side, and is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAl.sub.1-yAs with x and y selected such that the band gap of the interlayer remains constant throughout its thickness and greater than said second band gap. 29. The method as defined in claim 26, wherein the graded interlayer has approximately a 1.5 eV band gap throughout its thickness. 30. The method as defined in claim 24, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the second solar cell and less than or equal to that of the third solar cell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the second solar cell. 