A unitized electrical generating and storage system is herein described that combines up to three sources, hydroelectric, solar and wind, of that can produce electric power. This invention encompasses an enclosed housing structure that securely and efficiently integrates multiple power generating technologies and electrical storage capacity into a single platform assembly or unit that is easy to install and implement. It can be applied to a variety of applications and locations where conventional utility power or a single renewable energy source can not be reasonably incorporated. This invention is designed to address the electrical needs of remote sites or locations where other power supply facilities or means are non-existent or difficult to impossible to implement and creates more aesthetic power generating equipment to sites along highways, roads, parks, golf courses, rivers, lakes and reservoirs. It also provides an ecological alternative to other less environmentally friendly power generating or supply options.
Claims 1. A unitized electric generator and storage system assembly apparatus is provided that produces and stores electric energy derived from renewal sources that comprises: an electrical energy generating means; a housing apparatus chassis comprising a mounting base structure, a removable protective covering shroud with interior and exterior portions, a mounting chassis structure having wall sections connecting to and perpendicular to said shroud, and at least one sealable opening that permits exterior to interior physical access of componentry contained internally to said housing apparatus chassis and where said electrical energy generating means are located therein or thereupon said chassis; and, a mounting apparatus, contained internally onto said mounting chassis structure, having a location to attach controls for said electrical energy generating means, routed electrical cabling to convey electricity and data from one point within said housing to another and to said housing exterior, at least one location for at least one capacitive electrical energy storage device, at least one location for at least one electronic control apparatus and circuitry that monitors sensor inputs and said control apparatus capable of performing preprogrammed automated control outputs. 2. A unitized electric generator and storage system assembly apparatus is provided that produces and stores electric energy derived from renewal sources as in claim 1 wherein said housing apparatus chassis is a vault box structure that includes a base portion connected to vertical wall surfaces, a sealable top cover which is located atop and above the said vault vertical walls, establishing a covered interior and open air volumetric space within said vault and wherein said top is further positioned above the exterior surrounding grade or ground surface level. 3. A unitized electric generator and storage system assembly apparatus is provided that produces and stores electric energy derived from renewal sources as in claim 2 wherein said base portion does not possess a separate bottom portion but uses available soil or other porous natural materials such as sand, gravel or rock as said base portion, said vertical wall surfaces and said top cover positioned directly onto said soil. 4. A unitized electric generator and storage system assembly apparatus is provided that produces and stores electric energy derived from renewal sources as in claim 1 where said electrical energy generating means are selected from a group consisting of a hydroelectric turbine generator system, a photovoltaic collection panel of solar energy, or atmospheric wind blown energy or combinations of at least two of thereof means, whereby said hydroelectric turbine generator system utilizes fluid flowing through an enclosed pipe under hydraulic pressure providing energy which turns the turbine that makes the production of electric voltage and current, and whereby said photovoltaic collection panels convert sun or light energy into electricity and whereby said atmospheric wind blown energy is collected using a wind turbine generator device that converts wind energy or atmospheric movement and subsequent pressure that turns a series of blades or propellers which rotate on a shaft that converts rotational energy into electricity. 5. A unitized electric generator and storage system assembly apparatus is provided that produces and stores electric energy derived from renewal sources as in claim 1 wherein said housing is positioned in close proximity to at least one pipe line that contains a fluid that flows under hydraulic pressure, and wherein said pipe line is in physical connection to said hydroelectric turbine generator device contained within said housing. 6. A unitized electric generator and storage system assembly apparatus is provided that produces and stores electric energy derived from renewal sources as in claim 5 wherein at least one control valve and flow and pressure sensors are in physical connection with said pipe line and in electrical connection within said electronic control apparatus. 7. A unitized electric generator and storage system assembly apparatus is provided that produces and stores electric energy derived from renewal sources as in claim 1 where said removable protective covering shroud includes a structure that serves as a mounting apparatus for said photovoltaic energy generating means and a shielding cover that is positioned onto the exterior of said protective covering shroud and is in physical connection therewith as an integrated, adapted and removable part of said removable protective covering shroud. 8. A unitized electric generator and storage system assembly apparatus is provided that produces and stores electric energy derived from renewal sources as in claim 5 wherein connection is made between said fluid flow pipe line and said hydroelectric turbine, inlet and outlet discharge sections, through the use of pipe unions, slip or threaded couplings, compression couplings, hoses, quick connect or disconnect couplings or any other device, proprietary or otherwise, that can be used to connect pipes together to form a sealed joint that prohibits interior fluid from escaping to the exterior, and all contained with said housing chassis structure. 9. A unitized electric generator and storage system assembly apparatus is provided that produces electric energy derived from a combination of power generating means as in claim 7 wherein said removable protective covering shroud is adapted to serve as said chassis housing structure to affix or mount at least one photovoltaic energy generating panel, and further provides for secure and protected attachment of the same, said panel electrically connected to said electronic control apparatus. 10. A unitized electric generator and storage system assembly apparatus is provided that produces electric energy derived from a combination of power generating means as in claim 1 wherein at least one mast and cabling are attached to said exterior portion of said mounting chassis structure that is designed to removeably attach said mast, said mast having an proximal portion and a distal portion. 11. A unitized electric generator and storage system assembly apparatus is provided that produces electric energy derived from a combination of power generating means as in claim 10; wherein said mast and cabling provide a means to attach at least one atmospheric wind turbine electrical energy generator to distal portion of said mast. 12. A unitized electric generator and storage system assembly apparatus is provided that produces electric energy derived from a combination of power generating means as in claim 10; wherein said mast and cabling provide a means to attach at least one solar panel, at least one atmospheric wind turbine generator, and at least one atmospheric sensor to distal portion of said mast. 13. A unitized electric generator and storage system assembly apparatus is provided that produces electric energy derived from a combination of power generating means as in claim 10; wherein said mast is attached to said housing using multiple detachable mounting points, and a single pivot point located at the proximal portion of said mast, said pivot allowing said mast to be erected vertically for normal operation and lowered to provide for servicing. 14. A unitized electric generator and storage system assembly apparatus is provided that produces electric energy derived from a combination of power generating means as in claim 1 wherein said electronic control apparatus consists of a digital processor, digital and analog circuitry and components that perform automated monitoring and control of critical functions of said electrical energy generating means, interior and exterior ambient temperatures, capacitive electrical energy storage device, output voltage and current load demand of facilities, devices or equipment consuming energy supplied by said unitized electric generator and storage system assembly apparatus, said electronic control apparatus are connected using wires or are connected wirelessly. 15. A unitized electric generator and storage system assembly apparatus is provided that produces electric energy derived from a combination of power generating means as in claim 1 wherein said housing assembly can be adapted to accommodate the addition and integration of additional housing sections. 