A solar LED lamp assembly includes a bracket, an LED lamp mounted on a bottom end of the bracket, a solar panel assembly slantwise mounted on a top end of the bracket and electronically connecting the LED lamp, and a reflector sandwiched between the solar panel assembly and the top end of the bracket and oriented towards the LED lamp. The LED lamp includes a heat sink and a printed circuit board mounted with a plurality of LED modules thereon and received in the heat sink.
Claims 1. A solar LED lamp assembly for lighting purpose comprising: a bracket; an LED lamp mounted on a bottom end of the bracket, the LED lamp comprising a heat sink and a printed circuit board mounted with a plurality of LED modules thereon and received in the heat sink; a solar panel assembly slantwise mounted on a top end of the bracket and electronically connecting the LED lamp; and a reflector sandwiched between the solar panel assembly and the top end of the bracket and oriented towards the LED lamp. 2. The solar LED lamp assembly of claim 1, wherein the reflector comprises an arc-shaped first reflecting portion and an arc-shaped second reflecting portion extending upwardly and slantwise from an edge of the first reflecting portion, the first and second reflecting portions facing downwardly toward the LED lamp and outwardly towards opposite directions. 3. The solar LED lamp assembly of claim 2, wherein an area of the first reflecting portion is smaller than that of the second reflecting portion. 4. The solar LED lamp assembly of claim 3, wherein the reflector has a V-shaped configuration. 5. The solar LED lamp assembly of claim 1, wherein the bracket comprises a mounting portion, a pair of first supporting arms and a pair of second supporting arms extending slantwise and upwardly from opposite ends of the mounting portion, the LED lamp being mounted on a top of the mounting portion, the reflector and the solar panel assembly mounted on tops of the first and second supporting arms. 6. The solar LED lamp assembly of claim 5, wherein a length of each of the second supporting arms is longer than that of each of the first supporting arms, and a height of the second supporting arms is larger than that of the first supporting arms, the solar panel assembly being orient upwardly and slantwise towards a lateral side of the bracket. 7. The solar LED lamp assembly of claim 6, wherein the first supporting arms are spaced from each other, and wherein an elongated first connecting portion is mounted on top ends of the first supporting arms to connect the first supporting arms together. 8. The solar LED lamp assembly of claim 6, wherein the second supporting arms are spaced from each other, and wherein an elongated second connecting portion is mounted on top ends of the second supporting arms to connect the second supporting arms together. 9. The solar LED lamp assembly of claim 1, wherein a reflecting member with a plurality of receiving holes for the LED modules covers the printed circuit board and receives the LED modules in the receiving holes thereof. 0. The solar LED lamp assembly of claim 9, wherein a thermally conductive plate is sandwiched between the heat sink and the printed circuit board. 