Provided are an apparatus and method for monitoring a health index using an electroconductive fiber. In the apparatus, a bio signal acquiring unit measures a bio signal using an electroconductive fiber which is worn around a part of a user's body and in which a resistance is varied according to a user's body volume or body temperature. A health index acquiring unit analyzes the bio signal to acquire a health index. A health index notifying unit notifies the health index. Accordingly, the health index can be easily monitored without limitations on the user's behavior.
Claims 1. An apparatus for monitoring a health index using an electroconductive fiber, the apparatus comprising: a bio signal acquiring unit measuring a bio signal using an electroconductive fiber which is worn around a part of a user's body and of which resistance is varied according to a user's body volume or body temperature; a health index acquiring unit analyzing the bio signal to acquire a health index; and a health index notifying unit notifying the health index. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the bio signal contains information about one or more of pulse frequency, electrocardiogram, respiration rate, and body temperature. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein: when the electroconductive fiber is worn around a wrist, the bio signal contains information about the pulse frequency, when the electroconductive fiber is worn around a chest where a heart is located, the bio signal contains information about the electrocardiogram, when the electroconductive fiber is worn around an abdomen between a solar plexus where diaphragm is located and a navel, the bio signal contains information about the electrocardiogram, and when the electroconductive fiber is worn around an abdomen or an armpit that is least affected by an exterior temperature, the bio signal contains information about the body temperature. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the electroconductive fiber is implemented in a band type to surround a part of the user's body or in a garment type woven together with cloth. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein, when the electroconductive fiber is implemented in the band type or the garment type, the electroconductive fiber is arranged in a spiral shape. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the electroconductive fiber is implemented in an attachment type that is attachable to a cloth. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein, when the electroconductive fiber is implemented in the attachment type, the electroconductive fiber is arranged in a zigzag shape. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the bio signal acquiring unit comprises: a signal detecting unit outputting an analog signal having a voltage corresponding to the resistance of the electroconductive fiber; a bio signal converting unit converting the analog signal into a digital bio signal; and a bio signal transmitting unit transmitting the digital bio signal to the health index acquiring unit. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the signal detecting unit comprises: a voltage provider generating a voltage necessary for detection of the bio signal; and a voltage division circuit dividing the voltage according to the resistance of the electroconductive fiber and generating an analog signal having a voltage corresponding to the resistance of the electroconductive fiber. 10. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the bio signal acquiring unit further comprises a bio signal displaying unit outputting the bio signal in image and/or sound form. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the health index acquiring unit comprises: a bio signal receiving unit receiving the bio signal transmitted from the bio signal acquiring unit; a health index generating unit analyzing the bio signal to acquire the health index; and a health index outputting unit outputting the health index to the health index notifying unit. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the health index generating unit generates the health index by analyzing the bio signal according to a bio signal analysis standard previously defined by kinds of the health index. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the health index notifying unit comprises: an image outputting unit outputting an image corresponding to the health index; a sound outputting unit outputting a sound corresponding to the health index; and a communication unit connecting to a server located in an external network to provide the health index to the server. 14. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the bio signal acquiring unit, the health index acquiring unit, and the health index notifying unit perform a communication, based on one of a cable communication, a wireless communication, and an infrared communication. 15. A method for monitoring health index using an electroconductive fiber, the method comprising: measuring a bio signal using an electroconductive fiber which is worn around a part of a user's body and of which resistance is varied according to a user's body volume or body temperature; analyzing the bio signal to acquire a health index; and notifying the health index to the user. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the bio signal contains information about one or more of pulse frequency, electrocardiogram, respiration rate, and body temperature. 