A hybrid installation for providing electric energy from regenerative energy sources, comprising a biogas installation that provides electric energy, and at least one additional energy converter, which provides electric energy and whose releasable power is depending of external influence factors, of the wind supply and/or the sun irradiation in particular, wherein the electric energy of the biogas installation and the electric energy of the at least one additional energy converter are fed into a common mains grid, characterised in that the biogas installation features a gas turbine with an electric generator which is operated by the biogas produced in the biogas installation, and whose waste heat can be supplied to the biogas installation via a heat exchanger.
Claims 1. A hybrid installation for providing electric energy from regenerative energy sources, comprising a biogas installation that provides electric energy, and at least one additional energy converter (64, 66), which provides electric energy and whose releasable power is depending of external influence factors, of the wind supply and/or the sun irradiation in particular, wherein the electric energy of the biogas installation and the electric energy of the at least one additional energy converter are fed into a common mains grid (76), characterised in that the biogas installation features a gas turbine (60) with an electric generator (62) which is operated by the biogas produced in the biogas installation, and whose waste heat can be supplied to the biogas installation via a heat exchanger (20), wherein a control element (86) is provided which controls the gas turbine 60 in dependence of an internally or externally given desired value (98) for the electric power of the hybrid installation and in dependence of an additional internally or externally given desired value (100) for the thermal power of the hybrid installation. 2. A hybrid installation according to claim 1, characterised in that the biogas installation features a gas tank (14) for storing biogas. 3. A hybrid installation according to claim 1, characterised in that the gas turbine is a micro gas turbine (60) with an electric power of 100 kW or less. 4. A hybrid installation according to claim 1, characterised in that the overall electric power of the at least one additional energy converter (64, 66) is at maximum 50% of the electric power of the gas turbine (60). 5. A hybrid installation according to claim 1, characterised in that one of the at least one additional energy converters is a wind energy installation (66). 6. A hybrid installation according to claim 1, characterised in that one of the at least one additional energy converters is a photovoltaic installation (64). 7. A hybrid installation according to claim 1, characterised in that several additional energy converters (64, 66) are provided which use different regenerative energy sources. 8. A hybrid installation according to claim 1, characterised in that the additional energy converters are connected to a common DC circuit (18) or to a common AC circuit. 9. A hybrid installation according to claim 8, characterised in that the common DC circuit (18) or the common AC circuit, respectively, are connected to an electric energy storage device (20). 10. A hybrid installation according to claim 8, characterised in that an inverter (22) converts electric energy from the common DC circuit (18) into AC voltage and feeds it into the mains grid (76). 11. A hybrid installation according to claim 8, characterised in that the electric energy from the common DC circuit is fed into the mains grid (76) via a transformer. 12. A hybrid installation according to claim 1, characterised in that the heat exchanger (26) is connected to a heat accumulator (82) via first thermal transfer fluid circuit (28). 13. A hybrid installation according to claim 12, characterised in that the heat of the heat accumulator (82) can be extracted via a second thermal transfer fluid circuit (46). 14. A hybrid installation according to claim 12, characterised in that the biogas installation features a digester (10), which is equipped with a heating circle (32) that can be connected with the first thermal transfer fluid circuit (28) via a valve arrangement (30). 15. A hybrid installation according to claim 1, characterised in that the heat accumulator (82) features a heater element (48), which can be operated with electric energy from the at least one additional energy converter (64, 66). 16. (canceled) 17. A hybrid installation according to claim 15, characterised in that the control element (86) acquires the electric power of the generator (62) of the gas turbine and/or the electric power of each one of the at least one additional energy converters (64, 66) and/or the thermal power extracted from the heat accumulator (82). 18. A hybrid installation according to claim 15, characterised in that the control element (86) controls the electric power of one of the at least one additional energy converters (64, 66). 19. A hybrid installation according to claim 1, characterised in that the at least one additional energy converter (64, 66) and the biogas installation can be upgraded in a modular way. 20. A hybrid installation according to claim 1, characterised in that a gas treatment installation is provided and treated biogas is fed into a mains grid for gas. 21. A hybrid installation according to claim 20, characterised in that only a part of the produced biogas is utilised as a fuel for the gas turbine (60), wherein this part is dimensioned such that the electric and/or thermal energy provided by the hybrid installation is sufficient for the autonomous operation of the gas treatment installation. 22. A hybrid installation according to claim 20, characterised in that the biogas installation provides substantially more biogas than is required for the autonomous operation of the gas treatment installation. 23. A hybrid installation according to claim 20, characterised in that gas in a fuel- or thermal equivalent to the biogas that is fed is extracted from the gas mains grid at an arbitrary other location, and is supplied to a gas turbine or an internal combustion engine or to a gas extraction station there. 24. A hybrid installation according to claim 1, characterised in that the biogas installation features a fixed-film digester. 