A thermal cycling apparatus 9 and process includes at least one reaction vessel 14 which is associated with a thermoelectric cooler 12 (TEC), such as a Peltier cell, and arranged to provide both heating and cooling of the reaction vessel. A first side of the TEC 12 is associated with the at least one reaction vessel 14 and a second side of the TEC is arranged in use to be maintained at a temperature intermediate the highest temperature and the lowest temperature used in a thermal cycling operation. Electric current is supplied to the TEC 12 in one direction whereby the said first side becomes hotter than the second side, and then in the other direction whereby the first side becomes cooler than the second side.
Claims 1. A thermal cycling apparatus comprising at least one reaction vessel and a thermoelectric cooler (TEC) arranged to provide both heating and cooling of the at least one reaction vessel. 2. Apparatus for conducting biological, chemical and biochemical processes comprising at least one reaction vessel arranged to be directly heated by a thermoelectric cooler. 3. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 and wherein the TEC is a Peltier cell. 4. Apparatus as set forth in claim 2 and wherein the TEC is a Peltier cell. 5. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 and wherein the TEC comprises a plurality of TECs in a series array. 6. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 and arranged such that in operation a first side of the TEC is associated with the at least one reaction vessel and a second side thereof is arranged in use to be maintained at an intermediate temperature, which is intermediate the highest temperature and the lowest temperature used in a thermal cycling operation, and arranged for current to be supplied to the TEC in one direction whereby the first side becomes hotter than the second side, and then the current is supplied in the other direction whereby the first side becomes cooler than the second side. 7. Apparatus as set forth in claim 6 and arranged to carry out PCR and wherein the intermediate temperature is slightly below an extension temperature in the PCR cycle. 8. Apparatus as set forth in claim 7 and wherein the second side of the TEC is contiguous with a heat exchange block. 9. Apparatus as set forth in claim 8 and wherein the heat exchange block comprises a block of thermally conductive material having therein a channel adapted for the flow of a heat transfer liquid. 10. Apparatus as set forth in claim 8 and having a heat sink in communication with the heat exchange block. 11. Apparatus as set forth in claim 9 and wherein the channel is in serpentine form. 12. Apparatus as set forth in claim 9 and wherein the heat transfer liquid is deionized water with an antioxidant additive. 13. Apparatus as set forth in claim 6 and having a thermally conductive cup arranged to hold the at least one reaction vessel and wherein the first side of the TEC is contiguous with the cup. 14. Apparatus as set forth in claim 13 and wherein the first side of the TEC is contiguous with a base of the cup. 15. Apparatus as set forth in claim 10 and wherein the first side of the TEC is attached to a base of the cup. 16. Apparatus as set forth in claim 6 and having a temperature measuring device. 17. Apparatus as set forth in claim 16 and wherein the temperature measuring device is arranged for the control of electrical current to the TEC. 18. Apparatus as set forth in claim 6 and having an electrical control circuit in which there is means for detecting the absence and failure of a vessel and switching off current supply thereto. 19. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 and comprising an array of reaction vessels and wherein there is one TEC per reaction vessel. 20. Apparatus as set forth in claim 19 and wherein the array is an 8.times.12 array or integer multiple thereof. 21. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 and wherein the reaction vessel is a microtitre vessel. 22. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 and wherein the reaction vessel has a reaction chamber comprising a tube of substantially capillary proportions. 23. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 and wherein the reaction vessel is formed of a polymer loaded with a thermally conductive material. 24. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 and wherein the reaction vessel has a lid, the lid having a translucent portion through which the reaction vessel contents can be monitored and which lid is arranged to be substantially contiguous with the reaction vessel contents in operation. 25. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 and having an optical monitoring system arranged for monitoring the progress of a reaction within the reaction vessel. 26. Apparatus as set forth in claim 25 and wherein the optical monitoring system comprises a laser source, means for directing a laser into the reaction vessel, and a multi-anode photomultiplier tube for detecting resultant emitted light. 27. Apparatus as set forth in claim 25 and wherein the optical monitoring system comprises a printed circuit board (PCB) arranged for presentation above the reaction vessels, the PCB holding an array of light emitting diodes (LEDs) selected so as to be within the excitation spectrum of the reaction vessel contents under interrogation and arranged for the direction of light into the reaction vessel, the PCB also having a foramen arranged to permit the passage of vessel content light emission spectra, the system also comprising detector apparatus arranged to detect the emission spectra and filter means to block the path of excitation spectra to the detector. 28. Apparatus as set forth in claim 27 and wherein the LEDs are arranged to emit light at a wavelength of 470 nm or above. 29. Apparatus as set forth in claim 27 and comprising a Fresnel lens arranged to direct the light onto an XY scanning mirror set and thereby into a detector such as a photomultiplier tube, an avalanche photo-diode, charge couple device, light dependent resistor or a photovoltaic cell. 30. Apparatus as set forth in claim 27 and wherein the filter means comprises an optical filter placed across the foramen. 31. Apparatus as set forth in claim 27 and wherein the filter means comprises software associated with the detector. 32. A thermal cycling process performed in at least one reaction vessel and wherein a thermoelectric cooler (TEC) provides both heating and cooling of the said at least one reaction vessel. 33. A process comprising the steps of conducting any one of biological, chemical and biochemical processes in at least one reaction vessel, and directly heating the vessel by a thermoelectric cooler (TEC). 34. The process as set forth in claim 32 and wherein the TEC is a Peltier cell. 35. The process as set forth in claim 33 and wherein the TEC is a Peltier cell. 36. The process as set forth in claim 32 and wherein a first side of the TEC is associated with the at least one reaction vessel and a second side of the TEC is arranged in use to be maintained at an intermediate, which is a temperature intermediate the highest temperature and the lowest temperature used in the thermal cycling operation, a current being supplied to the TEC in one direction whereby the first side of the TEC becomes hotter than the second side, the current then being supplied to the TEC in the other direction whereby the first side of the TEC becomes cooler than the second side. 37. The process as set forth in claim 36 which is a PCR (polymerase chain reaction) process and wherein the intermediate temperature is slightly below the extension temperature in the PCR cycle. 38. The process as set forth in claim 32 and comprising the step of optically monitoring the progress of the PCR process. 39. The process as set forth in claim 36, wherein the TEC is a first TEC and comprising locating the first side of the first TEC in communication with a cup, positioning the at least one reaction vessel in the cup, locating the second side of the first TEC in a position contiguous with a second TEC such that the cup is contiguous with a cold side of the first TEC and a hot side of the first TEC is contiguous with a cold side of the second TEC. 40. The process as set forth in claim 39 comprising locating a hot side of the second TEC in a position contiguous with a third TEC. 41. The process as set forth in claim 39 comprising locating a hot side of the second TEC in a position contiguous with a heat exchange block. 42. The process as set forth in claim 41, comprising attaching the second side of the first TEC to the second TEC such that the cup is attached to the cold side of the first TEC and the hot side of the first TEC is attached to the cold side of the second TEC. 43. The process as set forth in claim 42 comprising attaching a hot side of the second TEC to a third TEC. 44. The process as set forth in claim 42 comprising attaching a hot side of the second TEC to a heat exchange block. 