Solar-powered device having a body for housing at least one energy storage module and at least one control module are disclosed. The body includes an opening formed by at least two recesses disposed about an upper surface of the body. At least one solar panel may be coupled to the upper surface of the body where the solar panel may be received by the recesses.
Claims 1. A device comprising: a body having an opening, wherein the opening is formed by at least two recesses disposed about an upper surface of the body; at least one energy storage module housed within the body; at least one control module housed within the body; and at least one solar panel coupled to the upper surface of the body, wherein at least a portion of the solar panel is received by the recesses. 2. The device of claim 1, further comprising a sealing component for securing the solar panel to the upper surface of the body, wherein the sealing component is received by the solar panel within the recesses. 3. The device of claim 2, wherein the sealing component is an adhesive. 4. The device of claim 1, wherein the energy storage module is a lithium-ion battery. 5. The device of claim 4, wherein the shape of the lithium-ion battery is substantially rectangular and flat. 6. The device of claim 1, wherein the solar panel comprises: a substrate; a plurality of cells disposed about the substrate; and a transparent layer disposed about the cells. 7. The device of claim 6, wherein the cells are selected from at least one of single crystal silicon, polysilicon and amorphous silicon. 8. The device of claim 6, wherein the solar panel further comprises at least one of heat dissipation layer and heat dissipation component. 9. The device of claim 1, wherein the shape of the body is selected from the group consisting of triangle, square, rectangle, parallelogram, pentagon and hexagon. 10. The device of claim 1, wherein the body includes an output, wherein a first end of the output is coupled to at least one load and wherein a second end of the output is coupled to the control module. 11. The device of claim 1, wherein the control module is coupled to the energy storage module. 12. The device of claim 1, wherein the control module is an integrated circuit comprising: battery charging and discharging protection modules; a solar panel charging control module; a current sharing module; a maximum power tracking module; and a constant current and constant voltage control module. 13. The device of claim 1, wherein the top of the upper surface of the solar panel is substantially at level with the top of the upper surface of the body. 14. The device of claim 1, wherein the top of the upper surface of the solar panel is higher than the top of the upper surface of the body. 15. The device of claim 1, wherein the body and the solar panel each includes at least one mounting hole, wherein the solar panel is coupled to the upper surface of the body using at least one set screw through the mounting hole. 16. A device comprising: a body having an opening, wherein the opening is formed by at least two recesses disposed about an upper surface of the body; at least one energy storage module housed within the body; at least one control module housed within the body; and at least one solar panel coupled to the upper surface of the body, wherein at least a portion of the solar panel is received by the recesses using a sealing component, and wherein the sealing component comprises an adhesive, and wherein the top of the upper surface of the solar panel is substantially at level with the top of the upper surface of the body. 17. The device of claim 16, wherein the energy storage module is a lithium-ion battery. 18. A device comprising: a body having an opening, wherein the opening is formed by at least two recesses disposed about an upper surface of the body; at least one energy storage module housed within the body; at least one control module housed within the body, wherein the control module is an integrated circuit comprising: battery charging and discharging protection modules; a solar panel charging control module; a current sharing module; a maximum power tracking module; a constant current and constant voltage control module; at least one solar panel coupled to the upper surface of the body, wherein the solar panel comprises: a substrate; a plurality of cells disposed about the substrate; a transparent layer disposed about the cells; and wherein the body includes an output, wherein a first end of the output is coupled to at least one load, wherein a second end of the output is coupled to the control module, wherein the control module is coupled to the energy storage module, wherein at least a portion of the solar panel is received by the recesses using a sealing component, and wherein the sealing component comprises an adhesive, and wherein the top of the upper surface of the solar panel is substantially at level with the top of the upper surface of the body. 19. The device of claim 18, wherein the energy storage module is a lithium-ion battery. 