A solar panel array support system including a plurality of removable, interengaged adjacent support modules of similar configuration. Each support module mounts a PV solar panel, and also a DC-AC inverter electrically connected to the solar panel. The DC-AC inverter is also electrically connectable to additional DC-AC inverters mounted to the adjacent solar panel support modules. Each support module includes flexible male connector elements that enter a slot forming a female connector element in an adjacent support module to pivotally and removably engage each support module to another. Individual modules or a plurality of solar panel support modules can be readily removed from and replaced in a solar panel array, and can be readily removed and installed to form a second modular solar panel array.
Claims 1. A solar panel array support system comprising: a plurality of support modules, each support module having a substantially similar configuration, each support module adapted to support at least one PV solar panel capable of generating electrical energy; each said support module removably interengaged with an adjacent support module to form an array of said plurality of support modules; each said support module adapted to support a first DC-AC inverter, each said first DC-AC inverter adapted to be electrically connected to the solar panel supported by said support module, each said first DC-AC inverter also adapted to be electrically connected to and disconnected from a second DC-AC inverter, said second DC-AC inverter supported by said adjacent support module and electrically connected to at least one solar panel supported by said adjacent support module; each said support module interengagable with said adjacent support module; and each said support module removable from engagement with said adjacent support module. 2. The solar panel array support system of claim 1, wherein each said DC-AC inverter is mounted to a portion of one of said support modules. 3. The solar panel array support system of claim 1, wherein: each said support module is flexibly and removably interengaged with said adjacent support module. 4. The solar panel array support system of claim 1, wherein: each support module also includes at least one male pivot connector extending outwardly from said support module; each support module includes at least one female connector element receiving said at least one male pivot connector when said support module is interengaged with said adjacent support module; said at least one male pivot connector permitting relative rotational movement between said interengaged support modules. 5. The solar panel support system of claim 4 wherein: said at least one female connector element comprises at least one slot in said support module, said at least one slot adapted to receive said male pivot connector; said male pivot connector supporting a rocking member, said rocking member inserted into a slot of said female connector element in said adjacent interengaged support module when said support modules are pivotally interengaged. 6. The solar panel support system of claim S wherein: each said slot includes a stop member located at a predetermined position in said slot, said male pivot connector being inserted into said slot and abutting said stop member. 7. The solar panel support system of claim 5, wherein: each support module comprises first and second side panels, each said first and second side panel including at least one of said slots. 8. The solar panel of claim 7, wherein: each said side panel has front and rear ends, each said front and rear end including a plurality of said slots. 9. The solar panel of claim 8, wherein: each of said plurality of slots in said side panels are uniformly configured. 10. A solar panel support module for supporting a solar panel having electrical energy generation capabilities, said support module comprising: a plurality of interconnected panels forming said support module; certain of said interconnected panels having surfaces adapted to support said solar panel; said support module including a wind deflector adapted to drive air over an upper surface of said solar; said support module providing a volume defined between said interconnected panels, said volume adapted to extend along a lower surface of said solar panel. 11. The solar panel support module of claim 10, wherein: said wind deflector includes at least one louver extending through said wind deflector, said at least one louver adapted to direct air passing over said wind deflector over said solar panel. 12. A solar panel support module for supporting a solar panel having electrical energy generation capabilities, said support module comprising: a plurality of interconnected panels forming said module; said interconnected panels having surfaces adapted to support said solar panel; at least one of said panels having at least one female connector element; at least one other of said panels having at least one male pivot connector extending outward from said at least one other of said panels; said at least one male pivot connector adapted to be inserted into a female connector element of a first adjacently located support module; said at least one female connector element adapted to receive and hold a male pivot connector of a second adjacently located support module. 13. The solar panel support module of claim 12 wherein: at least two of said panels include a male connector flange located at opposite ends of each of said at least two panels; at least two other of said panels having at least one female connector element adapted to receive and removably hold a male connector flange. 14. The solar panel support module of claim 12, wherein: each adjacently located support module is removably attached for limited angular movement relative to said support module when said at least one male pivot connector is received in said at least one female connector element of said adjacently located support module. 15. A solar panel support module for supporting a solar panel having electrical energy generation capabilities, said support module comprising: a front panel; a rear panel; first and second side panels extending between and removably connected to said front and rear panels; said first and second side panels each having at least one female connector element; at least one male pivot connector operatively connected to one of said female connector elements in said first side panel, said at least one male pivot connector extending outward from said first side panel; said at least one male pivot connector adapted to be inserted into a female connector element of a first adjacently located support module; said at least one female connector element in one of said side panels of said support module adapted to receive and hold a male pivot connector of a second adjacently located support module. 16. A solar panel support module for supporting a solar panel having electrical energy generation capabilities, said support module comprising: a front panel, a rear panel, two side panels extending between and interconnected with said front panel and said rear panel; certain of said panels each having an upper surface adapted to support said solar panel; each said side panel, or each said front and rear panel, including at least one slot; each said front and rear panel, or each said side panel, having a flange connector element located at first and second ends of each said panel; said slots each removably receiving one of said flange connector elements. 17. The solar panel support module of claim 16, wherein: each of said side panels includes said at least one slot, and each of said front and rear panels includes two said flange connector elements. 18. The solar panel support module of claim 16, wherein: each of said front and rear panels includes at least one said slot; and each of said side panels includes two said flange connector element. 19. The solar panel support module of claim 16, wherein: each of said flange elements form a stable connection with said slot in which said flange element is received. 20. The solar panel support module of claim 16, wherein: each of said side panels has a first and second end, each of said first and second ends including a plurality of said slots, one of said slots removably receiving one of said flange elements of one of said front and rear panels. 21. The solar panel support module of claim 12, wherein: said at least one male pivot connector includes a rocking member extending outward from said at least one other of said panels. 22. The solar panel module of claim 12, wherein: each said at least one female connector element includes a slot, a gap in a front wall of said female connector element forming said slot; said at least one male pivot connector including a mounting bracket extending outward through said gap; said rocking member mounted to said mounting bracket. 23. The solar panel support module of claim 22, wherein: all of said slots are uniformly configured. 24. The solar panel support module of claim 22, wherein: each of said slots includes a stop member, each said flange connector element and each said male pivot connector being positioned in a respective slot when each said flange connector element and said male pivot connector abuts a corresponding stop member. 25. The solar panel support module of claim 12, wherein: said interconnected plurality of panels defines a volume bounded by said panels; each of said plurality of panels including channels adapted to direct air into said volume, said air adapted to dissipate heat generated by said solar panel. 26. A solar panel support module for supporting a solar panel having electrical energy generation capabilities, said support module comprising: a plurality of panels interconnected to each other to form said support module; two of said panels being spaced apart and opposed to each other; each of said opposed panels having at least one aperture extending therethrough, a tray support member mounted to each opposed panel in said at least one aperture; at least one weight material support tray removably supported between said opposed panels, said at least one weight material support tray supported by at least two of said tray support members; said at least one weight material support tray adapted to support weight material and provide a ballast force acting on said support module. 27. The solar panel support module of claim 26, wherein: said at least one weight material support tray has a pair of opposed grooves, each groove removably engaging said opposed tray support members. 28. The solar panel support module of claim 27, wherein: said plurality of panels include a front panel, a rear panel, and two side panels removably interconnected to said front and rear panels; said at least one aperture including at least one aperture formed in said front panel and at least one opposed aperture formed in said rear panel; said interconnection of said front and rear panels with said side panels holding said weight material support trays in contact with said tray support members. 29. A solar panel support module for supporting a solar panel having electrical energy generation capabilities, said support module comprising: a plurality of removably interconnected panels forming said module; certain of said panels having upper surfaces adapted to support said solar panel; one of said panels adapted to support a DC-AC energy inverter said, DC-AC energy inverter electrically connected to said solar panel. 30. A solar panel support module for supporting a solar panel capable of generating electrical energy, said support module also adapted to support a DC-AC energy inverter assembly; said support module comprising: a plurality of interconnected panels forming said support module; certain of said panels having upper surfaces; said solar panel attached to said upper surfaces of said certain panels; a DC-AC energy inverter mounted to one of said plurality of panels, said DC-AC energy inverter electrically connected to said solar panel; said DC-AC energy inverter including connector cables adapted to be connected to additional adjacent solar panel support modules supporting additional solar panels and additional DC-AC energy inverters. 31. The solar panel support module of claim 30, wherein: at least one of said panels includes at least one male connector element extending outward from said support module, said at least one male connector element adapted to provide a pivotal interengagement between said support module and a female connector element on said additional adjacent solar panel support module. 32. A stackable solar panel support module system, each module supporting a solar panel having electrical energy generation capabilities, said stackable solar panel support system comprising: at least first and second solar panel support modules; a plurality of interconnected panels forming each said first and second support module; certain of said panels of each support module having surfaces supporting a first solar panel; each support module having a plurality of stacking pins extending outward in the same axial direction from said support module; at least two of said panels of each support module including apertures, each of said apertures configured to receive a stacking pin of an adjacent inverted second support module when said second support module is placed over said first support module; said adjacent second support module having surfaces supporting a second solar panel. 33. The stackable solar panel support system of claim 32, wherein; said first solar panel is supported in a first recess in said first support module; said second solar panel is supported in a second recess in said second support module; said first and second solar panels being separated by a space when said second support module is placed in an inverted position on said first support module. 34. The stackable solar panel support module system of claim 32, wherein: each said support module includes a front panel, a rear panel, and two opposed side panels; and each of said plurality of stacking pins is attached to one of said side panels. 35. The stackable solar panel support module system of claim 32, wherein: each of said first and second solar panels are supported in a slanted position on said first support module and said second support module, respectively. 36. The stackable solar panel support module system of claim 32, wherein: said second support module is positioned on said first support module in an inverted position of said second support module; said second support module having a plurality of feet extending upward; a third support module having a plurality of feet, said plurality of feet of said third support module in contact with said feet of said second inverted support module. 37. A method of creating an array of interengagable and moveable solar panel support modules on a surface, each support module supporting a solar panel and a DC-AC inverter electrically connected to the solar panel, each said support module having at least one male pivot connector extending from said support module and at least one female connector element configured to receive a male pivot connector, comprising the steps of: delivering a plurality of support modules to said surface; aligning each of said support modules adjacent to other support modules to form said array; interengaging the at least one male pivot connector of one support module with the female connector element of another adjacent support module; electrically connecting the DC-AC inverter of said one support module to the DC-AC inverter of said other adjacent support module; electrically connecting said array of solar panel support modules to an electric service grid of a facility. 38. The method of claim 37, wherein: the step of interengaging the at least one male pivot connector of one support module with the female connector element of another adjacent support module creates a pivotal connection between said support modules. 