The disclosed apparatus and systems are adapted to implement dynamic power control in order to condition and store, and/or immediately utilize, energy from one or more available power inputs, whether the inputs are constantly, regularly, or intermittently available, singly or in various combinations. Power control circuits according to the invention provide means for dynamically responding to input availability and output requirements in order to prioritize input energy selection, input signal conditioning, and output power delivery adapted to the application and operating environment.
Claims 1. A power control circuit comprising: one or more input terminals for receiving input power signals; one or more output terminals for delivering one or more output signals; one or more conditioning circuits operably coupled to receive the input power signals, wherein the conditioning circuits are adapted for dynamically converting the input power signals into one or more conditioned signals within dynamically determined voltage and current ranges; and one or more intermediate storage element for receiving conditioned signals from the conditioning circuits; wherein the conditioning circuits and intermediate storage elements are adapted to delivering output signals to the one or more output terminals. 2. The power control circuit according to claim 1 wherein the conditioning circuit further comprises a step-up regulator for dynamically conditioning input power signals from one or more of the inputs to provide one or more output signals having selected voltage and current characteristics. 3. The power control circuit according to claim 1 wherein the conditioning circuit further comprises a step-down regulator for dynamically conditioning input power signals from one or more of the inputs to provide one or more output signals having selected voltage and current characteristics. 4. The power control circuit according to claim 1 wherein the conditioning circuit further comprises a rectifier adapted for dynamically conditioning input power signals from one or more of the inputs to provide one or more output signals having selected voltage and current characteristics. 5. The power control circuit according to claim 1 wherein the conditioning circuit further comprises reverse blocking circuitry for blocking reverse current at one or more of the terminals. 6. The power control circuit according to claim 1 wherein the conditioning circuit further comprises an output regulator for dynamically regulating output signals according to selected voltage and current characteristics. 7. The power control circuit according to claim 1 wherein the conditioning circuit further comprises one or more sensor modules adapted for dynamically monitoring one or more variable characteristics of the input signals, conditioned signals, and output signals, and for providing feedback to the conditioning circuit for use in dynamically controlling output signals. 8. The power control circuit according to claim 1 wherein the conditioning circuit further comprises one or more sensor modules adapted for dynamically monitoring one or more voltage characteristics of the input signals, conditioned signals, and output signals, and for providing feedback to the conditioning circuit for use in dynamically controlling output signals. 9. The power control circuit according to claim 1 further comprising at least one charge storage element operably coupled to an output terminal, and further comprising one or more sensor modules adapted for dynamically monitoring one or more variable characteristics of the storage elements for providing feedback to the conditioning circuit for use in dynamically controlling output signals. 10. The power control circuit according to claim 1 wherein the conditioning circuit further comprises one or more shunt modules adapted for receiving one or more input power signals from one or more of the inputs for use in dynamically controlling output signals. 11. The power control circuit according to claim 1 wherein the conditioning circuit further comprises one or more off-active switching modules for continuously monitoring one or more output terminals and for dynamically switching the conditioning circuit between on and off states responsive to selected output terminal voltage thresholds. 12. A power control circuit comprising: one or more input terminals for coupling to external sources of power; one or more output terminals for coupling to at least one storage element; one or more sensing modules coupled for producing one or more sensor signals indicative of selected variable parameters at one or of the terminals; one or more conditioning circuits operably coupled to the input terminals for receiving input power signals and operably coupled for supplying output signals to the output terminals, the conditioning circuit further comprising: one or more step-up/step-down regulator operably coupled to the input terminals for receiving input power signals and to the sensor modules for receiving therefrom one or more sensor signals for use in dynamically determining voltage step-up/step-down levels to be applied to the input power signals; reverse blocking circuitry operably coupled for preventing reverse current at the terminals; output regulator circuitry for controlling the output at the output terminals; and one or more off-active switch modules for continuously monitoring one or more terminals and for dynamically switching the conditioning circuit between on and off states responsive to selected terminal voltage thresholds. 13. The power control circuit according to claim 12 further comprising one or more photovoltaic array operably coupled to an input terminal for providing an input power signal to the conditioning circuit. 14. The power control circuit according to claim 12 further comprising one or more electromechanical generator operably coupled to an input terminal for providing an input power signal to the conditioning circuit. 15. The power control circuit according to claim 12 further comprising one or more radio-frequency generator operably coupled to an input terminal for providing an input power signal to the conditioning circuit. 16. The power control circuit according to claim 12 further comprising one or more piezoelectric generator operably coupled to an input terminal for providing an input power signal to the conditioning circuit. 17. The power control circuit according to claim 12 further comprising one or more electromagnetic generator operably coupled to an input terminal for providing an input power signal to the conditioning circuit. 18. The power control circuit according to claim 12 further comprising one or more electrostatic discharge power generator operably coupled to an input terminal for providing an input power signal to the conditioning circuit. 19. The power control circuit according to claim 12 further comprising one or more thermoelectric generator operably coupled to an input terminal for providing an input power signal to the conditioning circuit. 20. The power control circuit according to claim 12 further comprising one or more shunts operably coupled to selectably receive at least a portion of one or more input power signals. 