Method of operating and device for controlling an energy installation comprising photovoltaic modules (401) and inverters (402), in which a selection and control unit (404) selects combinations of connections of the photovoltaic modules and controls a switching unit so as to establish combinations.
Claims 1. A method for operating an energy installation comprising at least two photovoltaic modules and an inverter, said method comprising, respectively at pre-determined times, the following steps of: measuring the values of the current and/or of the voltage supplied by each photovoltaic module; calculating and/or choosing a first electrical magnitude according to the values measured in the event that said photovoltaic modules are connected in a parallel mode and a second electrical magnitude according to the values measured in the event that said photovoltaic modules are connected in a series mode; comparing said first and second electrical magnitudes with each other and/or with a reference magnitude; then selecting and establishing a connection mode of connecting the photovoltaic modules to the inverter according to the result of the comparison. 2. Method according to claim 1, wherein said first and second electrical magnitudes are first and second electrical powers and wherein the connection mode corresponding to the highest power calculated is chosen and established. 3. Method according to claim 1, wherein said first and second electrical magnitudes are current values and wherein the connection mode corresponding to the highest current calculated is chosen and established. 4. A method for operating an energy installation comprising multiple photovoltaic modules and at least one inverter, said method comprising, respectively at pre-determined times, the following steps of: measuring the values of the current and/or of the voltage supplied by each photovoltaic module; calculating and/or choosing intermediate electrical magnitudes corresponding respectively to multiple various connection modes for connecting said photovoltaic modules in series mode and/or in parallel mode; comparing the intermediate electrical magnitudes with each other and/or with a reference magnitude; then selecting and establishing a connection mode of connecting the photovoltaic modules to the inverter according to the result of the comparison. 5. Method according to claim 4, wherein said intermediate electrical magnitudes are electrical powers and wherein the connection mode corresponding to the highest power calculated is chosen and established. 6. A method for operating an energy installation comprising at least one photovoltaic module and at least two inverters characterized by operating magnitudes and/or various ranges of operating magnitudes, said method comprising, respectively at pre-determined times, the following steps of: measuring the values of the current and/or of the voltage supplied by the photovoltaic module; calculating and/or choosing an intermediate electrical magnitude according to the values measured; comparing this intermediate electrical magnitude with at least one reference magnitude and/or at least one range of reference magnitudes electrically characterizing each of said inverters; then linking said module either to one of said inverters or to the other according to the result of said comparison. 7. A method for operating an energy installation comprising multiple photovoltaic modules and multiple inverters characterized by operating magnitudes and/or various ranges of operating magnitudes, said method comprising, respectively at pre-determined times, the following steps of: measuring the values of the current and/or of the voltage supplied by each photovoltaic module; calculating and/or choosing intermediate electrical magnitudes according to multiple various connection modes for connecting the photovoltaic modules to the inverters in series mode and/or in parallel mode; comparing the intermediate electrical magnitudes with each other and/or with reference magnitudes and/or ranges of reference magnitudes electrically characterizing the inverters; selecting and establishing a connection mode of connecting the photovoltaic modules to said inverters for which the intermediate electrical magnitude corresponds approximately to a reference electrical magnitude and/or a range of reference electrical magnitudes electrically characterizing at least one of the inverters. 8. Method according to claim 7, wherein the electrical magnitudes are electrical powers or currents. 9. A method for operating an energy installation comprising multiple photovoltaic modules and multiple inverters characterized by operating magnitudes and/or various ranges of operating magnitudes, said method comprising, respectively at pre-determined times, the following steps of: measuring the values of the current and/or of the voltage supplied by each photovoltaic module; calculating output electrical magnitudes of the inverters according to multiple various connection modes for connecting the photovoltaic modules to the inverters in series mode and/or in parallel mode and according to operating electrical magnitudes and/or ranges of operating electrical magnitudes electrically characterizing the inverters, comparing the output electrical magnitudes calculated, selecting and establishing a connection mode of connecting the photovoltaic modules to said inverters for which the calculated output electrical magnitude of at least one of the inverters corresponds approximately to a reference magnitude and/or a range of reference magnitudes electrically characterizing that inverter. 10. Method according to claim 9, wherein the electrical magnitudes are electrical powers and the operating magnitudes and/or ranges of operating magnitudes are power curves. 11. A device for controlling an energy installation comprising multiple photovoltaic modules and at least one inverter, characterized in that it comprises: switching means to selectively link said photovoltaic modules to said inverter by connecting them selectively in parallel mode and/or in series mode; means for measuring the value of the current and/or of the voltage supplied by said photovoltaic modules; and means for managing and controlling the switching means according to the values measured. 12. A device for controlling an energy installation comprising multiple photovoltaic modules and multiple inverters, characterized in that it comprises: first switching means to selectively put said photovoltaic modules into parallel mode and/or into series mode selectively to pairs of intermediate terminals, second switching means to selectively link said pairs of intermediate terminals to the inverters in parallel mode and/or in series mode, means for measuring the value of the current and/or of the voltage supplied by each photovoltaic module, and means for managing and controlling the first and second switching means according to the values measured and/or according to electrical magnitudes or ranges of electrical magnitudes characterizing said inverters. 