A process for selectively freeing an epitaxial layer from a single crystal substrate upon which it was grown, by providing a first substrate; depositing a separation layer on the first substrate; depositing on the separation layer a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell; mounting and bonding a thin flexible support having a coefficient of thermal expansion substantially greater than that of the adjacent semiconductor material on top of the sequence of layers at an elevated temperature; and etching the separation layer while the temperature of the support and layers of semiconductor material decrease, so that the support and the attached layer curls away from the first substrate in view of their differences in coefficient of thermal expansion, so as to remove the epitaxial layer from the substrate.
Claims 1. A method for selectively freeing an epitaxial layer from a single crystal substrate upon which it was grown, comprising: providing a first substrate; depositing a separation layer on said first substrate; depositing on said separation layer a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell; mounting and bonding a thin flexible support having a coefficient of thermal expansion substantially greater than that of the adjacent semiconductor material on top of the sequence of layers at an elevated temperature; and etching said separation layer while the temperature of the support and layers of semiconductor material decreases, so that the support and the attached layer curls away from said first substrate in view of the difference in the coefficient of thermal expansion of the support and the adjacent semiconductor material. 2. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the decrease in temperature allows said epitaxial layer and the thin flexible support to curl upward, permitting the outdiffusion from the separation layer of reaction products of the etching process. 3. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the first substrate is composed of gallium arsenide. 4. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said separation layer is approximately 100 Angstroms in thickness. 5. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said separation layer is composed of GaAlAs. 6. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said thin flexible support is composed of a polyimide material. 7. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the depositing a sequence of layers comprises: forming a first subcell comprising a first semiconductor material with a first band gap and a first lattice constant; forming a second subcell comprising a second semiconductor material with a second band gap and a second lattice constant, wherein the second band gap is less than the first band gap and the second lattice constant is greater than the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant; and forming a lattice constant transition material positioned between the first subcell and the second subcell, said lattice constant transition material having a lattice constant that changes gradually from the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant. 8. A method as defined in claim 7, wherein said transition material is composed of any of the As P, N, Sb based II-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the first subcell and less than or equal to that of the second subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the second subcell, and the band gap of the transition material remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV throughout its thickness. 9. A method as defined in claim 7, wherein said transition material is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAl.sub.1-yAs with x and y selected such that the band gap of each interlayer remains constant throughout its thickness. 10. A method as defined in claim 7, wherein said first subcell is composed of an GaInP, GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and an InGaP, GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region, and the second subcell is composed of an InGaP emitter layer and a GaAs or GaInAs base layer. 11. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein depositing a sequence of layers comprises: forming an upper first solar subcell on said first substrate having a first band gap; forming a middle second solar subcell over said first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a graded interlayer over said second solar cell; and forming a lower third solar subcell over said graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell. 12. A method as defined in claim 11, wherein the upper subcell is composed of InGa(Al)P. 13. A method as defined in claim 11, wherein the middle subcell is composed of an GaAs, GaInP, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and a GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 14. A method as defined in claim 11, wherein the lower solar subcell is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter layer, or a InGaAs base layer and a InGaP emitter layer. 15. A method as defined as claim 11, wherein the graded interlayer is compositionally graded to lattice match the middle subcell on one side and the lower subcell on the other side, and is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAl.sub.1-yAs with x and y selected such that the band gap of the interlayer remains constant throughout its thickness and greater than said second band gap. 16. A method as defined in claim 15, wherein the graded interlayer has approximately a 1.5 eV band gap throughout its thickness. 17. A method as defined in claim 11, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the second solar cell and less than or equal to that of the second solar cell and less than or equal to that of the third solar cell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the second solar cell. 18. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the coefficient of thermal expansion of the flexible support is around 20 ppm/degree C. 19. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the flexible support is composed of Kapton and approximately 50 microns in thickness. 20. A method for selectively freeing an epitaxial layer from a single crystal substrate upon which it was grown, comprising: providing a substrate; depositing a separation layer on the substrate; depositing on the separation layer a sequence of epitaxial layers of semiconductor material forming a semiconductor device; mounting and bonding a thin flexible support on top of the sequence of layers; and subsequently processing the substrate at decreasing temperature so that the difference in the coefficient of thermal expansion of the thin flexible support and the semiconductor material results in the curling back of the thin flexible support and the layers of semiconductor material as they separate from the substrate. 