A multi sensor detection and disabling lock system includes detector cases for holding interchangeable detectors that sample for chemical, biological and radiological compounds, agents and elements, with each detector case disposed in or upon the monitored product whereupon light alarm indicators (color coded) on the detector case light up when a specific compound or agent is detected whereupon the detector case transmits detection information to a monitoring computer terminal and transmits a signal to a lock disabler engaged to the product to lock or disable the product's lock thereby preventing untrained, unauthorized and unequipped individual's from gaining access and entry to the product, and also preventing further contamination of the area. An authorized individual resets the detection system, and the system's power source is electrical, battery or computer generated. In addition, the detection system can be interconnected to surveillance towers scanning detector cases disposed at seaport docks, freight depots and rail terminals for monitoring containers being prepared for shipment or sitting on docks for long periods of time.
Claims 1. A stall-to-stop disabling and slowdown system for slowing and stopping a vehicle wherein the vehicle includes a transceiver and a stall-to-stop system that is interconnected to the electromotive system and of the vehicle, comprising: a stall-to-stop disabling and slowdown means that includes: monitoring equipment located at a determinate monitoring site; at least one Cellular tower and at least one GPS satellite capable of sending and receiving signals to and from the monitoring equipment and the transceiver of the vehicle; the Cellular tower and the GPS satellite capable of two-way signal communication with the transceiver of the vehicle; and whereupon a distress signal sent from a portable telecommunication device to the GPS satellite causes a signal to be sent to the monitoring equipment followed by the GPS satellite locating and communicating with the transceiver of the vehicle for exchanging information on the problem situation, location, and speed of the vehicle resulting in the monitoring equipment transmitting a signal to the Cellular tower and/or GPS satellite and the Cellular tower and/or GPS satellite communicating with the transceiver of the vehicle for executing commands that actuate the stall-to-stop system for slowing and stopping the vehicle. 2. The stall-to-stop disabling and slowdown system of claim 1 wherein the stall-to-stop and slowdown means can be activated by an authorized individual which includes but is not limited to the owner, pilot, conductor, captain, police highway patrol, security guard, port security and military personnel to the monitoring equipment from a fixed, portable or mobile communication device for activating the system. 3. The stall-to-stop disabling and slowdown system of claim 2 wherein the disabling and slowdown means activation engages the computer, electrical, fuel, and/or air systems of the vehicle or a combination of the computer, electrical, fuel and air systems that include but are not limited to the brakes, foot peddle, lights, speed controls, ignition, steering, transmission, and the horsepower of the motor. 4. The stall-to-stop disabling and slowdown system of claim 3 wherein the disabling and slowdown means can be adapted, modified or designed to include: an open bust or open platform for integrating any new and innovative technology; warning lights indicators; sound alarm indicators; voice alarm indicators; the locking and unlocking of doors, windows, sun-roofs, trunks or hoods. 5. The stall-to-stop disabling and slowdown system of claim 4 wherein the disabling and slowdown means reduces the speed of the vehicle to an idle speed and eventually stops the vehicle or to an advanced reduced stall and an immediate stop. 6. The stall-to-stop disabling and slowdown system of claim 5 wherein the disabling and slowdown means both have a flexible sequence of signals that includes a warning signal to the driver or the locking of the doors can happened before or after the signal to stall-to-stop or signal to slowdown the vehicle is sent. 7. The stall-to-stop disabling and slowdown system of claim 6 wherein the disabling and slowdown means both have the ability to slowdown or stall the vehicle naturally and without any action on the brakes, door locks, or steering wheel, and both have the ability to slowdown or stall the vehicle through unnatural means where there may be action on the brakes, door locks, and steering for navigation to a safe stop. 8. The stall-to-stop disabling and slowdown system of claim 7 wherein the disabling and slowdown means including the devices that is monitoring, communication devices, communication equipment can be grouped into at least seven anti-terrorist product groupings based on the categories of similarities of design, similarities of material composition, and similarities of security problems. 9. The stall-to-stop disabling and slowdown system of claim 8 wherein the disabling and slowdown means is designed to be used with or without biometrics for authentication and identification, thereby allowing access to the product by authorized, trained and equipped individuals and preventing access to the products by unauthorized, untrained, and unequipped individuals. 10. A multi-sensor detection and lock disabling system for monitoring products and for detecting chemical, biological, and radiological agents and compounds so that terrorist activity can be prevented, comprising: at least one cell phone detector case having a front side, a rear side, a power source, and a Central processing unit (cpu); a plurality of indicator lights located on the front side with each indicator light corresponding to and indicating the detection of one specific chemical, biological and radiological agent or compound; a plurality of interchangeable cell phone detector cases for detecting the chemical, biological, and radiological agents and compounds and capable of being disposed within the detector case; each detector case including a sound alarm indicator, a readings panel, a light alarm indicator and a sensor; an Internet connection, a GPS connection, and a power connection located on the rear side and which are interconnected with the cpu; an automatic/mechanical lock disabler interconnected to the cpu and which is mounted to a lock on a product for receiving transmission from the cpu to lock or disable the lock on the product to prevent access to the product by unauthorized, untrained, and unequipped individuals; and whereupon detection of specific chemical, biological, or radiological agents or compounds by the detectors causes the lighting of the corresponding indicator light for visual confirmation of the detection and sends out a signal to the monitoring equipment followed by the GPS satellite locating and communicating with the cpu of the multi-sensor detection and automatic/mechanical lock disabler for exchanging information on the problem situation. 11. The multi-sensor detection and automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 10 wherein each cell phone detector case includes a recharging cradle or seat, a front side, a top, a bottom, and a pair of opposed sides. 12. The multi-sensor detection and automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 11 wherein the cell phone detector case monitor includes standard keypad functions and more specialized system use (ring tone, email, photos, texting) functions as well as viewing screens. 13. The multi-sensor detection and automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 12 wherein the cell phone detector case includes telecommunication and radio communication means that are interactive with any type of motive vehicle that includes but is not limited to cars, trucks, vans, SUVs, trains, subways, boats, ships and airplanes. 14. The multi-sensor detection and automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 13 wherein the cell phone detector case can be adapted or incorporated with cell phone towers and satellites for use with satellite communication and/or a cell tower, wi-fi, wi-max, broadband, GPS, navigation, and radio frequency interconnected to the central processing unit (cpu). 15. The multi-sensor detection and automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 14 wherein the cell phone detector case has monitoring equipment to include but not to be limited to computers, laptops, notebooks, PC's, and cell phones for the receipt and transmission of signals therebetween. 16. The multi-sensor detection and automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 15 wherein the cell phone detector case having a basic monitoring terminal can be adapted and incorporated to include desktop PC's, notebook, PC's, laptops, cell phones, LCD monitors, and satellite monitoring. 17. The multi-sensor detection and automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 16 wherein the cell phone detector case can be modified and adapted for inclusion with cell phone cases, satellite cell phone cases, laptop cases, notebook PC cases, PDA cases, carry-on cases, suitcases and briefcases. 18. The multi-sensor detection and automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 17 wherein the cell phone detector case can be interconnected through wire or wireless for communication, signals, commands and transmission of data. 19. The multi-sensor detection and automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 18 wherein the cell phone detector case includes a power connection that is interconnected to the central processing unit (cpu) and power source can be battery, electrical, or solar. 20. The multi-sensor detection and automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 19 wherein the cell phone detector case is designed to be used with or without biometrics for authentication and identification, thereby allowing access to the product by authorized, trained, and equipped individuals and preventing access to the product by unauthorized, untrained, and unequipped individuals. 21. The multi-sensor detection and automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 20 wherein the cell phone detector case has a Bluetooth connection, a Wi-Fi connection, a Radio Frequency connection, a Cellular connection, a satellite connection, and a GPS connection, all of which is interconnected to the central processing unit (cpu). 22. The multi-sensor detection and automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 21 wherein the cell phone detector case has a plurality of interchangeable and integrable sensors for detecting the chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive and contraband agents and compounds which is capable of being disposed within each detector case. 23. The multi-sensor detection and automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 22 wherein the cell phone detector case has a plurality of indicator lights with each indicator light corresponding to one chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear explosive and contraband agent or compound which is capable of being disposed within the detector case and lighting up upon detection of that specific agent or compound for providing visual confirmation of the detection. 24. The multi-sensor detection and automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 23 wherein the cell phone detector case can send and receive signal, send and receive warnings, send and receive commands, send and receive data, information and report the status of the sensors to and from a cell phone and any of the products listed in the product groupings. 25. The multi-sensor detection and automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 24 wherein the cell phone detector case has a display or LCD screen for visualization of the status of the sensors and other data reporting information. 26. The multi-sensor detection and automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 25 wherein the cell phone detector case is designed to be used with or without biometrics for authentication and identification, thereby allowing access to the product by authorized, trained, and equipped individuals and preventing access to the product by unauthorized, untrained, and unequipped individuals. 27. The multi-sensor detection and automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 26 wherein the cell phone detector case having products to be monitored, the devices that are monitoring, communication devices, communication equipment can be grouped into at least seven anti-terrorist product groupings based on the categories of similarities of design, similarities of material composition, and similarities of security problem. 28. The automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 10 wherein an automatic/mechanical lock disabler is designed to lock, or disable the lock of the product thus preventing further contamination and denying access to the product by unauthorized, untrained, and unequipped individuals. 29. The automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 28 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler is designed to unlock or enable the lock of the product thus allowing access to the product by authorized, trained, and equipped individuals. 30. The automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 29 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler of claim 29 is designed for outside and/or inside of the products listed in the product grouping. 31. The automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 30 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler of claim 30 is designed as one combined unit of lock and detector case for outside and/or inside of the products listed in the product grouping. 32. The automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 31 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler is designed as separate units of lock and detector case; interconnected through wire or wireless for communication, signals, commands and transmission of data. 33. The automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 32 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler has a power connection which is interconnected to the central processing unit (cpu) and includes a power source comprising a battery either electrical or solar. 34. The automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 33 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler is designed to be used with or without biometrics for authentication and identification, thereby allowing access to the product by authorized, trained and equipped individuals and preventing access to the product by unauthorized, untrained, and equipped individuals. 35. The automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 34 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler of claim 34 includes a Blue tooth connection, a Wi-Fi connection, a radio frequency connection, an Internet connection, a Cellular connection, a Satellite connection, all of which are interconnected to the central processing unit (cpu). 36. The automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 35 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler of claim 35 includes a plurality of interchangeable and integrable sensors for detecting the chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive and contraband agents and compounds to include sensors for detecting humans, motion, temperature, shock and tampering which is capable of being disposed within the detector case. 37. The automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 36 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler has a plurality of indicator lights with each indicator light corresponding to one chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive, and contraband agent or compound to include indicator lights corresponding to detecting humans, motion, temperature, shock and tampering which is capable of being disposed within the detector case and lighting up upon detection of that specific agent or compound for providing visual confirmation of the detection. 38. The automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 37 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler can send and receive signals, send and receive warnings, send and receive commands, send and receive data, information and report the status of the sensors to and from a cell phone and any of the products listed in the product groupings. 39. The automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 38 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler includes a display or LCD screen for visualization of the status of the sensors and other data reporting information associated with the functions of the automatic/mechanical lock disabler. 40. The automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 39 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler can be used with trains, airplanes, ships and any of the products listed in the product groupings. 41. The automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 40 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler can operate in two modes: a standard operating mode of locking and unlocking where the detection system is not activated, or the security operating mode of locking and unlocking is handled by an authorized person using any of the communication devices and methods listed in the product groupings, with the detection system activated and all the features of the detection system is activated, if needed, to include but not limited to the sensors, GPS, warning light indicators, communication devices and methods. 42. The automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 41 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler can operate with designated perimeters sensors or ranges sensors and if the lock moves outside the perimeter, the lock automatically goes to the security operating mode of locking and unlocking with the detection system activated and all the features of the detection system is activated, if needed, to include but not limited to the sensors, GPS, warning light indicators, communication devices and methods. 43. The automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 42 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler wherein the products to be monitored, the devices that is monitoring, communication devices, communication equipment can be grouped into at least the seven anti-terrorist product groupings based on the categories of similarities of design, similarities of material composition, and similarities of security problems. 44. The multi-sensor detection and automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 43 wherein the products to be monitored, the devices that is monitoring, communication devices, communication equipment can be grouped into at least the seven anti-terrorist product groupings based on the categories of similarities of design, similarities of material composition, and similarities of security problems. 