The present invention discloses a prefabricated structure capable of being sited in any environment, wherein the structure is configured to meet the deficiencies of the intended environment. The present invention further discloses a method for developing and installing prefabricated structures, wherein the structure is capable of adapting to changes in the environment and changes and advancements in future habitability units, such that the structure is partially or completely self-sufficient.
Claims 1. A structure, comprising: a foundation; and a prefabricated dwelling comprising: at least four walls; and a roof; wherein the structure is configured for situation in any environment, is either partially or entirely energy self-sufficient, and is configured to accept a habitability unit. 2. The structure according to claim 1, further comprising at least one habitability unit. 3. The structure according to claim 2, wherein the habitability unit is selected from the group consisting of a photovoltaic module/system, wind turbine, hydropower, solar water heating system, thermal ground storage system, vibration isolation system, hydronic system, water catchment system, battery bank, and combinations thereof. 4. The structure according to claim 1, further comprising height adjustable stairs fitted to the structure. 5. The structure according to claim 1, further comprising a systems management system for controlling and monitoring the structure. 6. The structure according to claim 1, further comprising a satellite communications system for remote controlling and monitoring of the structure. 7. The structure according to claim 1, further comprising a composting toilet. 8. The structure according to claim 1, further comprising an incinerating toilet. 9. The structure according to claim 1, further comprising a graywater system for recycling water. 10. The structure according to claim 1, wherein the foundation comprises an elevated foundation support system to situate the dwelling a distance above a ground plane. 11. The structure according to claim 1, wherein the roof is a shed roof configured to maximize solar panel orientation. 12. The structure according to claim 1, wherein the roof further comprises an eave and/or awning for protection of the dwelling from rain, sun and other natural elements. 13. The structure according to claim 1, wherein the roof is corrugated to aid in water capture and delivery. 14. The structure according to claim 1, wherein the roof further comprises a gutter to aid in water capture and delivery. 15. A method for providing a structure adapted for self-sufficiency, comprising: providing a foundation at a building site; selecting at least one habitability unit based on the environment of the building site; providing a prefabricated dwelling built off-site comprising: at least four walls; at least one habitability unit; and a roof; delivering the structure to the building site; and fitting the dwelling to the foundation at the building site. 16. The method according to claim 15, wherein the habitability unit is selected from the group consisting of a photovoltaic module/system, wind turbine, hydropower, solar water heating system, thermal ground storage system, vibration isolation system, hydronic system, water catchment system, battery bank, and combinations thereof. 17. The method according to claim 15, wherein the foundation further comprises an elevated foundation support system to situate the dwelling a distance above a ground plane. 18. The method according to claim 15, wherein the structure further comprises height adjustable stairs fitted to the structure. 19. The method according to claim 15, wherein the structure further comprises a systems management system for controlling and monitoring the system. 20. The method according to claim 15, wherein the structure further comprises a satellite communications system for remote control and monitoring of the structure. 21. The method according to claim 15, wherein the structure further comprises a composting toilet. 22. The method according to claim 15, wherein the structure further comprises an incinerating toilet. 23. The method according to claim 15, wherein the structure further comprises a greywater system for recycling water. 24. The method according to claim 15, wherein the structure further comprises a thermal ground storage system to store generated heat. 25. The method according to claim 15, wherein the roof is a shed roof configured to maximize solar panel orientation. 26. The method according to claim 15, wherein the roof of the structure further comprises an eave and/or awning for protection of the dwelling from rain, sun and other natural elements. 27. The method according to claim 15, wherein the roof of the structure is corrugated to aid in water capture and delivery. 28. The method according to claim 15, wherein the roof of the structure further comprises a gutter to aid in water capture and delivery. 