Various embodiments for providing remote delivery and monitoring of health care are provided. In one embodiment, an apparatus for providing unmanned medical care in remote areas to a patient is provided. A container is adapted for transport using a standardized shipping mechanism. The container is adapted to provide remote delivery of health care. In an additional embodiment, a portable apparatus for dermatological monitoring is provided. An imaging device is integrated into a housing. The imaging device is adapted to obtain a digital, high-resolution image of a patient. In still another embodiment, a portable apparatus for orthopedic monitoring of a patient is provided. A housing is adapted for one of positioning adjacent to and positioning within an orthopedic cast. A diagnostic biomedical device integrated into the housing. The diagnostic biomedical device is adapted for obtaining an orthopedic image of a portion of the patient treated with the orthopedic cast.
Claims 1. An apparatus for providing unmanned medical care in remote areas to a patient, comprising: a container adapted for transport using a standardized shipping mechanism, wherein the container provides for entry and secure accommodation of the patient for treatment; a patient interface housed within the container, the patient interface adapted for receiving a patient input from the patient during the treatment; a medical device interface coupled to the patient interface, the medical device interface having a communications port for facilitating a modular installation of a region-specific medical device to obtain medical information from the patient during the treatment; and a processor in communication with each of the medical device interface and the patient interface, wherein the processor is adapted for processing each of the patient input and the medical information obtained during the treatment in accordance with a directive of a medical professional. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, further including a power management device housed within the container, wherein the power management device is adapted for providing power to each of the patient interface, medical device interface, and processor. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the power management device includes at least one of a power generator, battery, solar interface device, and power interface compatible with a local power grid. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, further including a communications device connected to the processor for transmitting the patient input and the medical information to the medical professional. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the region-specific medical device includes one of a medical sampling device for obtaining patient data and a medical sample, a medical treatment device for administering a treatment regime to the patient, and dispensing device providing a dispensary to the patient. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the medical sampling device is adapted for obtaining at least one of temperature, weight, and blood pressure medical information and collecting at least one of blood, saliva, urine, and stool, and the dispensing device is adapted for dispensing at least one of a drug and a vaccine. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein the medical sampling device is adapted for, subsequent to completion of the treatment by the patient, destroying the medical sample for security and sterilization purposes. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein a portion of the container providing the secure accommodation of the patient for the treatment is adapted for automated sterilization. 9. A portable apparatus for dermatological monitoring, comprising: a housing; an imaging device integrated into the housing, wherein the imaging device is adapted for obtaining a digital, high-resolution, dermatological image of a patient; a processor device integrated into the housing and in communication with the imaging device, wherein the processor device is adapted for applying an anti-motion algorithm to the dermatological image to enhance image quality; and a wireless communications interface integrated into the housing and coupled to the processor device, wherein the wireless communications interface is adapted to upload the dermatological image to a remote server to be viewed by a medical professional. 10. The portable apparatus of claim 9, further including a memory device integrated into the housing and in communication with the processor device, wherein the memory device is adapted for storing the dermatological image. 11. The portable apparatus of claim 9, further including a power system integrated into the housing and in communication with the processor device, wherein the power system is adapted for providing electrical power to at least one of the imaging device, the processor device, and the wireless communications interface, wherein the power system includes a battery device, the battery device accessible through the housing, and further wherein the battery device includes an indicator light for indicating a battery status. 12. The portable apparatus of claim 9, further including an indicator light activated upon a successful capture of the dermatological image. 13. The portable apparatus of claim 9, further including an indicator light activated upon a successful upload of the dermatological image to the remote server. 14. The portable apparatus of claim 9, further including a lighting device coupled to the imaging device, wherein the lighting device is adapted for facilitating obtaining the dermatological image. 15. The portable apparatus of claim 9, wherein the wireless communications interface is compatible with an Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) communications protocol. 16. A portable apparatus for orthopedic monitoring of a patient, comprising: a housing adapted for one of positioning adjacent to and positioning within an orthopedic cast; a diagnostic biomedical device integrated into the housing, wherein the diagnostic biomedical device is adapted for obtaining an orthopedic image of a portion of the patient treated with the orthopedic cast; and a wireless communications interface coupled to the diagnostic biomedical device, wherein the wireless communications interface is adapted to upload the orthopedic image to a remote server to be viewed by a medical professional. 17. The portable apparatus of claim 16, further including a memory device in communication with the diagnostic biomedical device, wherein the memory device is adapted for storing the orthopedic image. 18. The portable apparatus of claim 16, further including a power system integrated into the housing and in communication with the diagnostic biomedical device, wherein the power system is adapted for providing electrical power to at least one of the diagnostic biomedical device and the wireless communications interface. 19. The portable apparatus of claim 18, wherein the power system includes a battery device, the battery device accessible through the housing, wherein the battery device includes an indicator light for indicating a battery status. 20. The portable apparatus of claim 16, wherein the diagnostic biomedical device comprises a ultrasonography device, the ultrasonography device including: an acoustic transducer adapted for sending and receiving pulses of sound, and a processor device for interpreting received pulses of sound and generating the orthopedic image. 21. The portable apparatus of claim 19, further including a an impedance-matching material positioned between the acoustic transducer and the housing to increase sound transfer efficiency. 22. The portable apparatus of claim 16, wherein the diagnostic biomedical device comprises an x-ray device, the x-ray device including an x-ray source and a detector device. 23. The portable apparatus of claim 22, wherein the x-ray source is shielded with a low-density insulating material containing a high-Z substance. 24. The portable apparatus of claim 16, further including at least one of: a first indicator light activated upon a successful capture of the orthopedic image, and a second indicator light activated upon a successful upload of the orthopedic image to the remote server. 25. The portable apparatus of claim 16, wherein the wireless communications interface is compatible with an Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) communications protocol. 