A system for determining the position of a tool mounted on a digging machine includes a monitoring appliance and several independent position-detecting devices each including: an attachment face including attachment elements held flush against an articulated component of the machine, a wireless communication module that sends data to the monitoring appliance, an independent electrical power supply source, a processing unit, an electronic module with angular position sensors. The devices are distributed so that each is on a different articulated part of the machine. The devices need no cables and are easy to fit. Signals emitted by the devices are received by the monitoring appliance, which calculates a set point for positioning the tool. The set point is displayed on a screen for viewing by an operator located in a cab.
Claims 1. An angular position detecting device to be fitted to an articulated component of a digging machine having at least one attachment face equipped with attachment elements for holding the attachment face flush against a flat moving surface of a machine element, and a module for sending by magnetic induction data to a receiver on a distant monitoring appliance, the device being arranged for accommodating the following under at least one housing or envelope fixed to the attachment face: an independent electrical power supply source, a processing unit, an electronic position-detecting module, the electronic position-detecting module including at least one angular position sensor for supplying angular position data to the processing unit, the communication module including a transmitter having a wireless interface connected to the processing unit for remotely transmitting the angular position data to the monitoring appliance as a transmission signal; the attachment elements of the attachment face being removable attachment elements including at least one magnet, and having no screws so that the removable attachment elements can be attached manually without the use of tools. 2. A device according to claim 1, wherein the attachment face is flat. 3. A device according to claim 1, wherein the transmitter with the wireless interface on the communication module is arranged for including an identifier for the angular positioning detecting device in the transmission signal. 4. A device according claim 1, further including an independent electrical power supply source for supplying power to the electronic position-detecting module, the electric power source including at least one battery that is adapted to be charged by at least one photovoltaic cell. 5. A device according to claim 4, wherein the at least one photovoltaic cell is mounted on at least one solar panel opposite to the attachment face. 6. A device according to claim 5, wherein all the components are mounted on the back of the attachment face, the components and associated solar panels being covered by a transparent protective housing. 7. A device according to claim 1, wherein each angular position sensor includes an accelerometer sensor. 8. A device according to claim 1, wherein the attachment elements of the attachment face include cavities or notches for positioning the attachment face along a favoured direction. 9. An angular position-detecting device in a system for determining the position of a tool mounted on an articulated arm of a digging machine having a monitoring appliance; each of the detection devices including: at least one attachment face equipped with removable attachment elements including at least one magnet, to be held flush against an articulated component of the digging machine without the need to use screws, a communication module for remotely transmitting data to a receiver on the monitoring appliance, an independent electrical power supply source, a processing unit, and an electronic position-detecting module, each of the electronic position-detecting modules including at least one angular position sensor for supplying angular position data to the processing unit, the communication module including a transmitter having a wireless interface connected to the processing unit for remotely transmitting the angular position data to the monitoring appliance in a transmission signal, the detection devices being distributed so each of the detection devices is on different articulated parts of the digging machine, and the monitoring appliance includes: a wireless communication receiver for receiving the transmission signal, a user interface having a display screen, and a module for calculating the position of the tool in response to the angular position data emitted by all the detection devices. 10. The detection device according to claim 9, wherein the transmitter with the wireless interface on the communication module of each of the detection devices is arranged for transmitting an identifier in the transmission signal. 11. The detection device according to claim 9, wherein the independent electrical power source includes at least one battery that is adapted to be charged by at least one photovoltaic cell. 12. The detection device according to claim 9, wherein the attachment face is flat. 13. The detection device according to claim 9, wherein the computing module is arranged to compare the calculated position of the tool with a reference depth arranged to be derived via the user interface, the computing module being arranged to respond to an indication of the comparison by (a) determining a set point for vertical adjustment of the tool, (b) a signal that is representative of the set point, and (c) supplying the set point representing signal to the display screen. 14. A system for determining the position of a tool of an excavation machine having a chassis, a support arm pivotally attached to the chassis, a bucket arm having first and second ends, the first end being pivotally attached on the support arm, a bucket pivotally attached to the second end of the bucket arm, an actuator system for operating (a) the support arm, (b) the bucket arm and (c) the tool in response to control signals; three angular position-detecting devices, each including a transmitter with a wireless interface and an independent electrical power source, the three angular position-detecting devices being respectively positioned by magnets on the support arm, the bucket arm and the tool; a user interface for controlling the actuator system; and a monitoring appliance adapted to operate in liaison with the user interface, the monitoring appliance including a wireless communication receiver for receiving signals adapted to be delivered by the transmitters of the three detection devices. 15. The system for determining the position of a tool on a machine according to claim 14, wherein the transmitter has a wireless interface on the communication module of each of the detection devices and is arranged to include an identifier in the transmission signal, the monitoring appliance including a correspondence table for associating an angular position, included in the transmission signal, with an articulated component selected from (a) the support arm, (b) the bucket arm and (c) the tool, this association being arranged to be established in response to the detection device detecting the identifier transmitted with the angular position in the transmission signal. 16. The system for determining the position of a tool on a machine according to claim 14, wherein the transmitters and the receiver are arranged to employ radio waves at a given frequency. 17. The system for determining the position of a tool of a machine according to claim 14, wherein the monitoring appliance includes: a memory for storing a reference depth parameter; a module for calculating the set point for vertical movement of the tool in response to angular position data supplied by the three detection devices, and of the reference depth parameter; a link to a display screen on the user interface for supplying the display screen with the result of the set point calculation. 18. The system for determining the position of a tool on a machine according to claim 14, wherein the support arm or the detection device on the support arm includes a linear laser receiver device for detecting the passage of the linear laser receiver at a height that is defined by a reference laser plane, the linear laser receiver device including a wireless communication module for sending laser beam detection data in a transmission signal to the monitoring appliance. 19. The system for determining the position of a tool on a machine according to claim 18, wherein the linear laser receiver device includes at least one linear reception cell having aligned photodiodes. 