A solar LED lamp for lighting purpose includes a fixing box, a covering member mounted on the fixing box and a plurality of LED modules attached to a bottom of the covering member. The covering member includes a top plate fixed to a top of the fixing box, a solar panel disposed over a top surface of the top plate and a mounting bracket fixed to a bottom of the top plate and located in front of the fixing box. The LED modules are attached to a bottom of the mounting bracket. The solar panel is provided for receiving solar energy and converting the solar energy into electrical energy which is used to activate the LED modules.
Claims 1. A solar LED lamp for lighting purpose comprising: a fixing box having a retaining pole extending therefrom for fixing the solar LED lamp to a selected position; a covering member comprising a top plate fixed to a top of the fixing box, a solar panel disposed over a top surface of the top plate and a mounting bracket fixed to a bottom of the top plate and located in front of the fixing box; and a plurality of LED modules attached to a bottom of the mounting bracket; wherein the solar panel is adapted for receiving solar energy and converting the solar energy into electrical energy which is used to activate the LED modules. 2. The solar LED lamp of claim 1, wherein the mounting bracket comprises a mounting plate separated from the top plate and two engaging flanges extending upwardly toward the top plate to connect with the top plate. 3. The solar LED lamp of claim 2, wherein the covering member further comprises a connecting plate which is attached to the bottom of the top plate and connected with the engaging flanges of the bracket. 4. The solar LED lamp of claim 3, wherein two connecting flanges are extended downwardly toward the mounting bracket from two opposite lateral edges of a front part of the connecting plate and respectively engage with two inner sides of the engaging flanges of the mounting bracket to thus couple the connecting plate and the mounting bracket together. 5. The solar LED lamp of claim 4, wherein a plurality of spaced fixing posts extend downwardly from a bottom surface of a rear part of the connecting plate and are inserted into the top of the fixing box to fix the covering member onto the fixing box. 6. The solar LED lamp of claim 2, wherein the mounting bracket comprises a plurality of parallel vertical sheets extending downwardly from a bottom surface of the mounting plate and a plurality of elongated fixing sheets respectively formed at bottom ends of the vertical sheets. 7. The solar LED lamp of claim 6, wherein each the fixing sheet has an inclined bottom surface on which a corresponding one of the LED modules is attached. 8. The solar LED lamp of claim 7, wherein the fixing sheets are divided into two groups each facing a neighboring one of two lateral sides of the mounting plate of the mounting bracket, each of the fixing sheets arranged at an acute angle to the mounting plate, the fixing sheets being symmetrical relative to a midline of the mounting plate of the mounting bracket. 9. The solar LED lamp of claim 8, wherein the vertical sheets are parallel to the two engaging flanges of the mounting bracket and have heights decreasing from the midline toward the two lateral sides of the mounting plate of the mounting bracket. 10. The solar LED lamp of claim 1, wherein the fixing box comprises a receiving box and a connecting part at a top of the receiving box, the covering member engaging with a top of the connecting part, the connecting part having curve-shaped front and rear sides. 11. The solar LED lamp of claim 10, wherein the connecting part has an inclined top surface with a level lowering continuously from a front toward a rear thereof, the covering member being disposed on the inclined top surface with a front end of the covering member tilting upwardly. 12 The solar LED lamp of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of light-guiding member, each light-guiding module mounted to a corresponding LED module and comprising a plurality of guiding units respectively in alignment with a plurality of LEDs mounted on the LED module. 13 The solar LED lamp of claim 12, further comprising a housing engaging with a bottom of the mounting bracket to enclose the LED modules and the light-guiding modules therein. 14 The solar LED lamp of claim 13, wherein the housing comprises a lens and a retaining frame, the lens having an annular retaining flange and a covering part projecting downwardly from an inner edge of the retaining flange, the retaining frame having a frame part with a through hole in a central part thereof and a front plate curving upwardly from a front edge of the frame part and rested on the bottom of the top plate of the covering member. 15. The solar LED lamp of claim 14, wherein the annular retaining flange is received in an annular receiving groove defined in a bottom surface of the mounting bracket and sandwiched between the frame part of the retaining frame and the mounting bracket, the covering part enclosing the LED modules and the light-guiding modules therein and extending downwardly through the through hole of the frame part of the retaining frame. 