It may be desirable to reduce the energy consumption of a home or commercial building to control energy costs or to ensure that the energy consumption does not exceed what is available in non-conventional energy systems such as solar power systems. The present invention relates to a system of network control nodes that can be used to monitor and control devices such as appliances and lights to ensure that the power consumption of the entire network is within the established target levels.
Claims 1. A home network control node device that controls the power applied to an attached device under control and that communicates with a system of home network control nodes over a main communications bus and can download instructions to local memory for local execution based on events that occur in the system of home network control nodes where the downloaded instructions comprise: an event condition that specifies the event condition that will trigger the invocation of the rule; a condition part that is a logical test condition that when satisfied will trigger the invocation of the rule action; and a rule action part that performs a specified action. 2. The home network control node device of claim 1, wherein the home network control node device is utilized in a system to control the total energy consumption in a solar powered or alternative energy system. 3. The home network control node device of claim 1, wherein the home network control node device measures the energy usage of the attached device under control. 4. The home network control node device of claim 1, where the turning on of the attached device under control is based on the power consumption of the attached device under control. 5. The home network control node device of claim 1, where the turning on of the attached device under control is based on the priority of the attached device under control. 6. The home network control node device of claim 1, where the turning on of the attached device under control is based on the available energy of the network. 7. A home network control node device that communicates with a system of home network control nodes over a main communications bus and where the home network control node device controls the operation of an attached device under control based on the energy consumption of the network of attached devices under control. 8. The home network control node device of claim 7, wherein the home network control node device is utilized in a system to control the total energy consumption in a solar powered or alternative energy system. 9. The home network control node device of claim 7, wherein the home network control node device measures the energy usage of the attached device under control. 10. The home network control node device of claim 7, where the turning on of the attached device under control is based on the power consumption of the attached device under control. 11. The home network control node device of claim 7, where the turning on of the attached device under control is based on the priority of the attached device under control. 12. The home network control node device of claim 7, where the turning on of the attached device under control is based on the available energy of the network. 13. A method of using a system of home network control devices that communicate over a main communications bus to monitor and control attached devices under control to ensure that the power consumption of the entire network of devices under control is within the established target levels or within the power available to the network comprising the steps of: determining the current power consumption of all attached devices under control in the network; determining, when a device under control is to be turned on, the power consumption of the device under control from a stored value of the device under controls power consumption or from a current or previous actual measurement of the device under control power consumption; determining, based on the current power consumption of the network of devices under control and the power consumption of the device under control that is to be turned on, whether the network can accommodate the additional power consumption of the device under control that is to be turned on; wherein, if the network can accommodate the additional power consumption of the device under control that is to be turned on then the network control node device will update the network with the power consumption level of the device under control that is to be turned on and will then turn on the device under control that is to be turned on; wherein, if the network can not accommodate the additional power consumption of the device under control that is to be turned on then the network control node device will monitor the power consumption of the network of devices under control and will turn on the device under control when the network can accommodate the additional power consumption of the device under control that is to be turned on. 14. The method of claim 11, wherein the home network control node device is utilized in a system to control the total energy consumption of all devices under control in the home network in a solar powered or alternative energy system. 15. The method of claim 11, wherein, if the network can not accommodate the additional power consumption of the device under control that is to be turned on then the network control node device will be placed into a queue for scheduling. 16. The method of claim 15, where the queue scheduling is maintained and controlled by a centralized controller. 17. The method of claim 15, were the queue scheduling is administered by the home network control node collective where the home network control node devices act as a distributed cluster of processing units that work collectively to manage the start times and operation of the devices under control. 18. The method of claim 15, where the queue scheduling is a round robin scheduling queue 19. The method of claim 15, where the queue scheduling is based on one or more attributes of the device under control. 20. The method of claim 19, where the attributes of the device under control include one or more the following: anticipated time that the device under control will be on for; the assigned priority of the device under control; power consumption of the device under control. 