Thin flat crack-free freestanding nitride layers are fabricated by laser patterning of the interface and/or opposing surface of the nitride layer. The nitride layer is substantially flat once removed from the non-native substrate. The thin flat crack free nitride layers are between 3 and 250 microns thick and can have areas greater than 1 cm.sup.2.
Claims 1. A nitride layer comprising a freestanding nitride layer having a thickness between 5 and 250 microns; and stress control features on at least one side of said freestanding nitride layer 2. The nitride layer of claim 1 wherein said freestanding nitride layer is in the form of tapes, foils, wafers, ribbons, and tapes and wherein said freestanding nitride layer is composed of substantially single crystal GaN, AlN, AlGaN, InGaN, InAlGaN, InN, InAlN, BN or dilute nitrides. 3. The nitride layer of claim 1 wherein said stress control features are spaced between 1 and 100 microns, have a width between 1 and 50 microns, and have a depth to width ratio greater than 0.1. 4. The nitride layer of claim 1 further comprising at least one via in said freestanding nitride layer. 5. The nitride layer of claim 5 wherein said at least one via is formed by laser ablation, etching, drilling, or sandblasting. 6. The nitride layer of claim 1 wherein said freestanding nitride layer has at least two of the following structures: MQWs, 2DEGs, SQWs, DHJ, HEMTs, SHJ, PN, laser diode, EELED, or other semiconductor optoelectronic structures. 7. The nitride layer of claim 6 wherein said at least two of the following structures are on at least two different surfaces of said freestanding nitride layer. 8. The nitride layer of claim 1 further comprising micro cooling features on said freestanding nitride layer. 9. The nitride layer of claim 1 further comprising at least one 3 dimensional element for alignment on said freestanding nitride layer. 10. The nitride layer of claim 1 further comprising a flexible freestanding nitride layer; and a higher crystal quality nitride layer formed on said flexible freestanding nitride layer. 11. The nitride layer of claim 1 further comprising a flexible freestanding nitride layer; at least one laser cut via formed on said flexible freestanding nitride layer; and a contact means formed on said flexible freestanding nitride layer. 12. The nitride layer of claim 1 further comprising at least light emitting device within said freestanding nitride layer; and at least one control device within said freestanding nitride layer. 13. The nitride layer of claim 1 wherein said freestanding nitride layer has at least one of the following elements: an omni directional Reflector (ODR) which is diffuse, specular, or contains electrical interconnect means; reflective metal which does or does not form ohmic contact to the freestanding nitride layer: a printed conductor; an adhesive layer; a wire grid polarizer; a photonic crystal; a microoptical element; or a dichroic element. 14. The nitride layer of claim 1 further comprising a coating surrounding said freestanding nitride layer. 15. The nitride layer of claim 14 wherein said coated freestanding nitride layer is within a semiconductor structure device of a heatsink, a drug delivery systems, a RFID tag, an epiwafer, or an actuator. 16. The nitride layer of claim 14 wherein said coated freestanding nitride layer further comprises an optical element, an optoelectronic element, a MEMs element, or an electrical element. 17. The nitride layer of claim 1 further comprising at least one hinge on said freestanding nitride layer. 18. The nitride layer of claim 1 further comprising an alignment feature within said freestanding nitride layer; at least one piezoelectric element within said freestanding nitride layer; and control electronics within said freestanding nitride layer. 19. The nitride layer of claim 1 wherein said freestanding nitride layer is a heatspreader with a thermal conductivity greater than 150 W/m/K. 20. The nitride layer of claim 1 wherein said freestanding nitride layer is a heatspreader with a crystal orientation that substantially matches the crystal orientation of a device being cooled. 21. The nitride layer of claim 1 wherein said freestanding nitride layer has been spatially modified using actinic radiation. 22. A semiconductor structure device comprising at least one freestanding nitride layer. 23. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising a substantially single crystal nitride interconnect of at least one freestanding nitride layer. 24. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising a substantially single crystal nitride circuit of at least one freestanding nitride layer; said substantially single crystal nitride circuit being a LED, a diode, a laser diode, a passive electronic device, or active electronic device. 25. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising at least one electrical element of a resistor, a capacitor, a diode, a transistor, or an optoelectronic elements of a LED, a laser diode, a tunable grating, or a MEMS. 26. The semiconductor structure device of claim 25 further comprising said at least one electrical element being at least two electrical elements; said at least two electrical elements being interconnected within said at least one freestanding nitride layer. 27. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising a circuit containing at least one freestanding nitride layer. 28. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising a multi-layered circuit containing at least two freestanding nitride layers. 29. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising a multi-layered circuit containing at least two freestanding nitride layers and at least one bondply 30. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising at least one flexible freestanding nitride layer bonded to at least one non-flat cooling means. 31. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising at least two freestanding nitride layers; wherein at least one freestanding nitride layer is textured to form channels; said at least two freestanding nitride layers bonded together by bondply to form cooling channels. 31. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising a substantially unconstrained LED containing said freestanding nitride layer. 32. The semiconductor structure device of claim 31 further comprising immersion means or impingement means to cool said substantially unconstrained LED. 33. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising at least one cleaved edge of said freestanding nitride layer forming a nitride laser diode or an EELED. 34. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising an array of light emitting devices on said at least one freestanding nitride layer; said at least one freestanding nitride layer having an embedded current spreading means. 35. The semiconductor structure device of claim 35 further comprising said embedded current spreading means formed at least partially using electroplating. 36. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising at least one solar cell deposited, adhesively attached, soldered, grown, or mechanically fastened to said at least one freestanding nitride layer. 37. The semiconductor structure device of claim 36 further comprising a solar powered light source consisting of said at least one solar cell; at least one LED deposited on said at least one freestanding nitride layer: and at least one element to store, convert, monitor, and block the charge from said at least one solar cell and said at least one LED. 38. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising a piezoelectric element containing at least one freestanding nitride layer. 39. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising an optomechanical assembly; said optomechanical assembly having at least one light emitting device within said at least one freestanding nitride layer; said at least one freestanding nitride layer being a piezoelectric element capable of mechanically moving said at least one light emitting device. 40. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising a large area diode formed by waferbonding at least two freestanding nitride layers. 41. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising mechanical devices formed using laser cut freestanding nitride layers. 42. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising optical windows formed using at least one freestanding nitride layers; said optical windows having dichroic coatings, polarization layers, birefringent layers, photonic crystals structures, subwavelength structures, cladding layers, or luminescent layers. 43. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising a drug delivery system containing at least one freestanding nitride layer, said drug delivery system having at least one of the following elements: receivers, charge storage elements, piezoelectric actuators, antennas, or optical absorbers. 44. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising a bio-compatible laser therapy device containing at least one freestanding nitride layer. 45. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising an implantable radiation therapy device containing at least one freestanding nitride layer. 46. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising a nitride device which emits actinic radiation to enhance cellular growth. 47. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising a freestanding nitride layer textured for enhanced cellular attachment. 48. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising at least one freestanding nitride layer which emits actinic radiation to control, destroy, detect, or modify a biological element. 49. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising a freestanding nitride layer based actuator used to redirect light. 50. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising a freestanding nitride layer based actuator used to redirect fluids, gases, or particles. 51. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising at least one freestanding nitride layer acting as a piezoelectric actuator to form a cutting tool. 52. The semiconductor structure device of claim 22 further comprising at least two freestanding nitride layers bonded together by adhesives, glasses, evaporation, fusion bonding, or wafer bonding, to form an assembly. 53. A method of lateral regrowth on at least one side of a freestanding nitride layer comprising: laser ablation of high aspect ratio features in said freestanding nitride layer, photochemical, chemical, or mechanical etching of said high aspect ratio features; formation of at least one sacrificial layer prior to said laser ablation; and at least one epitaxial regrowth step which preferentially favors later growth. 54. A method of forming a higher quality nitride layer on a freestanding nitride layer comprising deposition of a sacrificial layer on said freestanding nitride layer; formation of trenches; and lateral overgrowth to form said higher quality nitride layer. 55. A method comprising forming high crystal quality low stress nitride alloys based on growth on flexible freestanding nitride layers. 56. A method comprising using an array of cleaved interfaces from freestanding nitride layers to form high quality nitride layers 57. The method of claim 56 wherein said high quality nitride layers are substantially non-polar in orientation. 58. A process comprising formation of excess gallium on at least one surface of at least two freestanding nitride layers; and application of heat and pressure to the at least two freestanding nitride layers. 