A solar photovoltaic concentrator panel comprises a Fresnel lens concentrator which may be arched and a photovoltaic receiver within a container comprising a top window. The lens, photovoltaic cell, and window may be affixed in a container with no internal sun-tracking mechanisms or related internal moving parts such as motors, drive systems, or bearings. The window is transparent and the bottom of the container typically dimensioned and configured as a heat exchanger to passively dissipate waste heat from the photovoltaic receiver to the ambient environment. The Fresnel lens concentrator is typically a free-standing Fresnel lens concentrator disposed within the container at a fixed position relative to an interior dimension of the container, optically forming a focal region of concentrated sunlight. The photovoltaic receiver comprises a photovoltaic cell or group of such cells disposed within the container and attached to the bottom at a fixed position relative to an interior dimension of the container to maintain alignment of a predetermined portion of the photovoltaic receiver within the focal region of the free-standing Fresnel lens concentrator.
Claims 1. A solar photovoltaic concentrator panel, comprising: a. a container, the container further comprising: i. a top, the top comprising a transparent window; and ii. a bottom, the top and the bottom defining a plurality of ends; and b. a free-standing Fresnel lens concentrator disposed within the container at a fixed position relative to an interior dimension of the container, the Fresnel lens concentrator refracting incident sunlight into a predetermined focal region within the container; and c. a photovoltaic receiver disposed within the container and attached to the bottom within a predetermined portion of the focal region, the photovoltaic receiver comprising a photovoltaic cell. 2. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 1, wherein the window is dimensioned and configured to allow incident light into the container and to protect the Fresnel lens and the photovoltaic receiver from exposure to a predetermined set of weather elements, the window otherwise not comprising any lens features. 3. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 1, wherein the window comprises a glass. 4. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 3, wherein the glass further comprises an anti-reflection coating on a predetermined side of the window. 5. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 3, wherein the glass is around 1 meter wide by around 1.5 meters long. 6. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 1, wherein the window is coextensive with all of the top. 7. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 1, wherein the window comprises a transparent polymer. 8. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 1, wherein the container is dimensioned and configured to be substantially weather-proof. 9. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic concentrator panel further comprises: a. a side disposed intermediate the top and the bottom; and b. an end plate attached to the side. 10. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 9, wherein the container further comprises a water-tight seal disposed intermediate the top, bottom, and side. 11. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 10, wherein the container further comprises a water-tight seal disposed intermediate the top and bottom. 12. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 9, wherein the top, bottom, side, and end plate comprise a non-flammable material. 13. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 9, wherein: a. the side is a plurality of sides; b. the end plate is a plurality of end plates; and c. the sides and end plates are dimensioned and configured to close out the container. 14. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 13, wherein the container further comprises a single-piece of sheet metal forming the top, bottom, sides, and end plates of the container as a single unit. 15. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic receiver is mounted to a predetermined inner surface of the container. 16. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic receiver comprises a plurality of photovoltaic receivers. 17. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 1, further comprising a predetermined electronic component operatively interconnected to the photovoltaic receiver. 18. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 17, wherein the electronic component comprises at least one of a DC-to-DC voltage converter, a DC-to-AC inverter, and a sun-tracking controller. 19. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 1, wherein the container further comprises a conduit between at an external surface and the interior of the container, the conduit dimensioned and configured to prevent a pressure differential between the interior of the container and outside air. 20. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 1, wherein: a. the Fresnel lens concentrator is arched; and b. the arched Fresnel lens concentrator is attached to a lens carrier. 21. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 20, wherein: a. the lens carrier comprises a plurality of lens carriers, each further comprising an end arch; and b. the arched Fresnel lens concentrator is attached to two end arches. 22. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 21, wherein the arched Fresnel lens concentrator is a plurality of attached arched Fresnel lens concentrators dimensioned and configured such that there is one arched Fresnel lens concentrator per photovoltaic receiver. 23. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 1, wherein the Fresnel lens concentrator comprises an acrylic and is around 0.25 mm thick and made by a continuous roll-to-roll process. 24. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 1, wherein the Fresnel lens concentrator is mounted within the container independently of the window and is not bonded to the window. 25. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 1, wherein: a. the Fresnel lens concentrator is secured along a predetermined border of the Fresnel lens concentrator into a lens carrier; and b. the lens carrier is supported at its ends or incrementally along its length to maintain its position relative to the center of the photovoltaic receiver, thereby ensuring that the focal line produced by the Fresnel lens concentrator remains centered on the photovoltaic receiver. 26. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 1, wherein each Fresnel lens concentrator is separated from the window. 27. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 1, further comprising: a. a lens support disposed proximate each of the plurality of ends; b. wherein i. the Fresnel lens concentrator is secured at each of the plurality of ends to the lens supports; and ii. the lens supports are dimensioned and configured to provide a tension force to support the Fresnel lens concentrator as a tensioned member and maintain a position of the Fresnel lens concentrator relative to a center of the photovoltaic receiver, iii. whereby a focal line produced by the Fresnel lens concentrator remains substantially centered on the photovoltaic receiver. 28. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 1, wherein: a. the photovoltaic receiver comprises a plurality of photovoltaic cells operatively interconnected into a photovoltaic cell circuit; and b. the photovoltaic receiver is attached to a carrier which serves as the mounting surface for the photovoltaic cells. 29. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 28, wherein the carrier is dimensioned and configured to serve as an electrical insulator that prevents shorting of the photovoltaic cell to the bottom of the photovoltaic concentrator panel. 30. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 28, wherein the carrier comprises at least one of a flex circuit or a printed circuit board. 31. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 28, wherein the carrier comprises a plurality of independent dielectric film layers disposed below the photovoltaic concentrator cell circuit. 32. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic receiver is mounted on a heat exchanger attached to the bottom. 33. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 32, wherein the heat exchanger further comprises a fluid conduit at least partially disposed within the heat exchanger, the heat exchanger further comprising a substantially flat upper surface to which the photovoltaic receiver is mounted. 34. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 33, further comprising a fluid pump in fluid communication with the fluid conduit. 35. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 33, further comprising a fluid distribution system in fluid communication with the fluid conduit. 36. A solar photovoltaic concentrator panel, comprising: a. a container, the container further comprising: i. a top; the top comprising a transparent window; and ii. a bottom dimensioned and configured as a passively cooled heat sink dimensioned and configured to dissipate waste heat to an ambient environment by at least one of convection and radiation; iii. the top and bottom defining a plurality of ends; b. a free-standing Fresnel lens concentrator disposed within the container at a fixed position relative to a first interior dimension of the container, the Fresnel lens concentrator optically forming a focal region of concentrated sunlight within the container; and c. a photovoltaic receiver, the photovoltaic receiver comprising a photovoltaic cell, the photovoltaic receiver disposed within the container and attached to the bottom at a fixed position relative to a centerline of the lens such that a focal region of concentrated sunlight from the Fresnel lens concentrator substantially coincides with the photovoltaic receiver. 37. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 36, further comprising a plurality of end supports dimensioned and configured to support the free-standing Fresnel lens concentrator. 38. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 37, wherein the end supports are further configured to provide an end-to-end tensioning force into the free-standing Fresnel lens concentrators. 39. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 37, wherein the end supports comprise a substantially arched end disposed proximate to the free-standing Fresnel lens concentrator. 40. A solar photovoltaic concentrator panel, comprising: a. a container, the container further comprising: i. a top, the top comprising a transparent window; and ii. a bottom dimensioned and configured as a passively cooled heat sink dimensioned and configured to dissipate waste heat from a photovoltaic cell to an ambient environment by convection and radiation; iii. the top and bottom defining a plurality of ends; b. a plurality of polymeric Fresnel lens optical concentrators disposed within the container, each polymeric Fresnel lens optical concentrator being disposed at a predetermined position relative to a first interior dimension of the container, each polymeric Fresnel lens concentrator optically forming a focal region of concentrated sunlight within the container; and c. a plurality of photovoltaic receivers, each disposed within the container and attached to the bottom, each photovoltaic receiver being disposed at a predetermined position relative to a centerline of a corresponding one of the polymeric Fresnel lens concentrators such that the focal region of concentrated sunlight from each polymeric Fresnel lens concentrator substantially coincides with a corresponding photovoltaic receiver, each photovoltaic receiver further comprising a photovoltaic cell; and d. a lens support dimensioned and configured to independently connect a predetermined polymeric Fresnel lens concentrator to the bottom proximate to its corresponding photovoltaic receiver and to support and align the polymeric Fresnel lens concentrator such that its focal region remains substantially coincident with its associated photovoltaic receiver. 41. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 40 further comprising a plurality of sides and end plates disposed intermediate the top and bottom, the top, sides, end plates, and bottom comprising a substantially non-flammable material. 42. A solar photovoltaic concentrator panel, comprising: a. a container, the container further comprising: i. a top, the top comprising a transparent window; ii. a bottom; iii. a plurality of sides disposed at outer boundaries of the container intermediate the top and bottom; iv. a plurality of end plates disposed at outer boundaries of the container intermediate the top and bottom; v. the bottom, sides, and end plates further dimensioned and configured to enclose a predetermined volume of the container beneath the window; b. a Fresnel lens optical concentrator disposed within the container at a predetermined position relative to a first interior dimension of the container, the Fresnel lens concentrator optically forming a focal ,region of concentrated sunlight within the container; c. a fluid cooled heat sink further comprising a fluid conduit, the fluid cooled heat sink attached to the bottom; d. a photovoltaic receiver disposed within the container, the photovoltaic receiver operatively in communication with the fluid cooled heat sink, the photovoltaic receiver and the heat sink being further disposed at a predetermined position relative to a centerline of the corresponding lens such that a focal region of concentrated sunlight from the Fresnel lens optical concentrator substantially coincides with a corresponding photovoltaic receiver, the photovoltaic receiver further comprising a photovoltaic cell; and e. a support dimensioned and configured to independently connect the Fresnel lens optical concentrator to the heat sink of its corresponding photovoltaic receiver and to support and align the Fresnel lens optical concentrator such that its focal region remains substantially coincident with the photovoltaic receiver. 43. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 42, wherein the fluid is a liquid. 44. The solar photovoltaic concentrator panel of claim 43, further comprising a pump in fluid communication with the liquid. 