A system and method of merging virtual reality sensory detail from a remote site into a room environment at a local site. The system preferably includes at least one image server; a plurality of image collection devices; a display system, comprising display devices, a control unit, digital processor and a viewer position detector. The control unit preferably receives the viewer position information and transmits instructions to the digital processor. The digital processor preferably processes source data representing an aggregated field of view from the image capturing devices in accordance with the instructions received from the control unit and outputs refined data representing a desired display view to be displayed on the one or more display devices wherein the viewer position detector dynamically determines the position of the viewer in the room environment and changes the desired display view corresponding to position changes of the viewer.
Claims 1. A system of merging virtual reality sensory detail into a room environment at a local site the system comprising: at least one image server; a plurality of image collection devices; a display system, the display system comprising: one or more display devices; a control unit, a digital processor; and a viewer position detector, the viewer position detector configured to determine a position of an occupant at the local site relative to the one or more display devices, and to electronically communicate the viewer position information to the control unit; wherein the control unit is configured to receive the viewer position information and transmit instructions to the digital processor in accordance with a predetermined display scheme; the digital processor is configured to receive the instructions from the control unit, and to receive, from the image server, source data representing an aggregated field of view captured by the plurality of image capturing devices, and the digital processor is further configured to process the source data in accordance with the instructions received from the control unit and to output refined data representing a desired display view and the one or more display devices are configured to receive the refined data, and display the desired display view; and wherein the viewer position detector dynamically determines the position of the viewer in the room environment and, upon transmission of the viewer position information to the control unit, the control unit instructs the digital processor to process the source data to produce refined data that represents changes to the desired display view corresponding to position changes of the viewer. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the display device is placed over an existing window at the local site. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the viewer position detector comprises an RFID component. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the display system further comprises a user interface device that is configured to receive data from a viewer and transmit that data to the control unit to affect changes to the predetermined display scheme. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein the display device further comprises speakers. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein the control unit has interchangeable components. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the display device further comprises solar panels to power the display device. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein the plurality of image collection devices are part of a panoramic imaging system. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein the display device is an organic light emitting diode display. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein the at least on of the display devices is mounted on a grid fixed backing that is configured to allow the replacement of components of the display devices. 11. A system of merging virtual reality sensory detail from a remote site into a room environment at a local site, the system comprising: at least one image collection device configured to collect a plurality of image streams from a remote site, the image streams comprising images and related data; a processor configured to receive the image streams via a communications link from the at least one image collection device and processing said related data; a viewer position detecting device; a display controller configured to receive data from the viewer position detecting device, and the processed data from the processor; a first display device located at the local site; and wherein the display controller causes the first display device to show images from a particular image stream from the plurality of image streams based upon the data received from the occupant position sensing device and the processed data. 12. The system of claim 11 wherein at least one of the display device is placed over an existing window at the local site. 13. The system of claim 11 further comprising a second display device wherein the display controller causes the second display device to show images from a different image stream than the first display device so that the images shown by the first display device conform in some manner with the images shown by the second display device. 14. The system of claim 11 wherein the display system further comprises a user interface device that is configured to receive data from a viewer and transmit that data to the display controller to affect the images shown on the first display device. 15. The system of claim 11 wherein the display device further comprises speakers. 16. The system of claim 11 wherein the display controller has interchangeable components. 17. The system of claim 11 wherein the at least on of the display devices is mounted on a grid fixed backing that is configured to allow the replacement of components of the display devices. 18. A method of merging virtual reality sensory detail from a remote site into a room environment at a local site, the method comprising: collecting a plurality of image streams from a remote site; sending the plurality of images and related data to a processor via a communications link; processing the related data to represent an aggregated field of view of at least a portion of the remote site; receiving the processed data from the processor via a communications link at a display controller device; monitoring a viewer position detector to track the location of an occupant at the local site; transmitting data related to the location of the occupant to the display controller device; determining an appropriate image stream based on the processed data and the transmitted data; transmitting instructions to a digital processor to output refined data from the plurality of image streams representing a desired display view; and displaying the desired display view on one or more display devices at the local site. 19. The method of claim 18 further comprising: inputting additional data at a user interface to represent additional preferences of the occupant in displaying the desired display view. 