This invention relates to a method for producing solar cells, and photovoltaic panels thereof. The method for producing solar panels comprises employing a number of semiconductor wafers and/or semiconductor sheets of films prefabricated to prepare them for back side metallization, which are placed and attached adjacent to each other and with their front side facing downwards onto the back side of the front glass, before subsequent processing that includes depositing at least one metal layer covering the entire front glass including the back side of the attached wafers/sheets of films. The metallic layer is then patterned/divided into electrically isolated contacts for each solar cell and into interconnections between adjacent solar cells.
Claims 1.-25. (canceled) 26. Method for producing solar panels/modules comprising: employing a number of semiconductor wafers which are pre-processed to a point where at least their front surface is made ready to be mounted onto a front glass of the solar panel/module, but which also may include one or more process steps for the back-side of the wafers up to, but not including, the metallization for forming electric contacts, placing and attaching the intended number of the pre-processed wafers adjacent to each other and with their front side facing downwards onto the back side of the front glass, depositing at least one metal layer covering the back side of the front glass including the back side of the pre-processed wafers, and patterning/dividing the deposited metal layer(s) into at least one individual region forming the electrical contacts for each solar cell and the module interconnections between adjacent solar cells. 27. Method according to claim 26, wherein the pre-processing of the front surface of the wafers comprises one or more of the following process steps: surface texturing/damage etching, in-diffusion of doping elements, deposition of surface passivation films, and deposition of anti-reflective coating, and in that the pre-processing of the back surface comprises one or more of the following process steps: deposition and diffusion of doping elements, deposition and patterned etching of hetero junction contact layers, deposition of back-side reflective coating, deposition of back-side surface passivation layers, localised etching of passivation layers for forming contact openings to the doped regions of the underlying wafer/sheets of film, texturing, and smoothing/planarizing of wafer edges. 28. Method according to claim 26, wherein the metallization includes depositing a stacked system of metal layers which is patterned/divided into at least one individual region forming the electrical contacts for each solar cell and the module interconnections between adjacent solar cells. 29. Method according to claim 26, wherein the wafers are attached to the transparent substrate by using a glue with thickness in the range 1 to 50 .mu.m, preferably to a thickness ranging from 10 to 20 .mu.m, and the glue is deposited by one of the following techniques; spin coating, spray coating, roller coating, hot-melt dispensing, or ink-jet printing. 30. Method according to claim 26, wherein the smoothing/planarizing of the wafer edges is obtained by one of the following process steps: i) removing a part of the back side edges of the wafers, for instance by laser ablation, ii) depositing a suitable material along the edges and/or in the space between the wafers to form a smooth, continuous surface in between adjacent wafers, for instance by use of ink-jet printing or mounting of prefabricated elements, or iii) by coating both the rear surface of the cells and the gaps in between the cells with a polymer material, preferably with a polymer material having a high optical reflectance, having a smoothing effect to surface steps, and deposited for instance by using spin coating, spray coating, roller coating or ink-jet deposition. 31. Method according to claim 30, wherein when step i) is being used, the removal of the back side edges of the wafers results in an angle between the wafer side walls and the transparent substrate of less than 70 degrees, preferably in the range from 30 to 60 degrees. 32. Method according to claim 30, wherein when step ii) is being employed, the deposited material between adjacent wafers or cells is deposited by use of ink-jet printing or a nozzle, and the deposited material has wetting properties towards the silicon back-surface or side-walls of the wafers and is deposited in an amount resulting in a contact angle of less than 70 degrees, preferably in the range from 30 to 50 degrees. 33. Method according to claim 29, wherein the smoothing/planarizing of the spacing between wafer edges is obtained by accumulating enough glue in the spacing between subsequent wafers by pressing the wafers against the glue and transparent substrate in such a way that glue is squeezed into the spacing between subsequent wafers, where the applied pressure on the wafers is adjusted so that glue will fill up the vertical surface step between the wafer and the transparent substrate by more than 50%, preferably more than 70%, and the contact angle between the glue and wafer edge surfaces is less than 70 degrees, preferably in the range 30 to 50 degrees. 34. Method according to claim 26, wherein the metal layer or stack of metal layers is deposited to a total thickness in the range 0.1-20 .mu.m, by evaporation or sputter deposition, or electro plating or electroless plating. 35. Method according to claim 34, wherein the metal layer is patterned by either i) depositing a masking material on the deposited metal, followed by laser ablation of the masking material, followed by use of an etching liquid to remove the exposed metal, and then followed by use of a suitable liquid to remove the masking material, ii) depositing a masking material directly with the desired pattern using an ink-jet process followed by chemical etching of unmasked areas, or iii) directly to the desired pattern by use of laser scribing. 36. Method according to claim 35, wherein when step i) or ii) is being used, the mask is a polymer material deposited by spin, spray or roller coating, or silicon oxide deposited by chemical vapour deposition or evaporation. 37. Method according to claim 36, wherein that the metal layer is subsequently etched in a wet chemical etching process that is strongly selective to the metal to minimize damage to other portions of the structure by use of a combination of alkaline solutions or acidic solutions. 38. Method according to claim 36, wherein the polymer film or layer is deposited prior to the deposition of the metal layer(s), and in that the metal layer(s) is patterned by a lift-off process comprising depositing a polymer film by spray/spin/roller coating or by a attaching a pre-fabricated film, patterning the polymer film by laser ablation, depositing the metal layer by sputter deposition or evaporation, and removing the metal to form the desired pattern by lifting off the polymer film, either by dissolving the polymer material in a chemical solvent or by physically ripping or peeling off the film. 39. Method according to claim 34, wherein the metal layer(s) is annealed to obtain a stable and low-resistance contact between the metal layer(s) and semiconductor. 40. Method according to claim 26, wherein the wafers are of multicrystalline or mono crystalline silicon. 41. Method according to claim 40, wherein each wafer is divided into a number of narrow regions by forming trenches reaching into the wafers from about 70 to 100% of their thickness, and the trenches are formed by use of laser cutting or ablation, chemical etching, plasma etching, or reactive ion etching. 42. Method according to claim 41, wherein the width of the narrow regions are in the range from 5 to 50 mm, and the thickness of the deposited metal system forming the electric contacts is in the range from 0.1 to 2 .mu.m. 43. Method according to claim 40, wherein the wafers are made from a donor substrate, either by: forming a porous layer on the donor substrate, epitaxially growing a silicon layer with thickness in the range of 20-150 .mu.m, and then separate the wafer by use of mechanical shear stress, ultrasound, or laser heating, or implanting hydrogen ions by use of proton rays a distance in the range of 20-150 .mu.m into the donor wafer, and then separate the wafer by use of mechanical shear stress, ultrasound, or laser heating. 44. Method according to claim 43, further comprising: pre-processing the front surface of the wafers with one or more of the following process steps: surface texturing/damage etching, in-diffusion of doping elements, deposition of surface passivation films, and deposition of anti-reflective coating, and pre-processing the back surface of the wafers with one or more of the following process steps: deposition and diffusion of doping elements, deposition and patterned etching of hetero-junction contact layers, deposition of back-side reflective coating, deposition of back-side surface passivation layers, localised etching of passivation layers for forming contact openings to the doped regions of the underlying wafer/sheets of film, texturing, and smoothing/planarizing of wafer edgeson the wafers when they are attached to the donor substrate, i.e. before they are separated from the donor substrate. 45. Solar panel/module comprising: a transparent front glass, a number semiconductor wafers which each are processed to form semi-finished solar cells, and which are attached adjacent to each other onto the back side of the transparent front glass, and where the electric contacts of the solar cells and the interconnects connecting adjacent solar cells of the solar panel/module are formed by one patterned metal layer covering the back side of the front glass including the back side of the attached semi-finished solar cells. 46. Solar panel/module according to claim 45, wherein the wafers are made of one of either Si, Ge, InP, or GaAs. 47. Solar panel/module according to claim 46, wherein the wafers are made of monocrystalline Si of thickness of 150 .mu.m or less, preferably from 20 to 80 .mu.m, and which are laid adjacent to each other with a gap between adjacent wafers/sheets of films on the range from 0.1 to 2 mm. 48. Solar panel/module according to claim 45, wherein the deposited metal layer is made of one or more of nickel, palladium, titanium, silver, gold, aluminium, copper, tungsten, chromium, vanadium, tin, or any combination of these materials. 49. Solar panel/module according to claim 45, wherein the deposited metal layer is substituted by electric conducting plastics and/or other polymer formulations such as carbon polymers. 50. Solar panel/module according to claim 45, wherein the gaps between the wafers attached to the front substrate is planarized by being filled with polymer, glass, or epoxy. 