A portable switching device may include a wireless receiver to receive a wireless signal from an occupancy sensor, and a power switch to control power to a load in response to the wireless signal. In some embodiments, the wireless signal may include an occupancy signal that indicates the occupied state of a monitored space. In other embodiments, the wireless signal may include a detector signal that requires further processing to determine the occupied state of the space.
Claims 1. A method comprising: receiving a wireless signal from an occupancy sensor; and controlling power to a load in response to the wireless signal; where the wireless signal is received at a portable switching device; and where the power is controlled by a power switch at the portable switching device. 2. The method of claim 1 where the wireless signal comprises an occupancy signal. 3. The method of claim 1 where the wireless signal comprises a detector signal. 4. The method of claim 1 further comprising controlling power to the load in response to a clock. 5. The method of claim 1 further comprising transmitting a message from the portable switching device in response to the wireless signal from the occupancy sensor. 6. The method of claim 5 where the message is transmitted in advance of controlling the power switch. 7. A system comprising: a wireless receiver to receive a wireless signal from an occupancy sensor; and a power switch to control power to a load in response to the wireless signal; where the wireless receiver and power switch are included in a portable switching device. 8. The system of claim 7 where the portable switching device comprises a power strip having a first set of one or more receptacles configured to be controlled by the power switch. 8. The system of claim 8 where the power strip comprises a second set of one or more receptacles that are not controlled by the power switch. 10. The system of claim 7 where the portable switching device comprises a ground fault circuit interrupter. 11. The system of claim 7 where the portable switching device comprises a lamp holder. 12. The system of claim 7 where the portable switching device comprises an appliance. 13. The system of claim 7 where the portable switching device comprises an input to enable a user to adjust a parameter for controlling the power switch in response to the wireless signal. 14. The system of claim 13 where the parameter comprises a delay time. 15. The system of claim 7 further comprising: an occupancy sensor to transmit the wireless signal in response to monitoring a space; and a second portable switching device having a second wireless receiver and a second power switch to control power to a load in response to the wireless signal. 16. A method comprising: receiving a wireless signal from an occupancy sensor; and controlling power to a load in response to the wireless signal; where the wireless signal is received at a local switching device; and where the power is controlled by a power switch at the local switching device. 17. The method of claim 16 where the wireless signal comprises an occupancy signal. 18. The system of claim 16 where the wireless signal comprises a detector signal. 19. A system comprising: a wireless receiver to receive a wireless signal from an occupancy sensor; and a power switch to control power to a load in response to the wireless signal; where the wireless receiver and power switch are included in a local switching device. 20. The system of claim 19 where the local switching device comprises a wall-mount receptacle. 21. The system of claim 19 where the local switching device comprises a power pack. 22. A method comprising: generating a detector signal in response to monitoring a space; and transmitting a wireless signal in response to the detector signal; where the detector signal requires processing to determine if the space is occupied. 23. The method of claim 22 where the wireless signal includes a representation of the output voltage of an infrared detector. 24. The method of claim 22 further comprising processing the wireless signal at a switching device to determine if the space is occupied. 25. An occupancy sensor comprising: a detector to generate a detector signal in response to monitoring a space; and a wireless transmitter to transmit a wireless signal in response to the detector signal; where the detector signal requires processing to determine if the space is occupied. 26. The occupancy sensor of claim 25 further comprising a signal processor to partially process the detector signal. 27. The occupancy sensor of claim 25 further comprising a power source to operate the occupancy sensor without a wired connection. 28. The occupancy sensor of claim 27 where the power source includes a photovoltaic cell. 