A distributed power system including multiple (DC) batteries each DC battery with positive and negative poles. Multiple power converters are coupled respectively to the DC batteries. Each power converter includes a first terminal, a second terminal, a third terminal and a fourth terminal. The first terminal is adapted for coupling to the positive pole. The second terminal is adapted for coupling to the negative pole. The power converter includes: (i) a control loop adapted for setting the voltage between or current through the first and second terminals, and (ii) a power conversion portion adapted to selectively either: convert power from said first and second terminals to said third and fourth terminals to discharge the battery connected thereto, or to convert power from the third and fourth terminals to the first and second terminals to charge the battery connected thereto. Each of the power converters is adapted for serial connection to at least one other power converter by connecting respectively the third and fourth terminals, thereby forming a serial string. A power controller is adapted for coupling to the serial string. The power controller includes a control part adapted to maintain current through or voltage across the serial string at a predetermined value.
Claims 1. A distributed power system comprising: a plurality of (DC) batteries each DC battery with positive and negative poles; a plurality of power converters coupled respectively to the DC batteries, each power converter including a first terminal, a second terminal, a third terminal and a fourth terminal, wherein said first terminal is adapted for coupling to said positive pole and said second terminal is adapted for coupling to said negative pole; wherein said power converter includes: (i) a control loop adapted for setting the voltage between or current through said first and second terminals, and (ii) a power conversion portion adapted to selectively either: convert power from said first and second terminals to said third and fourth terminals to discharge said battery connected thereto, or to convert power from said third and fourth terminals to said first and second terminals to charge said battery connected thereto; wherein each of said power converters is adapted for serial connection to at least one other power converter by connecting respectively said third and fourth terminals, thereby forming a serial string; a power controller adapted for coupling to said serial string, the power controller including a control part adapted to maintain current through or voltage across said serial string at a predetermined value. 2. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 1, wherein the control part maintains voltage across said serial string at a predetermined value. 3. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 1, wherein the control part maintains current through said serial string at a predetermined value. 4. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 1, wherein the power controller includes a bi-directional DC/AC inverter. 5. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 1, wherein the power controller includes a bi-directional DC/DC converter. 6. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 1, wherein said power converters may have a function selected from the group consisting of: current source, voltage regulation or trickle charge. 7. The distributed power system according to claim 1, further comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic panels; a plurality of DC-to-DC converters, each of the DC-to-DC converters including: input terminals coupled to a respective DC photovoltaic panels; output terminals coupled in series to the other DC-to-DC converters, thereby forming a second serial string; a control loop setting the voltage and current at the input terminals of the DC-to-DC converter according to predetermined criteria; and, a power conversion portion for converting the power received at the input terminals to an output power at the output terminals; wherein said serial string and said second serial string are connectible in parallel to form parallel-connected strings 8. The distributed power system according to claim 7, a power controller adapted for coupling in parallel to said parallel-connected strings, the power controller including a control part adapted to maintain current through or voltage across said parallel connected strings at a predetermined value. 9. The distributed power system according to claim 7, wherein said power controller is selectably either off-grid or connected to grid. 10. The distributed power system according to claim 7, wherein said photovoltaic panels provide electrical power for charging said batteries. 11. A distributed power system comprising: a plurality of (DC) batteries each DC battery with positive and negative poles; a plurality of power converters coupled respectively to the DC batteries, each power converter including a first terminal, a second terminal, a third terminal and a fourth terminal, wherein said first terminal is adapted for coupling to said positive pole and said second terminal is adapted for coupling to said negative pole; wherein said power converter includes: (i) a first control loop configured to set either current through or voltage between said first and second terminals, and (ii) a second control loop configured set either current through or voltage between said third and fourth terminals; and (iii) a power conversion portion adapted to selectively either: convert power from said first and second terminals to said third and fourth terminals to discharge said battery connected thereto, or to convert power from said third and fourth terminals to said first and second terminals to charge said battery connected thereto; wherein each of said power converters is adapted for serial connection to at least one other power converter by connecting respectively said third and fourth terminals, thereby forming a serial string. 12. The distributed power system according to claim 11, further comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic panels; a plurality of DC-to-DC converters, each of the DC-to-DC converters including: input terminals coupled to a respective DC photovoltaic panels; output terminals coupled in series to the other DC-to-DC converters, thereby forming a second serial string; a control loop setting the voltage and current at the input terminals of the DC-to-DC converter according to predetermined criteria; and, a power conversion portion for converting the power received at the input terminals to an output power at the output terminals; wherein said serial string and said second serial string are connectible in parallel. 13. The distributed power system according to claim 12, wherein said power controller is selectably either off-grid or connected to grid. 14. The distributed power system according to claim 12, wherein said photovoltaic panels provide electrical power for charging said batteries. 15. The distributed power system according to claim 12, further comprising a communications interface between said power controller and said power converters for controlling charging and discharging of said batteries. 