An exemplary sunroof for mounting in a vehicle roof is provided. The sunroof includes a panel and a warning apparatus. The sunroof includes a first bottom surface for facing toward an inside of the vehicle. The warning apparatus includes a PCB attached to the panel, and a warning unit mounted on the first bottom surface and electrically connected to the PCB. The warning unit is configured to send an emergency alert signal when the panel is raised up to be substantially perpendicular to the vehicle roof. A vehicle includes the sunroof is also provided.
Claims 1. A sunroof for mounting in a vehicle roof of a vehicle, comprising: a panel comprising a first bottom surface for facing toward an inside of the vehicle; and a warning apparatus comprising: a PCB attached to the panel, and a warning unit mounted on the first bottom surface and electrically connected to the PCB, the warning unit configured to send an emergency alert signal when the panel is raised up to be substantially perpendicular to the vehicle roof. 2. The sunroof according to claim 1, further comprising: a switch electrically connected with the warning apparatus, the switch comprising a conductive member, and the panel further comprising: a front end oriented toward the front of the vehicle, a first recess defined in the front end, the PCB covering the first recess, the first recess including a second bottom surface facing toward the inside of the vehicle, the switch inserted into the first recess and extending through the PCB and being movable relative to the second bottom surface between a first position where the conductive member is connected with the PCB and the warning unit is switched on, and a second position where the conductive member is disconnected from the PCB and the warning unit is switched off. 3. The sunroof according to claim 2, wherein the switch further comprises: a body having a first end surface facing the second bottom surface and an opposing second end surface substantially parallel to the first end surface; and a resilient member between the second bottom surface and the second end surface configured to applying a force to the body in a direction from the first end surface to the second end surface. 4. The sunroof according to claim 3, wherein the switch further comprises a third end surface substantially perpendicularly connected between the first and second end surfaces, and the conductive member attached to the third end surface. 5. The sunroof according to claim 3, wherein the switch further comprises a middle surface substantially parallel to and located between the first and second end surfaces, and the conductive member attached to the middle surface. 6. The sunroof according to claim 3, further comprising a stopper for triggering the switch. 7. The sunroof according to claim 2, wherein the panel comprises an inner side wall in the first recess, the inner side wall substantially perpendicular to the second bottom surface, and having a step surface configured to block movement of the conductive member toward the second bottom surface. 8. The sunroof according to claim 1, wherein the panel further comprises: a second recess defined in the panel; and a power source located in the second recess. 9. The sunroof according to claim 8, wherein the power source comprises: a solar cell panel configured for converting the solar energy into electricity. 10. The sunroof according to claim 9, wherein the solar cell panel includes a battery configured for storing the electricity. 11. The sunroof according to claim 1, wherein the warning unit is a liquid crystal display, a light emitting diode module, or a reflective sign board. 12. A vehicle comprising: a compartment having a vehicle roof defining an opening; a sunroof mounted in the vehicle roof at the opening, the sunroof comprising: a panel comprising a bottom surface facing toward an inside of the compartment; and a warning apparatus comprising: a warning unit configured to send an emergency alert, and a switch configured for sensing an orientation of the panel and switching on or switching off the warning unit; the panel being movable relative to the vehicle roof between a first position where the panel seals the opening and the warning unit is switched off, and a second position where the panel is substantially perpendicular to the vehicle roof, and the warning unit is switched on. 13. The vehicle according to claim 12, further comprising: a solar cell panel facing away from the inside of the compartment, the warning unit electrically coupled to the solar cell panel. 14. The vehicle according to claim 13, wherein the switch is spring-loaded. 15. The vehicle according to claim 14, further comprising a stopper mounted on the vehicle roof for deactivating the switch, when the panel is in the first position. 16. The vehicle according to claim 13, wherein the warning unit is a display panel electrically coupled to the solar panel. 17. A sunroof for mounting in a roof of a vehicle, comprising: a panel comprising a front end for facing the front end of the vehicle, a rear end for facing the rear end of the vehicle, a bottom surface facing an inner of the vehicle, wherein the front end is hinged to the roof, and the read end is orientable to a desired angle relative to the roof; and a warning apparatus comprising a warning unit mounted on the bottom surface, the warning unit configured to send an emergency alert signal when the panel is raised up to be substantially perpendicular to the vehicle roof. 18. The sunroof according to claim 17, wherein the warning unit includes a reflective sign board. 19. The sunroof according to claim 17, wherein the warning unit is an electrical apparatus, and the warning apparatus further comprises: a switch located at the front end configured for sensing an orientation of the panel and switching on when the rear end is lifted to be perpendicular to the roof. 20. The sunroof according to claim 17, wherein the switch is spring-loaded. 