A solar energy collecting panel includes a support substrate and one or more solar energy receiving surface disposed on the support substrate. The panel is mountable to extend in a mounting plane across an underlying structure. The support substrate is configured so that when the panel is mounted to the underlying structure at least a portion of the solar energy receiving surface is at an inclined angle to the mounting plane.
Claims 1. A solar energy collecting panel, comprising: a support substrate mountable to an underlying structure so as to extend in a mounting plane across the underlying structure; and at least one solar energy receiving surface disposed on the support substrate, wherein the support substrate is configured so that when mounted to the underlying structure at least one portion of the at least one solar energy receiving surface is at an inclined angle to the mounting plane. 2. The panel of claim 1, wherein the panel includes a plurality of discrete solar receiving surfaces on the support substrate. 3. The panel of claim 2, wherein the discrete solar receiving surfaces are electrically coupled. 4. The panel of claim 1, wherein the support substrate includes at least one projecting formation that extends from a reference plane of the substrate, wherein at least one portion of the at least one solar energy receiving surface is disposed on a part of the projecting formation that extends transverse to the reference plane. 5. The panel of claim 4, wherein the support substrate is configured so that when mounted to the underlying structure, the reference plane generally aligns with, or is parallel to, the mounting plane. 6. The panel of claim 2, wherein the support substrate includes a plurality of projecting formations that extend from a reference plane of the substrate, wherein at least one portion of the at least one solar energy receiving surface is disposed on a part of a projecting formation that extends transverse to the reference plane; and wherein the discrete solar receiving surfaces are disposed on respective portions of the projecting formations, the solar receiving surfaces being inclined to the reference plane and forming an array of spaced apart solar receiving surfaces. 7. The panel of claim 6, wherein the spaced apart solar receiving surfaces in the array face generally in the same direction. 8. The panel of claim 1, wherein the support substrate is formed from sheet material. 9. The panel of claim 8, wherein the support substrate is formed from sheet metal. 10. The panel of claim 9, wherein the sheet metal includes a corrosion resistant alloy coating. 11. The panel of claim 1, wherein the support substrate is profiled to include a plurality of projecting formations which extend linearly between opposite ends of the support substrate, wherein the projecting formations are spaced apart and the support substrate includes pan sections disposed between the adjacent projecting formations, the pan sections extending generally in the reference plane of the support substrate. 12. The panel of claim 11, wherein the projecting formations are in the form of ribs having opposite walls and wherein at least one of the at least one solar energy receiving surface is disposed on one of the opposite walls of a respective rib. 13. The panel of claim 1, wherein the support substrate is corrugated and includes alternate peaks and troughs and wherein at least one of the at least one solar energy receiving surface is disposed on a portion of the support substrate intermediate a respective one of the peaks and troughs. 14. The panel of claim 4, wherein the support substrate includes a base portion which extends in the reference plane and at least one of the at least one projecting formation extends from the base portion. 15. The panel of claim 1, wherein at least one of the at least one solar energy receiving surface has an aspect ratio of length to height of greater than 10:1. 16. The panel of claim 15, wherein the aspect ratio is greater than 20:1. 17. The panel of claim 1, wherein the at least one solar energy receiving surface comprises photo-voltaic cells. 18. A cladding panel for a building, comprising a solar energy collecting panel, wherein the solar energy collecting panel includes a support substrate mountable to a building so as to extend in a mounting plane across the building, wherein the support substrate is formed from sheet material; and at least one solar energy receiving surface disposed on the support substrate, wherein the support substrate is configured so that when mounted to the building at least one portion of the at least one solar energy receiving surface is at an inclined angle to the mounting plane. 19. A method for mounting a solar energy collecting panel to an underlying structure, the method comprising mounting a support substrate of the panel to the underlying structure so that the panel extends in a mounting plane across the underlying structure, whereby when so mounted, at least one of one or more solar energy receiving surfaces disposed on the support substrate is at an inclined angle to the mounting plane. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the solar energy collecting panel comprises a support substrate mountable to an underlying structure so as to extend in a mounting plane across the underlying structure, wherein the support substrate is formed from sheet material; and at least one solar energy receiving surface disposed on the support substrate, wherein the support substrate is configured so that when mounted to the underlying structure at least one portion of the at least one solar energy receiving surface is at an inclined angle to the mounting plane. 