An integrated alternative energy roofing panel incorporates an array of solar concentrator tubes interconnected with transparent web to form a joined plate supported in frame elements with an attached working fluid manifold. The working fluid in the manifold is operatively in contact with the solar concentrator tubes for transferring heat from the tubes. In one exemplary construction, each of the solar concentrator tubes terminates in a conducting metal sleeve which extends beyond the frame element into the manifold. A safety glass panel is attached to one frame element beneath the joined plate. The joined plate and safety glass panel may be sealed to the frame elements to form a chamber and the chamber may be evacuated. A plurality of light emitting diodes (LEDs) are embedded in the web for supplemental lighting. An array of photovoltaic cells mounted to a top surface of the manifold and a battery are interconnected for powering the LEDs. The manifold incorporates a compartment to house the battery as a portion of the integrated panel.
Claims 1. An integrated alternative energy roofing panel comprising: a plurality of solar concentrator tubes; frame elements supporting the solar concentrator tubes; and, a working fluid manifold attached to the frame elements and operatively in contact with the plurality of solar concentrator tubes for transferring heat from the tubes. 2. The integrated alternative energy roofing panel defined in claim 1 wherein each of the solar concentrator tubes terminates in a conducting metal sleeve, said sleeve extending beyond the frame element into the manifold. 3. The integrated alternative energy roofing panel defined in claim 1 wherein the plurality of solar concentrator tubes are interconnected with transparent web to form a joined plate. 4. The integrated alternative energy roofing panel defined in claim 3 further comprising a safety glass panel attached to one frame element beneath the joined plate. 5. The integrated alternative energy roofing panel defined in claim 4 wherein the joined plate and safety glass panel are sealed to the frame elements to form a chamber. 6. The integrated alternative energy roofing panel defined in claim 5 wherein the chamber is evacuated. 7. The integrated alternative energy roofing panel defined in claim 4 wherein a top surface of the safety glass panel is treated for infrared reflectivity. 8. The integrated alternative energy roofing panel defined in claim 3 further comprising a plurality of light emitting diodes (LEDs) embedded in the web. 9. The integrated alternative energy roofing panel defined in claim 8 further comprising an array of photovoltaic cells and a battery interconnected for powering the LEDs. 10. The integrated alternative energy roofing panel defined in claim 9 wherein the photovoltaic cell array is mounted to a top surface of the manifold and the manifold incorporates a compartment to house the battery. 11. The integrated alternative energy roofing panel defined in claim 2 further comprising a linear Fresnel lens panel mounted to one frame element over the solar concentrator tubes to focus sunlight onto the tubes. 12. The integrated alternative energy roofing panel defined in claim 11 wherein the linear Fresnel lens panel and joined plate are sealed to the frame elements to form a chamber. 13. The integrated alternative energy roofing panel defined in claim 1 further comprising: an absorption chiller system receiving heated working fluid from the plurality of solar concentrator tubes, said absorption chiller system delivering cooled fluid to a manifold of a radiator unit mounted to the underside of a lower frame element, said radiator unit having vertical fins. 14. The integrated alternative energy roofing panel defined in claim 5 further comprising a shade panel mounted to a frame element intermediate the joined plate and safety glass panel. 15. The integrated alternative energy roofing panel defined in claim 10 further comprising a remote control transmitter and a remote control receiver for control of the LEDs. 16. The integrated alternative energy roofing panel defined in claim 14 further comprising a remote control transmitter and a remote control receiver for control of the LEDs. 17. An integrated alternative energy roofing panel comprising: upper and lower frame elements; a working fluid manifold attached to the frame elements and having a compartment sealed from the working fluid; a plurality of solar concentrator tubes interconnected by transparent web as a joined plate, supported by the frame elements and sealed thereto, each tube terminating in a conducting metal sleeve extending beyond the frame element into the manifold for transferring heat from the tubes to working fluid in the manifold; a plurality of light emitting diodes LEDs carried in the web; a photovoltaic cell array mounted to a top surface of the manifold; a battery mounted in the compartment in the manifold and interconnected to the photovoltaic cell array and the LEDs; a safety glass panel having an infrared reflecting upper surface mounted to the lower frame element and sealed beneath the joined plate to form a chamber, said chamber evacuated for enhanced thermal insulation; a Fresnel lens panel mounted to the upper frame element over the joined plate to focus sunlight onto the tubes and sealed to form a second chamber; and, a shade panel mounted intermediate the joined plate and the safety glass panel and operable to reduce sunlight transmitted through the integrated panel. 18. A roof mounted integrated alternative energy panel system comprising: a universal mounting frame receiving an integrated panel and having at least one aperture receiving a window elements openable for ventilation, said integrated panel having upper and lower frame elements; a working fluid manifold attached to the frame elements and having a compartment sealed from the working fluid; a plurality of solar concentrator tubes interconnected by transparent web as a joined plate, supported by the frame elements and sealed thereto, each tube terminating in a conducting metal sleeve extending beyond the frame element into the manifold for transferring heat from the tubes to working fluid in the manifold. 19. The roof mounted integrated alternative energy panel system as defined in claim 18 wherein the universal mounting frame is a pitched panel frame having upstanding support columns extending from a base frame to provide support for an angled frame which receives the integrated panel, said angled frame carried between the base frame and supporting columns at an angle adapted for allowing the integrated panel to be positioned for optimum solar exposure. 20. The roof mounted integrated alternative energy panel system as defined in claim 18 wherein the integrated panel further includes a roof mounting frame and further comprising: a saddle received on the universal mounting frame and having lateral channels which receive the roof mounting frame. 21. The roof mounted integrated alternative energy panel system as defined in claim 20 wherein the saddle includes an inverted channel web intermediate the lateral channels, said channel web incorporating a conduit for carrying working fluid plumbing lines and electrical cabling. 22. The roof mounted integrated alternative energy panel system as defined in claim 21 wherein the integrated panel further includes a plurality of light emitting diodes LEDs carried in the web of the joined plate. 23. The roof mounted integrated alternative energy panel system as defined in claim 22 wherein the integrated panel further includes a photovoltaic cell array mounted to a top surface of the manifold; and a battery mounted in the compartment in the manifold and interconnected to the photovoltaic cell array and the LEDs. 