A solar energy collecting system arranged to gradually and stepwise heat a thermal fluid in thermal receivers, interconnected via an insulated tube and configured in parallel serially connected subgroups. The receivers are heated by optical elements arranged to reflect solar radiation upon the receivers, aligned according to specified temporal-spatial patterns, relating to the terrain and the solar motion. Receivers and optical elements may be positioned at specified locations and heights that maximize the energy yield. The configuration of the receivers and the optical elements may be adapted to storage and transport requirements. The system is highly modular and efficient in energy production and storage.
Claims 1. A solar energy collecting system comprising: a plurality of thermal receivers arranged to heat a thermal fluid by absorbing solar radiation directed thereupon, the thermal receivers interconnected via an insulated tube arranged to hold the heated thermal fluid and conserve its heat, the interconnection being in a specified geometric configuration; a plurality of optical elements arranged to intercept solar radiation and direct it onto the thermal receivers, wherein the thermal receivers are associated with the optical elements according to specified temporal and spatial parameters; and a plurality of stands, each arranged to support a corresponding one of the optical elements in a specified position, wherein the specified geometric configuration of the thermal receivers, the specified temporal and spatial parameters of the optical elements, and the specified position are selected such as to optimize the interception of the solar radiation and the heating of the thermal receivers in respect to predefined specifications, and wherein the thermal receivers, optical elements and stands are modularly configurable to maximize the interception and absorption of the solar radiation. 2. The solar energy collecting system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of optical elements comprises a plurality of heliostats. 3. The solar energy collecting system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of optical elements comprise an intercepting set of optical elements arranged to intercept solar radiation and direct it upon a heating set of optical elements arranged to heat the thermal receiver by directing the intercepted radiation thereupon. 4. The solar energy collecting system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of optical elements comprise an intercepting set of optical elements arranged to intercept solar radiation and direct it upon an intermediate set of optical elements arranged to receive the intercepted solar radiation from the intercepting set and direct it upon a heating set of optical elements arranged to heat the thermal receiver by directing the directed radiation thereupon. 5. The solar energy collecting system of claim 1, further comprising at least one thermal storage element connected to the insulated tube and arranged to store the heated thermal fluid. 6. The solar energy collecting system of claim 1, wherein the specified geometric configuration comprises parallel subsets of serially connected thermal receivers. 7. The solar energy collecting system of claim 6, wherein each subset is associated with at least one thermal storage element. 8. The solar energy collecting system of claim 1, wherein the specified geometric configuration comprises positioning at least some of the thermal receivers on at least some of the stands. 9. The solar energy collecting system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the optical elements is arranged to concentrate the solar radiation. 10. The solar energy collecting system of claim 1, wherein the specified temporal and spatial parameters are derived from the specified geometric configuration in respect to the sun's daily and annual movement. 11. The solar energy collecting system of claim 10, wherein the specified temporal and spatial parameters comprise the association of the thermal receivers with the optical elements. 12. The solar energy collecting system of claim 10, wherein the specified temporal and spatial parameters comprise temporally variable yaw, pitch and height of the optical elements. 13. A method of collecting solar energy, comprising: positioning and interconnecting a plurality of thermal receivers in a specified geometric configuration; mounting the thermal receivers on a plurality of stands in specified heights; and positioning a plurality of optical elements such as to intercept solar radiation and to direct the intercepted solar radiation onto the thermal receivers, wherein the thermal receivers comprise a thermal fluid and are arranged to heat the thermal fluid upon absorbing the directed solar radiation, wherein the directing is carried out in respect to specified temporal and spatial parameters, and wherein the specified geometric configuration, the specified heights and the positioning of the optical elements are modularly configurable to maximize the interception and absorption of the solar radiation. 14. The method of claim 13, further comprising connecting the thermal receivers to at least one thermal storage element. 15. The method of claim 13, wherein the specified geometric configuration comprises parallel subsets of serially connected thermal receivers. 16. The method of claim 13, wherein the specified geometric configuration comprises positioning at least some of the thermal receivers on at least some of the stands. 17. The method of claim 13, wherein the specified temporal and spatial parameters are derived from the specified geometric configuration in respect to the sun's daily and annual movement. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the specified temporal and spatial parameters comprise an association of the thermal receivers with the optical elements. 19. The method of claim 17, wherein the specified temporal and spatial parameters comprise temporally variable yaw, pitch and height of the optical elements. 20. The method of claim 13, further comprising washing the optical elements regularly and automatically. 