An IV infusion monitoring device is provided to measure and to display, during whole infusion process, the liquid level data including the weight of remaining medical liquid in an IV bottle, the liquid flow rate and the remaining time from the completion of an IV infusion process. It also gives alarm as the medical liquid in an IV bottle drops to a predetermined low level. The IV infusion monitoring system comprises an electric load sensor, a signal processor, a monitor terminal and a power provided preferably by a battery. The load sensor measures the weight of the medical liquid in the IV bottle. The measured signal is then transmitted to the signal processor for processing and generating the liquid level data, which are then sent to the monitor terminal for display. The monitor terminal can also generate an alarm if the liquid level drops to the predetermined value. Furthermore, the monitoring device combines with a server and a plurality of PDA devices to form a communication network so that a nurse can monitor the IV infusion process from a remote location.
Claims 1. An IV infusion monitoring device, comprising: (a) a load sensor including at least one strain gage for measuring weight of medical liquid in an IV bottle and for sending a measured weight signal to a signal processor, (b) said signal processor having signal amplifier for amplifying said measured weight signal and outputting an amplified weight signal, A/D converter for converting said amplified weight signal from analog signal to a group of digital data, microprocessor having software for statistically analyzing said a group of digital data and obtaining liquid level data, said liquid level data including weight of remaining medical liquid in said IV bottle, liquid flow rate, and remaining time from completion of IV process, data transmitter for transmitting said liquid level data to a monitor terminal, (c) said monitor terminal having display means for displaying said liquid level data, alarm means for give alarm as said weight of remaining medical liquid drops to a predetermined value, (d) power supplier comprising selected one of battery, solar cell and external power source for providing power to said monitoring device. 2. The monitoring device of claim 1, wherein said load sensor including an electric bridge circuit consisting of 4 arms and 2 pair of ends, said at least one strain gage being installed in at least one arm, two ends of said electric bridge receiving applied electric voltage while other 2 ends of said electric bridge outputting measured signal in proportional to applied weight load on said at least one strain gage, said at least one strain gage being made of at least one of resistor, capacitor and inductor. 3. The monitoring device of claim 1, wherein said monitor terminal including said alarm means for give alarm as said liquid flow rate drops to a predetermined rate value, 4. The monitoring device of claims, wherein selected one of magnetic stripe, barcode label and RFID tag being disposed outside said IV bottle for providing IV data. 5. The monitoring device of claim 1, wherein said monitoring device connecting to a server and said server connecting to at least one PDA devices by selected one of wire and wireless for forming a communication network, said server including software for analyzing and managing data flow within said communication network and display means for displaying said liquid level data, said at least one PDA devices including display means for displaying said liquid level data and data reader means including selected one of magnetic stripe reader, barcode scanner and RFID tag reader for reading said IV data, said liquid level data being transmitted from said monitoring device to said server, and being further transmitted to said at least one PDA devices, said IV data being transmitted back from said at least one PDA devices to said server and further to said monitoring device. 6. A method of monitoring IV infusion comprising: (a) evaluating initial weight Wo of medical liquid in an IV bottle by a microprocessor, (b) measuring gross weight of said IV bottle including said medical liquid and attachments by a load sensor, and obtaining a measured weight signal, amplifying said measured weight signal by a signal amplifier, and obtaining an amplified weight signal, converting said amplified weight signal from an analog signal to a group of digital data, analyzing statistically said a group of digital data and obtaining said gross weight Wg as a function of time, (c) calculating weight change .DELTA.W of said IV bottle including said medical liquid and said attachments as a function of time by said microprocessor, (d) calculating weight of remaining medical liquid Wr=Wo-.DELTA.W in said IV bottle as a function of time by said microprocessor, Wr Wo % , ##EQU00001## (e) calculating percentage of said weight of remaining medical liquid (f) calculating liquid flow rate W t ##EQU00002## as weight per unit time, (g) calculating remaining time from completion of IV process tr, (h) displaying liquid level data, said liquid level data including said weight of remaining medical liquid, said liquid flow rate, and said remaining time from completion of IV process, (g) giving alarm as said weight of remaining medical liquid drops to a predetermined value. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein said liquid level data being transmitted to a server from a monitoring device by selected one of wire and wireless through a communication network, said liquid level data being further transmitted to a PDA device from said server by selected one of wire and wireless through said communication network. 8. The method of claim 6, wherein selected one of magnetic stripe, barcode label and RFID tag being disposed outside said IV bottle for containing IV data, said IV data including at least one of patient name, IV identification, name and quantity of medicine, as well as name and quantity of solution, said IV data being read by selected one of magnetic stripe reader, barcode scanner and RFID tag reader in said PDA device, being transmitted from said PDA device to said sever, and being further transmitted to said monitoring device by selected one of wire and wireless through said communication network. 9. The method of claim 6, wherein said initial weight Wo being inputted manually in a monitor terminal. 10. The method of claim 6, wherein said initial weight Wo being inputted through said communication network from said server. 11. The method of claim 6, wherein said initial weight Wo being inputted through said communication network from said PDA device by selected one of magnetic stripe reader, barcode scanner and RFID tag reader. 12. The method of claim 6, wherein said weight of medical liquid in said IV bottle being converted from unit of weight to unit of volume. 13. The method of claim 6, wherein said liquid flow rate being converted into number of liquid drop per unit time based on estimated weight per drop. 14. The method of claim 6, wherein said alarm being given as said liquid flow rate drops to a predetermined rate value. 