The thermal management and method for large scale processing of CIS and/or CIGS based thin film overlaying glass substrates. According to an embodiment, the present invention provides a method for fabricating a copper indium diselenide semiconductor film. The method includes providing a plurality of substrates, each of the substrates having a copper and indium composite structure. The method also includes transferring the plurality of substrates into a furnace, each of the plurality of substrates provided in a vertical orientation with respect to a direction of gravity, the plurality of substrates being defined by a number N, where N is greater than 5. The method further includes introducing a gaseous species including a selenide species and a carrier gas into the furnace and transferring thermal energy into the furnace to increase a temperature from a first temperature to a second temperature, the second temperature ranging from about 350.degree. C. to about 450.degree. C. to at least initiate formation of a copper indium diselenide film from the copper and indium composite structure on each of the substrates.
Claims 1. A method for fabricating a thin film photovoltaic solar energy collector film comprising: providing a plurality of substrates, each of the substrates having a copper and indium composite structure; transferring the plurality of substrates into a furnace, each of the plurality of substrates provided in a vertical orientation with respect to a direction of gravity, the plurality of substrates being defined by a number N, where N is greater than 5; introducing a gaseous species including a selenide species and a carrier gas into the furnace and transferring thermal energy into the furnace to increase a temperature from a first temperature to a second temperature, the second temperature ranging from about 350.degree. C. to about 450.degree. C. to at least initiate formation of a copper indium diselenide film from the copper and indium composite structure on each of the substrates; maintaining the temperature at about the second temperature for a period of time; removing at least residual selenide species from the furnace; introducing a sulfide species into the furnace; and increasing a temperature to a third temperature, the third temperature ranging from about 500 to 525.degree. C. while the plurality of substrates are maintained in an environment including a sulfur species to extract out one or more selenium species from the copper indium diselenide film; wherein the furnace is characterized by a temperature profile having a uniformity of about less than 5% difference throughout the furnace during the period of time. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the copper and indium composite structure comprises a copper layer and an indium layer. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein a first amount of the selenium is replaced by a second amount of sulfur at the copper indium diselenide film. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein the first amount is about 5%. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein the copper and indium composites structure forms a copper indium alloy material in the furnaces. 6. The method of claim 1 further comprising maintaining a substantially constant pressure level of between 600 and 700 torr within the furnace. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein the substrates are stabilized during the period of time. 8. The method of claim 1 further comprising depositing ZnO material. 9. The method of claim 1 further comprising sputtering the copper material on the substrates. 10. The method of claim 1 further comprising evaporating the copper material on the substrates. 11. The method of claim 1 wherein the second temperature ranges from about 390.degree. C. to about 410.degree. C. 12. The method of claim 1 wherein the first temperature ranges from room temperature to about 100.degree. C. 13. The method of claim 1 wherein the second temperature is maintained for about 10 to 60 minutes. 14. The method of claim 1 wherein the selenide species comprises H.sub.2Se gas. 15. The method of claim 1 wherein the carrier gas comprises nitrogen gas. 16. The method of claim 1 wherein the sulfide species comprise H.sub.2S gas. 17. The method of claim 1 wherein each of the substrates is maintained in substantially a planar configuration free from warp or damage. 18. The method of claim 1 wherein the substrates further comprises gallium material. 19. The method of claim 1 further comprising providing temperature sensors to monitor temperature reading at one or more zones within the furnace. 20. The method of claim 1 further comprising providing a plurality of temperature controls, each of the temperature controls being associated with one or more zones within the furnace. 