A battery charging and electrical energy delivery system (25) that allows for separation of charging of a battery (23) and delivery of electrical energy to a first set of consumers (24). The battery may be charged via a first path (29) for connecting the battery with an energy source (22), while electrical energy may be supplied via a second path (30) (separate from the first path) from the energy source to the first set of consumers. The first set of consumers may also be powered by the battery via third path (31) e.g. if the energy source is off. A control unit (32) is adapted to control the supply of electrical energy along the first, second and third paths in response to a detected state of the energy source. A battery operated system (21a) including the battery charging and electrical energy delivery system (25) is also provided.
Claims 1. A battery charging and electrical energy delivery system comprising a first connection for connection to an energy source; a second connection for connection to a battery; a third connection for connection to a first set of consumers of electrical energy; a first path for supplying charging current from the energy source to the battery when connected to the first and second connections respectively; a second path, separate from said first path, for supplying electrical energy from the energy source to the first set of consumers when connected to the first and third connections respectively; a third path for supplying electrical energy from the battery to the first set of consumers when connected to the second and third connections respectively; a control unit for controlling the supply of electrical energy along said first, second and third paths in response to a detected state of the energy source. 2. The battery charging and electrical energy delivery system according to claim 1, wherein the control unit is adapted to detect the state of the energy source by monitoring a voltage level in relation to a predetermined threshold level, or by monitoring a charging indicator. 3. The battery charging and electrical energy delivery system according to claim 1, wherein the control unit is adapted to control the supply of electrical energy along said first, second and third paths such that the battery is charged via the first path and the first set of consumers receives electrical energy via the second path, in response to detecting that the energy source is on; and the first set of consumers receives electrical energy via the third path, in response to detecting that the energy source is off. 4. The battery charging and electrical energy delivery system according to claim 3, wherein the control unit is adapted to switch the supply of electrical energy to the first set of consumers from supply via the third path to supply via the second path in response to detecting a state change of the energy source from off to on and that the on state is maintained for a predetermined first period of time. 5. The battery charging and electrical energy delivery system according to claim 3, wherein the control unit is adapted to switch the supply of electrical energy to the first set of consumers from supply via the second path to supply via the third path in response to detecting a state change of the energy source from on to off and that the off state is maintained for a predetermined second period of time. 6. The battery charging and electrical energy delivery system according to claim 1, further comprising a device on the first path which is adapted to break or connect the supply of charging current along the first path. 7. The battery charging and electrical energy delivery system according to claim 6, wherein said device is a first relay. 8. The battery charging and electrical energy delivery system according to claim 6, wherein said device comprises a DC/DC charger. 9. The battery charging and electrical energy delivery system according to claim 6, wherein said device comprises a DC/DC charger in parallel with a relay. 10. The battery charging and electrical energy delivery system according to claim 1, comprising a second relay 35 and third relay 36 adapted to break or connect the supply of electrical energy along the second and third paths respectively. 11. The battery charging and electrical energy delivery system according to claim 1, wherein the control unit is further adapted to monitor a state of charge of the battery when connected to the second connection and to break supply of electrical energy to the first set of consumers if the state of charge drops below a predetermined state of charge threshold. 12. The battery charging and electrical energy delivery system according to claim 1, wherein the control unit is adapted to monitor a state of charge of a second battery when connected to the first connection and to control the flow of electrical energy on the first path to transfer electrical energy from the second connection to the first connection to charge the second battery. 13. A battery operated system comprising a battery charging and electrical energy delivery system according to claim 1, an energy source connected to the first connection, a battery connected to the second connection, and a first set of consumers connected to the third connection. 14. The battery operated system according to claim 13, wherein the energy source is an alternator, photovoltaic panel, wind generator or generator. 15. The battery operated system according to claim 13, further comprising a second set of consumers directly connected to the battery (23) to receive electrical energy from the battery independently of the battery charging and electrical energy delivery system. 16. The battery operated system according to claim 15, wherein said first set of consumers are non-critical consumers and said second set of consumers are critical consumers, wherein a non-critical consumer is a consumer that could be disconnected in case the battery is discharged below the predetermined state of charge threshold and wherein a critical consumer is a consumer that should not be disconnected if the battery is discharged below the predetermined state of charge threshold. 