A back sheet comprises an interconnect circuit coupling a plurality of solar cell tiles. A tiled solar cell, comprising a solar cell and encapsulating and glass layers, is inserted into the solar cell tiles. Each solar cell is individually addressable and monitored through the use of the interconnect circuit. As such, a monitoring circuit may execute a test of the solar cells by addressing a solar cell and receiving measurements from the solar cell. The measurements from the solar cells may be used to determine whether foreign matter is present on the solar cell array. If foreign matter is present, then a cleaning solution may be applied to the solar cells.
Claims 1. A system for intelligent cleaning of solar cells, the system comprising: an interconnect circuit integrated onto the back sheet for interconnecting the solar cells so as to provide a solar cell array of individually addressable solar cells; and a monitoring circuit, coupled to the interconnect circuit, for executing a test of the solar cell array by addressing at least one solar cell and receiving at least one measurement from the solar cell, wherein the measurement is used to determine whether foreign matter is present on the solar cell array, the determination of foreign matter being present results in a cleaning solution applied to the solar cell array. 2. The system as set forth in claim 1, further comprising a sensor for measuring an environmental condition at the solar cell array. 3. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein the measurement from the solar cell comprises a voltage output of the solar cell. 4. The system as set forth in claim 3, wherein the monitoring circuit uses the measurement from the sensor and the voltage output of the solar cell in the determination of whether foreign matter is present on the solar cell array. 5. The system as set forth in claim 3, further comprising: a processing circuit for calculating an expected output value of the solar cell and comparing the expected output value to the output measurement of the solar cell, wherein a difference between the expected output value and the output measurement results in the processing circuit receiving the sensor measurement to determine whether the foreign matter exists on the solar cell. 6. The system as set forth in claim 5, wherein the expected output value of the solar cell is determined by using the sensor measurement and a historical trend of the solar cell. 7. The system as set forth in claim 2, wherein the environmental condition comprises irradiance. 8. A method for intelligent cleaning of solar cells, the method comprising: interconnecting the solar cells on a back sheet so as to provide a solar cell array of individually addressable solar cells; executing a test of the solar cell array by addressing at least one solar cell; receiving at least one measurement from the solar cell; and determining whether foreign matter is present on the solar cell array by using the measurement from the solar cell, the determination of foreign matter being present results in a cleaning solution applied to the solar cell array. 9. The method as set forth in claim 8, further comprising receiving, from a sensor, a measurement of an environmental condition at the solar cell array. 10. The method as set forth in claim 8, wherein the measurement from the solar cell comprises a voltage output of the solar cell. 11. The method as set forth in claim 10, wherein the determination of whether foreign matter is present on the solar cell array uses the measurement from the sensor and the voltage output of the solar cell. 12. The method as set forth in claim 10, further comprising: calculating an expected output value of the solar cell; and comparing the expected output value to the output measurement of the solar cell, wherein a difference between the expected output value and the output measurement results in receiving the sensor measurement to determine whether the foreign matter exists on the solar cell. 13. The method as set forth in claim 12, wherein the expected output value of the solar cell is determined by using the irradiance sensor measurement and a historical trend of the solar cell, the historical trend comprised within a database. 14. The method as set forth in claim 9, wherein the sensor further measures temperature or humidity. 15. A system for intelligent cleaning of solar cells, the system comprising: an interconnect circuit integrated onto the back sheet for interconnecting a plurality of solar cells so as to provide a solar cell array of individually addressable solar cells; and a monitoring circuit, coupled to the interconnect circuit, for receiving a measurement from a weather sensor and receiving at least one measurement from an output of each solar cell; a processing circuit, coupled to the monitoring circuit, for calculating an expected output value for the solar cells by using the measurement from the weather sensor, wherein a difference between the expected output value and the measurement of the output of each solar cell results in an initialization of a cleaning process of the solar cell array. 16. The system as set forth in claim 15, wherein the measurement from the weather sensor comprises an irradiance measurement. 17. The system as set forth in claim 15, wherein the measurement of the output from each solar cell comprises a voltage output of the solar cell. 18. The system as set forth in claim 15, wherein the calculation of the expected output value further comprises using a previously recorded output measurement of the solar cells. 19. The system as set forth in claim 15, wherein the measurement of the output of each solar cell comprises a current voltage (IV) characteristic. 20. The system as set forth in claim 15, wherein the initialization of the cleaning process comprises the use of a cleaning fluid. 