A package deposit enclosure designed for public use is powered by an efficient storage battery and photovoltaic cell array. These unique features allow the package deposit enclosure to be placed in locations where no power is available, but where there is frequent human traffic. Sensing and wireless data communication features allow the unit to be emptied less often than typical package delivery enclosures. Wireless communication also allows users' access to real-time information. On board power enables other functions, such as lighting and audio, to enhance device functionality.
Claims 1-46. (canceled) 47. A method of monitoring package collection status in a storage container: wherein said container comprises an enclosure; a photovoltaic panel located on an angled upper exterior surface of said enclosure, said photovoltaic panel positioned to be exposed to sunlight, to convert said received sunlight into electric power; a storage battery in a battery compartment located within said enclosure and electrically connected to said photovoltaic panel; a controlling component, electrically connected to said storage battery, to monitor and control sensors and a transmitter/receiver, sensors located within said enclosure and electrically connected to said controlling component, said sensors located within said enclosure, wherein items introduced into said enclosure by an access door settle into said enclosure, and a bin access door located on said enclosure to allow insertion and removal of said removable bin from said enclosure, said controlling component configured and adapted for skipping functions when said storage battery is undercharged, and said sensors configured and adapted for detecting the presence of materials within said enclosure; wherein said method comprises skipping functions until an adequate charge has been attained, further comprising said controlling component actuating said transmitter signaling the presence of materials in said enclosure; and further comprising actuating said receiver and displaying a signal to users indicating the next collection of the contents of the enclosure. 48. The method of claim 47 further comprising programming said controlling component to engage a wireless transmitter and to disengage said wireless transmitter to reduce energy use; and and further programming said controlling component to disable unused circuits connected to said battery. 49. The method of claim 47 further comprising programming said controlling component for regulating a battery charger, and said programming further comprising disabling said battery charger when solar power is insufficient enough to charge said storage battery. 50. The method of claim 47 further comprising venting said battery compartment separately from the electronics and motor compartments to allow for hydrogen gas to escape safely. 51. A storage container comprising: an enclosure; and a solar photovoltaic array powered storage battery in a vented compartment located proximally to said enclosure and electrically connected to a controlling component, said controlling component to monitor and control functions performed by electrical components of said storage container wherein said controlling component disengages energy outputs when controlling component determines that from insufficient sunlight said storage battery is losing performance over time. 