A technique facilitates monitoring of parameters in a well environment. At least one sensor is positioned downhole in a wellbore to measure a desired parameter or parameters. Data from the sensor is sent uphole to an electrical wellhead outlet which is integrated into the wellhead. The wellhead and integrated electrical wellhead outlet provide a simple system architecture that may be used to process well parameter data as desired.
Claims 1. A system for monitoring in a well, comprising: a downhole monitoring system; a cable coupled to the downhole monitoring system; and a wellhead having an electrical wellhead outlet connected to the cable, the electrical wellhead outlet comprising: a downhole monitoring telemetry acquisition system; and a power supply for the downhole monitoring system. 2. The system as recited in claim 1, wherein the electrical wellhead outlet comprises a downhole monitoring system command. 3. The system as recited in claim 1, wherein the electrical wellhead outlet comprises a data memory. 4. The system as recited in claim 1, wherein the electrical wellhead outlet comprises a wireless communication module to communicate data wirelessly to an external system. 5. The system as recited in claim 2, wherein the downhole monitoring system comprises a sensor gauge. 6. The system as recited in claim 2, wherein the downhole monitoring system comprises a plurality of sensor gauges. 7. The system as recited in claim 2, wherein the downhole monitoring system comprises a temperature sensor. 8. The system as recited in claim 2, wherein the downhole monitoring system comprises a pressure sensor. 9. The system as recited in claim 1, wherein the cable comprises a data communication line and a power communication line. 10. The system as recited in claim 1, wherein the electrical wellhead outlet further comprises at least one pressure barrier between the wellhead and an external environment. 11. The system as recited in claim 1, wherein the electrical wellhead outlet further comprises a plug for coupling with a hard wire to communicate data to an external system. 12. The system as recited in claim 1, wherein the electrical wellhead outlet further comprises an explosion-proof enclosure. 13. A method of downhole monitoring, comprising: placing a monitoring sensor downhole in a wellbore that extends from a wellhead; routing a permanent cable from the monitoring sensor to the wellhead; coupling a wireless wellhead outlet to the permanent cable; and integrating downhole sensor gauge telemetry acquisition, downhole sensor command, data memory, and wireless communication capability into the wireless wellhead outlet. 14. The method as recited in claim 13, further comprising communicating downhole data wirelessly from the wireless wellhead outlet to an ethernet data gateway. 15. The method as recited in claim 13, further comprising communicating downhole data wirelessly from the wireless wellhead outlet to a GSM data gateway. 16. The method as recited in claim 13, wherein integrating comprises integrating a power supply into the wireless wellhead outlet to power the monitoring sensor. 17. The method as recited in claim 13, wherein placing comprises placing the monitoring sensor outside of a tubing used to flow fluids along the wellbore. 18. The method as recited in claim 13, wherein placing comprises placing a sensor outside of a casing to monitor parameters related to a geological formation. 19. A system for downhole monitoring, comprising: an electrical wellhead outlet comprising a downhole sensor gauge telemetry acquisition system, a downhole sensor command system, and a wireless communication system to provide downhole data to an external data system. 20. The system as recited in claim 19, wherein the electrical wellhead outlet is mounted in a wellhead. 21. A method, comprising: monitoring a downhole parameter with a sensor positioned in a wellbore; sending data from the sensor to an electrical wellhead outlet mounted in a wellhead; processing the data; and using the electrical wellhead outlet to transmit the processed data wirelessly to a surface data gateway. 22. The method as recited in claim 21, wherein monitoring comprises monitoring temperature downhole. 23. The method as recited in claim 21, further comprising incorporating at least one of a battery or a solar panel power supply into the electrical wellhead outlet to power the sensor. 24. The method as recited in claim 21, further comprising incorporating a data memory and a downhole sensor command into the electrical wellhead outlet. 