The invention relates to a device for detecting a load and/or fill status of a medical waste container (10) with a supporting unit (12) designed for the detachable mounting of the medical waste container (10), a pressure sensor unit (14) allocated to the supporting unit (12) and designed to interact with the waste container when the latter is placed on the supporting unit in such a way that as reaction to an application of pressure by the waste container caused by an attachment and/or filling process a pressure sensor signal is generated, an electronic evaluation unit (16) connected downstream of the pressure sensor unit and designed to evaluate the pressure sensor signal and to emit an activation signal to an alarm and/or signal unit (18) when a magnitude of the applied pressure and/or a level of the pressure sensor signal exceeds a predetermined threshold value.
Claims 1. Device for detecting a load and/or fill status of a medical waste container (10), comprising a supporting unit (12) designed for the detachable mounting of the medical waste container (10), a pressure sensor unit (14) allocated to the supporting unit (12) and designed to interact with the waste container when the latter is placed on the supporting unit in such a way that as reaction to an application of pressure by the waste container caused by an attachment and/or filling process a pressure sensor signal is generated, and an electronic evaluation unit (16) connected downstream of the pressure sensor unit and designed to evaluate the pressure sensor signal and to emit an activation signal to an alarm and/or signal unit (18) when a magnitude of the applied pressure and/or a level of the pressure sensor signal exceeds a predetermined threshold value. 2. Device in accordance with claim 1, further comprising means to record the course over time of the pressure sensor signal which are designed in such a way that the activation signal is only emitted if a dynamic and/or increase over time of the pressure sensor signal exceeds a predetermined reference value. 3. Device in accordance with claim 1, wherein the evaluation unit has means for the signal analysis of the pressure sensor signal which distinguish a signal level of the pressure sensor signal brought about by the filling mass of filled objects in the waste container and its change with the increase the filled material, from a signal level and signal level course brought about by the attachment and/or filling process. 4. Device in accordance with claim 1, wherein the supporting unit (12) has a plurality of pressure sensors (14) which are interconnected to produce the pressure sensor signal and/or are jointly evaluated. 5. Device in accordance with claim 4, wherein the plurality of pressure sensors is provided distributed circumferentially and/or on the edge, or in an area of the supporting unit to which the waste container is attached. 6. Device in accordance with claim 1, wherein the evaluation unit and/or the signal unit is/are integrated into the supporting unit. 7. Device in accordance with claim 1, wherein the signal unit has acoustic signal emitting means, more particularly means for emitting a predetermined speech signal. 8. Device in accordance with claim 1, wherein the signal unit has optical signal emitting means. 9. Device in accordance with claim 1, wherein the signal unit has motor-mechanical signal emitting means. 10. Device in accordance with claim 1, wherein the supporting unit has wireless power supply means. 11. Device in accordance with claim 1, wherein the signal unit is designed for the additional generation of a power supply status signal, more particularly dependent on a predetermined power supply threshold. 12. Device in accordance with claim 1, wherein the evaluation device (16) is designed for the additional emitting of a closure acknowledgment signal to the signal until (18) in response to a course of signals of the pressure sensor signal corresponding to a closure procedure carried out on the waste container. 13. Device in accordance with claim 1, wherein the evaluation unit (16) is designed for the additional emitting of a mounting acknowledgement signal (18) to the signal unit in response to a course of the pressure sensor signal corresponding to mounting of the waste container. 14. Device in accordance with claim 1, wherein the evaluation unit or the alarm and/or signal unit have activation means which in response to a manual activation and/or activation brought about by a mounted waste container, activate the evaluation of the pressure sensor signal. 15. Device in accordance with claim 14, wherein the activation means are designed for recording for activation an activation code provided on or in a mounted waste container. 16. Method of detecting a load and/or fill status of a medical waste container, comprising the steps of: placing filling material into the waste container, recording a pressure exerted by the waste container on a pressure sensor located beneath it, comparing an electronic sensor signal corresponding to the exerted pressure with a threshold value and/or reference signal, and emission of an information, warning and/or alarm signal if the sensor signal exceeds the threshold value or deviates from the reference signal. 17. Method in accordance with claim 16 further comprising: recording of a time course of the sensor signal and distinguishing a static level of the sensor signal determined by a mass of the filled material, from a dynamic sensor signal level brought about by filling with filling material. 18. Method in accordance with claim 16, wherein the emission of the information, warning and/or alarm signal comprises the electronic generation and emission of a signal which is selected from the group consisting of acoustic sound signals, acoustic speech signals, optic signals, vibration signals and combinations thereof. 19. Method in accordance with claim 16, further comprising: recording of a closure sensor signal corresponding to a closure operation of the waste container and emission of an acknowledgment signal deviating from the information, warning and/or alarm signal as a response to the closure sensor signal. 20. Method in accordance with claim 16, further comprising: mounting the waste container on a supporting unit which has a pressure sensor unit and detachably locking the waste container on or in the supporting unit so that a pressure and/or force applied on the waste container allows the recording of the pressure exerted by the waste container on the pressures sensor unit as a reaction to filling with filling material. 21. Use of the device in accordance with claim 1, to prevent damage to the waste container through filling material located in the waste container. 22. Use of the device in accordance with claim 1, with a plurality of waste containers which are interchangeable on the supporting unit as a container monitoring system. 23. Device for detecting a load and/or fill status of a medical waste container, comprising a supporting unit designed for the detachable mounting of the medical waste container, a sensor unit which is allocated to the supporting unit and by means of optical, acoustic, inductive and/or electromagnetic measuring methods, generates a sensor signal corresponding to the load and/or fill status of the waste container, an evaluation device connected downstream of the sensor unit designed for evaluating the pressure sensor signal and emitting an activation signal to an alarm and/or signal unit if a level of the sensor signal exceeds a threshold value corresponding to a predetermined fill status. 24. Device in accordance with claim 9, wherein the motor-mechanical signal emitting means comprises a vibration generator. 25. Device in accordance with claim 10, wherein the wireless power supply means comprises a battery unit and/or solar cell. 26. Method in accordance with claim 16, wherein the emission step is carried out if the sensor signal exceeds a predetermined tolerance measurement. 27. Device in accordance with claim 23, wherein the means of optical, acoustic, inductive and/or electromagnetic measuring methods are in the interior of the medical waste container. 