A shade or blind comprises a header and a photovoltaically active area. The photovoltaically active area is suspended from the header. The shade or blind further comprises a light and conductors coupling the photovoltaically active area to the light.
Claims 1. A shade or blind comprising a header, a photovoltaically active area, the photovoltaically active area being suspended from the header, a light, and conductors coupling the photovoltaically active area to the light. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a switch coupled between the photovoltaically active area and the light. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a rechargeable battery coupled to the photovoltaically active area. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 further comprising a voltage regulator coupled to the photovoltaically active area and to the rechargeable battery. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the photovoltaically active area is provided on a slat of a blind, the slat having two opposite sides, the photovoltaically active area being provided on one of the sides. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein the blind comprises multiple slats, each slat having two opposite sides. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 comprising multiple lights, at least one of the multiple lights being provided on each of a plurality of the multiple slats. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein the multiple lights produce various colors of light, the multiple lights being arranged and controlled to produce patterns on the slats. 9. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the photovoltaically active area comprises a flexible photovoltaic film provided on a shade. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the light comprises at least one of a liquid crystal display, a light emitting diode, a plasma display, and a thin panel light. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 further including a source for providing at least one of modulated and AC power to the light. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a photosensor to turn on the light after the ambient light level becomes low enough. 13. The apparatus of claim 12 further comprising a timer coupled in circuit with the photosensor to turn the light off after a period of time has passed after the light has been turned on. 14. The apparatus of claim 12 further comprising a motion sensor coupled in circuit with the photosensor to turn on the light after the ambient light level becomes low enough only when motion is first detected after the ambient light level becomes low enough to turn on the light. 15. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising an actuator for controlling the orientation of the photovoltaically active area. 16. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising an electrical grid, an inverter, the output of which is synchronized in phase to the electrical grid, and conductors coupling an output of the inverter to the electrical grid, the outputs of the photovoltaic cell being coupled to the inverter, the alternating current produced at the output of the inverter being coupled to the grid. 17. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a direct current port coupled to the photovoltaically active area to provide a source of direct current voltage. 