The present disclosure is directed to a system and method of sustainable economic development, such as development through an integrated production of renewable energy, material resources, and nutrient regimes. In some embodiments, the system utilizes resources extracted from renewable energy sources to assist in the capture of energy from other renewable energy sources. In some embodiments, the system utilizes energy from renewable energy sources to extract resources from other renewable energy sources.
Claims 1. A system for sustainable economic development, the system comprising: an extraction component, wherein the extraction component is configured to extract carbon from a biomass; and an energy component, wherein the energy component is configured to harness energy from a renewable energy source using the extracted carbon. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the energy component is configured to harness from the renewable energy source an amount of energy greater than an amount of energy harnessed from oxidizing the extracted carbon using a combustion engine, a fuel cell, or a thermoelectric cell. 3. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a byproduct component, wherein the byproduct component is configured to: generate a byproduct using the renewable energy source and one or more non-carbon based substances extracted from the biomass by the extraction component; and provide the generated byproduct to the renewable energy source. 4. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a byproduct component, wherein the byproduct component is configured to generate a byproduct using the renewable energy source and one or more non-carbon based substances extracted from the biomass by the extraction component. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the extraction component includes a dissociation component configured to thermally dehydrogenate the biomass. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the extraction component includes a dissociation component configured to electrically dehydrogenate the biomass. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the extraction component includes a dissociation component configured to optically dehydrogenate the biomass. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the extraction component is configured to receive energy from the energy component during extraction of the carbon from the biomass. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the renewable energy source is a solar concentrator. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the renewable energy source is a moving water energy source. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein the renewable energy source is a wind energy source. 12. A system for sustainable economic development, the system comprising: an extraction component, wherein the extraction component is configured to extract hydrogen from a source of water; and an energy component, wherein the energy component is configured to harness energy from a renewable energy source using the extracted hydrogen. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the extraction component receives energy from the renewable energy source in order to extract the hydrogen from the source of water. 14. The system of claim 12, wherein the source of water includes a source of sea water. 15. The system of claim 12, wherein the source of water includes a source of industrial waste water. 16. The system of claim 12, wherein the source of water includes a source of agricultural waste water. 17. The system of claim 12, wherein the source of water includes a source of sewage. 18. The system of claim 12, wherein the source of water includes a source of landfill waste water. 19. The system of claim 12, wherein the extraction component includes a dissociation component configured to thermally dissociate the hydrogen from other substances within the source of water. 20. The system of claim 12, wherein the extraction component includes a dissociation component configured to electrically dissociate the hydrogen from other substances within the source of water. 21. The system of claim 12, wherein the extraction component includes a dissociation component configured to optically dissociate the hydrogen from other substances within the source of water. 22. The system of claim 12, wherein the extraction component includes a dissociation component configured to magnetically dissociate the hydrogen from other substances within the source of water. 23. The system of claim 12, wherein the extraction component includes a dissociation component configured to thermally dissociate the hydrogen from other substances within the source of water. 24. The system of claim 12, wherein the renewable energy source is a solar concentrator. 25. The system of claim 12, wherein the renewable energy source is a wind energy source. 26. The system of claim 12, wherein the renewable energy source is a moving water energy source. 27. The system of claim 12, wherein the renewable energy source is a geothermal energy source. 28. A method for sustainable economic development, the method comprising: dissociating two or more substances from the feedstock, wherein dissociating the two or more substances from the feedstock includes providing energy from a renewable energy source to assist in performing the dissociation; and extracting hydrogen from the two or more dissociated substances using the renewable energy source. 29. The method of claim 28, further comprising: proving a first portion of the extracted hydrogen to the renewable energy source to assist in a further dissociation of feedstock; and providing a second portion of the extracted hydrogen to an electricity producing component to assist in generation of electricity. 30. The method of claim 28, further comprising: combusting a first portion of the extracted hydrogen with air to produce water and nitrogen; and reacting a second portion of the extracted hydrogen with the produced nitrogen to produce ammonia or a resource derived from ammonia. 31. The method of claim 28, further comprising: reacting the extracted hydrogen with a carbon donor to produce a resource that includes carbon and hydrogen. 32. The method of claim 28, further comprising: reacting the extracted hydrogen with an oxide of carbon to produce a resource that includes carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen. 33. A system for sustainable economic development, the system comprising: a feedstock component, wherein the feedstock component is configured to provide feedstock into the system; a resource extraction sub-system for extracting a desired resource from the provided feedstock, wherein the resource extraction sub-system includes: a separation component, wherein the separation component is configured to separate a desired resource from the provided feedstock; and an energy component, wherein the energy component is configured to provide energy to the separation component to assist in separation of the desired resource from the feedstock; an additional resource generation sub-system for generating additional resources from byproducts within the separation component after separation of the desired resource from the feedstock, wherein the additional resource generation sub-system includes: a byproduct reception component, wherein the byproduct reception component is configured to receive one or more byproducts of the separation of the desired resource from the feedstock; and an energy component, wherein the energy component is configured to provide energy to convert the one or more byproducts in the byproduct reception component into additional resources. 34. The system of claim 33, wherein the feedstock component provides a substance containing carbon into the system; and wherein the separation component dissociates carbon from the provided substance containing carbon. 35. The system of claim 33, wherein the separation component is a dissociation component that performs thermal dissociation to separate the desired resource from the provided feedstock. 36. The system of claim 33, wherein the separation component is a dissociation component that performs electrical dissociation to separate the desired resource from the provided feedstock. 37. The system of claim 33, wherein the separation component is a dissociation component that performs optical dissociation to separate the desired resource from the provided feedstock. 38. The system of claim 33, wherein the separation component is a dissociation component that performs magnetic dissociation to separate the desired resource from the provided feedstock. 39. The system of claim 33, wherein the energy component of the resource extraction sub-system is a renewable energy component. 40. The system of claim 33, wherein the energy component of the resource extraction sub-system is a solar concentrator. 41. The system of claim 33, wherein the energy component of the resource extraction sub-system is a moving water energy source. 42. The system of claim 33, wherein the energy component of the resource extraction sub-system is a wind energy source. 43. The system of claim 33, wherein the byproducts include carbon dioxide and the additional resources include oxygen and carbon. 44. The system of claim 33, wherein the byproducts include carbon monoxide and hydrogen and the additional resources include methanol. 45. The system of claim 33, wherein the byproducts include methane and the additional resources include hydrogen and carbon. 46. The system of claim 33, wherein the byproducts include hydrogen and the additional resources include ammonia. 47. The system of claim 33, wherein the byproducts include ash and the additional resources include fertilizer. 48. A method for sustainable economic development, the method comprising: dissociating two or more substances from the feedstock, wherein dissociating the two or more substances from the feedstock includes providing energy from a renewable energy source to assist in performing the dissociation; and extracting carbon from at least one of the two or more dissociated substances using the renewable energy source. 49. The method of claim 48, wherein the at least one dissociated substance includes carbon dioxide. 50. The method of claim 48, wherein the at least one dissociated substance includes carbon monoxide. 51. The method of claim 48, wherein the at least one dissociated substance includes methane. 52. The method of claim 48, further comprising: providing one of the two or more dissociated substances that does not contain carbon to the renewable energy source. 53. The method of claim 48, further comprising: when one of the two or more dissociated substances is hydrogen, providing the hydrogen to the renewable energy source. 54. The method of claim 48, wherein one of the dissociated substances does not include carbon, the method further comprising: providing the one dissociated substance that does not include carbon to the renewable energy source to generate methanol. 55. The method of claim 48, wherein one of the dissociated substances does not include carbon, the method further comprising: providing the one dissociated substance that does not include carbon to the renewable energy source to generate ammonia. 56. The method of claim 48, wherein one of the dissociated substances does not include carbon, the method further comprising: providing the one dissociated substance that does not include carbon to the renewable energy source to generate fertilizer. 57. A process for energy conversion comprising the steps of subjecting one or more fluid substances to a geological formation for purposes selected from the group comprised of heat gain, intermittent storage of chemical and or pressure energy, and extraction of valuable substances from said formation wherein work production is accomplished by at least one of said one or more fluid substances in one or more energy conversion devices, wherein at least one of said one or more fluid substances is conditioned to provide a state selected from the group consisting of liquid, mixed liquid and vapor, vapor, or gas that is delivered to drive said one or more energy conversion devices. 58. A process as in claim 57 wherein said geological formation contains hydrocarbons. 59. A process as in claim 57 wherein after subjecting one or more fluid substances to a geological formation said one or more fluid substances receives supplemental heat from sources selected from the group comprised of solar, industrial, commercial and heat engine sources. 60. A process as in claim 57 wherein said fluid is delivered to a geological formation for purposes selected from the group comprised of storage of chemical potential energy, storage of pressure potential energy, storage of chemical and pressure potential energy, heat transfer from said formation to said fluid, transfer of substances from said formation to said fluid and production of substances from said formation as a result of the presence of said fluid. 61. A process for producing and utilizing geothermal heat to develop, and deliver fluids selected from the group comprised of carbon dioxide, methane, and hydrogen for a purpose selected from a group comprised of an aqueous plant production, a greenhouse plant production, a hydroponics plant production and use as the working fluid for operation of one or more energy conversion devices. 62. A process as in claim 61 in which said aqueous plant is selected from the group comprised of algae. 63. An extraction system comprising: extracting carbon or hydrogen from a carbon or hydrogen donor compound wherein said hydrogen is utilized in one or more subsystem applications locally or at a distance after one or more occasions of intermittent storage in one or more geologic formations. 64. The system of claim 63 further comprising: said apparatus supports varied micro-climate zones; and said zones further comprise sub-zones; and said sub-zones that contain unique thermal, humidity, natural resources, or energy transfer characteristics that can be manipulated for work. 65. A sustainable economic development engine system comprising: a method for economic incentives that increase productivity; a method for removing disincentives that decrease productivity; a method for creating jobs in plant husbandry, manufacturing, energy production, information and energy management; and a method for implementing a macro-economic algorithm of sustainability; farming within microclimates (man-made) communities (cities that are sustainable); farm equipment from carbon extracted; and health benefits. 66. A farming process comprising: a method to improve crop yields by decreasing the cost of energy used to produce crops; a method to decrease the need for fertilizers by returning trace minerals to the soil; a method of fertilizing crops with algae; a system for water management; a system for energy production and management; CO2 to increase crop potential; a system for raising crops in a micro climate that can be enclosed as necessary or monitored access to the environment to add air (up/down draft) or precipitation; and a macro food production system to harvest the crop waste (stem, stalk, stover) into carbon or hydrogen. 67. A fish spawning system comprising: a method to provide nutrients, oxygen, and clean water for supporting fish spawning; a system for monitoring and controlling temperature to support environment; and a system to extract protein, carbohydrates, fat, vitamins, minerals from biomass/liquor as nutrition for fish. 68. A poultry, swine, bovine (animal husbandry) system comprising: a system to raise animals in a controlled environment; a system for raising feed crops without pesticides or fertilizers; water management system to purify water by extraction of hydrogen from acid rain and other sources of acidified water including water conditioned to an acidified state by reducing agents a system for utilizing drip irrigation of crops. 