Solar power tracking techniques are described herein. In one aspect of the invention, a solar power tracking apparatus includes, but is not limited to, a voltage converter and a controller coupled to the voltage converter. The voltage converter includes an input capable of being coupled to a solar power source and an output capable of being coupled to an electronic load, such as, for example, a portable electronic device. The voltage converter is configured to monitor or detect an amount of power drawn by the electronic load at the output of the voltage converter. In response to the monitored power drawn, the controller is configured to control the voltage converter to reduce amount of power to be drawn subsequently if the monitored amount of power exceeds a predetermined threshold. As a result, the output voltage from the solar power source is maintained within a predetermined range. Other methods and apparatuses are also described.
Claims 1. A method for operating a portable electronic device with solar power, comprising: generating regulated power via a voltage converter to power a portable electronic device based on solar power derived from a solar power source; monitoring power drawn at an output of the voltage converter by the portable electronic device; and in response to the monitored power, controlling the voltage converter to adjust further regulated power to the portable electronic device. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein monitoring power comprises sensing via a current sensing device an amount of current drawn at the output of the voltage converter, the sensed current representing the power drawn at the output of the voltage converter. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the voltage converter comprises a power switching device and a switching regulator, wherein the method further comprises: the switching regulator controlling the power switching device to switch in order to provide regulated power to the portable electronic device; and the controller providing a control signal to the switching regulator based on the monitored power, which in turn controls the power switching device. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the controller is a programmable controller having one or more instructions stored therein, when executed by the controller, cause the controller to generate a control signal to control the voltage converter based on the monitored power using a predetermined algorithm. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein the switching regulator is a pulse width modulator (PWM), wherein the control signal provided by the controller provides a feedback to the PWM to adjust a duty cycle of the power switching device, which in turn adjust an output of the voltage converter. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein the voltage converter comprises a first switching device in parallel with the output of the voltage converter and a second switching device in series of the output of the voltage converter, wherein the PWM is configured to alternately turn on one of the first and second switching devices. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the voltage converter further comprising a capacitor coupled to the input of the voltage converter to temporarily store energy derived from the solar power source during a switching period in order to maintain an input current of the voltage converter relatively constant. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the portable electronic device is a device selected from a group consisting of: a media player; a notebook or tablet computer; a cellular phone; a digital camera; and a personal digital assistant (PDA) or handheld device. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein monitoring power comprises sensing via a current sensing device an amount of current drawn at the output of the voltage converter, the sensed current representing the power drawn at the output of the voltage converter. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the voltage converter comprises a power switching device and a switching regulator, wherein the method further comprises: the switching regulator controlling the power switching device to switch in order to provide regulated power to the portable electronic device; and the controller providing a control signal to the switching regulator based on the monitored power, which in turn controls the power switching device. 11. The method of claim 3, wherein the controller is a programmable controller having one or more instructions stored therein, when executed by the controller, cause the controller to generate a control signal to control the voltage converter based on the monitored power using a predetermined algorithm. 12. The method of claim 4, wherein the switching regulator is a pulse width modulator (PWM), wherein the control signal provided by the controller provides a feedback to the PWM to adjust a duty cycle of the power switching device, which in turn adjust an output of the voltage converter. 13. The method of claim 5, wherein the voltage converter comprises a first switching device in parallel with the output of the voltage converter and a second switching device in series of the output of the voltage converter, wherein the PWM is configured to alternately turn on one of the first and second switching devices. 14. The method of claim 6, wherein the voltage converter further comprising a capacitor coupled to the input of the voltage converter to temporarily store energy derived from the solar power source during a switching period in order to maintain an input current of the voltage converter relatively constant. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein the portable electronic device is a device selected from a group consisting of: a media player; a notebook or tablet computer; a cellular phone; a digital camera; and a personal digital assistant (PDA) or handheld device. 