A solar absorber module is described. The module has a housing with a longitudinal axis with a first tapered housing section with a first, free end, and a second end with a reduced cross-sectional area compared to the first end, and with a second housing section adjoining the second end of the first housing section with a substantially constant cross-section over its length. The module also has a ceramic solar absorber element accommodated in the first end of the first housing section with a first surface that can be oriented toward the solar radiation with an axis of symmetry, and a second surface lying across from the first surface, wherein the solar absorber element has a large number of substantially straight channels connecting the first surface to the second surface. The solar absorber module is accommodated in the first end of the first housing section such that the axis of symmetry of the first surface is inclined relative to the longitudinal axis of the housing.
Claims 1-22. (canceled) 23. A solar absorber module comprising: a housing with a longitudinal axis, the housing comprising a first tapered housing section with a first free end and a second end with a reduced cross-sectional area compared to the first end, and a second housing section adjoining the second end of the first housing section with a substantially constant cross-section over its length; and a ceramic solar absorber element accommodated in the first end of the first housing section, the absorber element comprising a first surface that can be oriented toward the solar radiation with an axis of symmetry, and a second surface lying across from the first surface, wherein the solar absorber element comprises a large number of substantially straight channels connecting the first surface to the second surface, and the solar absorber element is accommodated in the first end of the first housing section such that the axis of symmetry of the first surface is inclined relative to the longitudinal axis of the housing. 24. The solar absorber module according to claim 23, wherein the angle of inclination is 5.degree.-20.degree.. 25. The solar absorber module according to claim 23, wherein the first surface of the solar absorber element is configured substantially flat, with the axis of symmetry coinciding with the normal of the first surface. 26. The solar absorber module according to claim 23, wherein the solar absorber element is configured as a flat component, in particular disk shaped or cube shaped, with the channels running substantially perpendicular to the planar length. 27. The solar absorber module according to claim 23, wherein the housing is produced from a ceramic material. 28. The solar absorber module according to claim 27, wherein the housing is produced from silicon infiltrated silicon carbide (SiSiC) or nitride bound silicon carbide (NSiC) or cordierite. 29. The solar absorber module according to claim 23, wherein the channels have a polygonal cross section. 30. The solar absorber module according to claim 29, wherein the channels have a hexagonal cross section. 31. The solar absorber module according to claim 23, wherein the inner wall of the second housing section is provided with an insulating lining. 32. The solar absorber module according to claim 31, wherein the insulating lining extends into the first tapered housing section, wherein the insulating lining lies flat against the wall of the first tapered housing section. 33. The solar absorber module according to claim 23, wherein an outer wall of the second housing section is coated with insulation. 34. The solar absorber module according to claim 23, wherein the second housing section has on its outer wall at least one spacer projection for centric mounting in a tube of a solar absorber arrangement. 35. The solar absorber module according to claim 23, wherein the housing comprises, in the first tapered housing section, a wall extending over an entire internal cross-section of the first housing section, the wall being provided with a plurality of openings. 36. The solar absorber module according to claim 35, wherein a cross section of the openings and/or density of the openings per surface unit of the wall increases from a center of the surface of the wall to an edge of the surface of the wall. 37. The solar absorber module according to claim 35, wherein the wall is configured concavely curved as viewed from a free end of the first housing section. 38. The solar absorber module according to claim 35, wherein a distribution and/or cross section of the openings provided in the wall arranged in the first housing section is dimensioned such that a fluid stream flowing into the solar absorber element oversubstantially an entire cross section of the solar absorber element is guided uniformly into the second housing section with respect to individual surface area units on the absorber element. 39. The solar absorber module according to claim 35, wherein the housing is produced in combined hollow casting and solid casting. 40. A method for production of the housing for the solar absorber module according to claim 39, the method comprising: creating the housing in combined hollow casting and solid casting, with a region between a first free end of the first housing section and the wall created in solid casting and a region between the wall and a free end of the second section created in hollow casting, forming the openings in the wall, and subjecting the housing to subsequent high temperature treatment. 41. A solar absorber arrangement with a support structure for a plurality of solar absorber modules according to claim 23. 42. The solar absorber arrangement according to claim 41, wherein the support structure has a number of double walled pipe sockets inset in the supporting structure, in which the respective second housing sections of the housing of the solar absorber module are accommodated. 43. The solar absorber arrangement according to claim 41, wherein the support structure has a front face with an arrangement of first openings and second openings surrounding the first openings, wherein the solar absorber modules are accommodated in the first openings and the second openings are configured for discharge of cooled air flowing back. 44. The solar absorber arrangement according to claim 43, wherein the second openings are configured as vertical and/or horizontal slits and/or circular openings. 