A method and apparatus for power wiring. In one embodiment, the apparatus comprises a splice box comprising (i) a plug having a plurality of plug pins, each plug pin of the plurality of plug pins for coupling to a conductor within a cable adapted for coupling to a power line; (ii) a first pin receptacle for coupling to a first guide pin of a connector; and (iii) a first pair of retention bars disposed within the first pin receptacle, the first pair of retention bars for retaining the first guide pin.
Claims 1. An apparatus for power wiring, comprising: a splice box comprising: a plug having a plurality of plug pins, each plug pin of the plurality of plug pins for coupling to a conductor within a cable adapted for coupling to a power line; a first pin receptacle for coupling to a first guide pin of a connector; and a first pair of retention bars disposed within the first pin receptacle, the first pair of retention bars for retaining the first guide pin. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the splice box further comprises a second pin receptacle for coupling to a second guide pin of the connector, wherein the second pin receptacle is at least one of (i) shaped differently, (ii) sized differently, or (iii) oriented differently than the first pin receptacle. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the first pair of retention bars are capable of being spread apart for receiving the first guide pin and for releasing the first guide pin. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, further comprising a first release aperture; wherein the first pair of retention bars are disposed within the first release aperture and are capable of being spread apart by inserting an extraction tool into the first release aperture. 5. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the retention bars are capable of retracting, subsequent to being spread, such that a protuberance of the first guide pin is prohibited from passing between the retention bars. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a plug cover for mating with the plug such that the plug is environmentally sealed. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising the connector, wherein the connector comprises a plurality of plug pin receptacles for coupling to the plurality of plug pins. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein each plug pin receptacle of the plurality of plug pin receptacles is electrically coupled to an output of a DC-AC inverter. 9. A method for generating a wiring assembly, comprising: aligning a flat cable with a first splice region of a first splice box such that each wire conductor of a plurality of wire conductors within the flat cable is aligned with a predetermined splice box conductor of a plurality of first splice box conductors within the first splice region; and electrically coupling the plurality of wire conductors to the plurality of first splice box conductors. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein exposed portions of the plurality of wire conductors are aligned with the plurality of first splice box conductors. 11. The method of claim 9, wherein the plurality of wire conductors are electrically coupled to the plurality of first splice box conductors by piercing insulation of the plurality of wire conductors. 12. The method of claim 9, further comprising: covering the first splice box region with a housing cover; and applying an over mold over the first splice box region. 13. The method of claim 9, further comprising: aligning the flat cable with a second splice region of a second splice box; and electrically coupling the plurality of wire conductors to a plurality of second splice box conductors within the second splice region, wherein the plurality of wire conductors are coupled in a different configuration to the plurality of second splice box conductors than to the plurality of first splice box conductors. 14. A system for power wiring, comprising: a flat cable for coupling to a power line; a plurality of splice boxes, each splice box of the plurality of splice boxes comprising (i) a plug comprising a plurality of pins, (ii) a first pin receptacle, and (iii) a first pair of retention bars disposed within the first pin receptacle, wherein each pin of the plurality of pins is electrically coupled to a wire conductor of a plurality of wire conductors within the flat cable; and a plurality of connectors, each connector of the plurality of connectors coupled to each splice box of a first subset of the plurality of splice boxes, wherein the first pair of retention bars of each splice box of the first subset retains a first guide pin of the connector. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the plurality of pins at each splice box of the plurality of splice boxes is electrically coupled to the plurality of wire conductors in a different configuration than at an adjacent splice box. 16. The system of claim 14, further comprising a plurality of power converters, wherein the plurality of connectors is coupled to the plurality of power converters. 17. The system of claim 16, further comprising a plurality of photovoltaic (PV) modules, wherein the plurality of splice boxes are physically coupled to the PV modules, and the plurality of power converters are physically and electrically coupled to the PV modules. 18. The system of claim 14, wherein each splice box of the plurality of splice boxes further comprises a first release aperture, wherein the first pair of retention bars are disposed within the first release aperture and are capable of being spread apart to disengage the connector by inserting an extraction tool into the first release aperture. 18. The system of claim 14, wherein each splice box of the plurality of splice boxes further comprises a second pin receptacle for coupling to a second guide pin of the connector, wherein the second pin receptacle is at least one of (i) shaped differently, (ii) sized differently, or (iii) oriented differently than the first pin receptacle. 20. The system of claim 14, wherein the plug of each splice box of a second subset of the plurality of splice boxes is coupled to a plug cover for environmentally sealing the pins. 