An eye mounted device configured to actively evacuate fluid from the anterior chamber of the eye to an exterior region or the sclera of the eye. The device employs a miniature pump powered by a photovoltaic cell which is mounted in the clear corneal tissue and which may be curved in the same shape as the eye. One or a combination of pressure sensors and timers determine the duration the device evacuates fluid from the user's eye.
Claims 1. An apparatus configured for implantation in the eye to relieve intraocular pressure, comprising: a pump sized for implant into a cavity formed in the scleral tissue of the eye of a patient; an intake conduit extending from said pump to an intake aperture at a distal end; said intake conduit having a length providing a means to position said intake aperture in a communication with the anterior chamber of said eye; an outflow conduit extending from a first end in communication with said pump, to an outflow aperture at a distal end of said outflow conduit; said outflow conduit having a length configured to position said outflow conduit within a layer of said scleral tissue or exterior to scleral tissue and said eye; a photovoltaic cell in an electrical communication with said pump, said photovoltaic cell configured for a mounting within the cornea of said eye; said photovoltaic cell communicating electric energy to power said pump to an energized state using a conversion of light communicated thereto through said cornea; said pump in said energized state providing a pumping of fluid from said anterior chamber to an exit at said outflow aperture; and said pumping of fluid providing a means to lower and maintain an intraocular pressure of said eye. 2. The apparatus configured for implantation in the eye of claim 1, additionally comprising: pressure sensing means to switch said pump to and from said energized state; and said pressure sensing means switching said pump to said energized state only when sensed intraocular pressure rises to a preset level, whereby said pump is activated for said pumping of said fluid only when said intraocular pressure dictates a need for it. 3. The apparatus configured for implantation in the eye of claim 1, additionally comprising: means for storage of electrical energy for subsequent communication to said pump; and said means for storage of electrical energy in said electrical communication with said photovoltaic cell, whereby a portion of said electric energy from said photovoltaic cell can be stored for a said subsequent communication to said pump. 4. The apparatus configured for implantation in the eye of claim 2, additionally comprising: means for storage of electrical energy for subsequent communication to said pump; and said means for storage of electrical energy in said electrical communication with said photovoltaic cell, whereby a portion of said electric energy from said photovoltaic cell can be stored for a said subsequent communication to said pump. 5. The apparatus configured for implantation in the eye of claim 1, additionally comprising: a microprocessor having software adapted to switching said electrical energy in a communication in-between said electric energy and said pump; and said microprocessor employing said software to place said pump in said energized state for time durations. 6. The apparatus configured for implantation in the eye of claim 2, additionally comprising: a microprocessor having software adapted to switching said electrical energy in a communication in-between said electric energy and said pump; and said microprocessor employing said software to place said pump in said energized state for one or a combination of intermittent time durations or pumping durations subsequent to when a sensed intraocular pressure rises to a preset level. 7. The apparatus configured for implantation in the eye of claim 3, additionally comprising: a microprocessor having software adapted to switching said electrical energy in a communication in-between said electric energy and said pump; and said microprocessor employing said software to place said pump in said energized state for one or a combination of intermittent time durations or pumping durations subsequent to when a sensed intraocular pressure rises to a preset level. 8. The apparatus configured for implantation in the eye of claim 4, additionally comprising: a microprocessor having software adapted to switching said electrical energy in a communication in-between said electric energy and said pump; and said microprocessor employing said software to place said pump in said energized state for one or a combination of intermittent time durations or pumping durations subsequent to when a sensed intraocular pressure rises to a preset level. 9. A method of employing the apparatus of claim 1 for lowering the intraocular pressure of a patient comprising the steps of: forming said cavity in the scleral tissue of a patient and positioning said pump therein; positioning said intake conduit to extend from said pump to position said intake aperture in a communication with the anterior chamber of said eye; positioning said outflow conduit to extend from said pump and position said outflow aperture within a layer of said scleral tissue or at a position exterior to scleral tissue at the exterior surface of said eye; positioning said photovoltaic cell within the cornea of said eye; allowing said pump to reach said energized state to thereby provide said pumping of said fluid from said anterior chamber to an said outflow aperture and provide said means to lower and maintain an intraocular pressure of said eye. 10. The method of claim 9 comprising the additional steps of: positioning a pressure sensor in an operative communication with said anterior chamber; and employing said pressure sensor as a switch to move said pump to said energized state when said intraocular pressure surpasses a preset level. 