A solar power system includes a number of solar panels, a bus, and a DC-AC inverter. Each of the solar panels includes a plurality of photovoltaic chips and a DC-DC converter wherein the photovoltaic chips are serially connected and configured for converting sunlight energy into electrical power. The DC-DC converter is configured for converting the voltage generated by the photovoltaic chips of each solar panel to a common voltage value. The bus electrically connects to the DC-DC converters for receiving the electrical power generate from the solar panels. The DC-AC inverter connects to the bus to invert the DC voltage of the bus into AC voltage.
Claims 1. A solar power system, comprising: a plurality of solar panels, each of the solar panels comprising a plurality of photovoltaic chips and a direct current (DC)-DC converter, wherein the photovoltaic chips are serially connected and configured for converting sunlight energy into electrical power, the DC-DC converter is configured for converting the voltage generated by the photovoltaic chips of each solar panel to a common voltage value; a bus electrically connecting to the DC-DC converters for receiving the electrical power generate from the solar panels; and a DC-alternating current (AC) inverter connecting to the bus to invert the DC voltage of the bus into AC voltage. 2. The solar power system in claim 1, further comprising a first diode coupled between the DC-DC converter and the bus. 3. The solar power system in claim 2, wherein the bus comprising a live wire and a null line, the anode of the first diode is coupled to the DC-DC converter and the cathode is coupled to the live wire. 4. The solar power system in claim 1, wherein the DC-DC converter comprising a maximum power point tracker (MPPT), the MPPT is configured for tracking the maximum power generated by the solar panels. 5. The solar power system in claim 4, wherein the MPPT comprising a first input terminal, a second input terminal, a first output terminal, and a second output terminal; the first input terminal and second input terminal are coupled to the photovoltaic chips, the second output terminal is grounded. 6. The solar power system in claim 5, wherein the DC-DC converter further comprising a first capacitor, a controlling chip, a resistor, an inductor, a transistor, a second diode, and a second capacitor; the first capacitor is coupled between the first output terminal and a second output terminal, the controlling chip comprising a first input terminal coupled to the first output terminal of the MPPT, a second input terminal, a first output terminal coupled to the first output terminal of the MPPT via the resistor, and a second output terminal; the transistor comprising a base coupled to the second output terminal of the controlling chip, a emitter is ground, and a collector; the inductor is coupled between the first output terminal of the MPPT and the collector; the second diode comprising an anode coupled to the collector and a cathode coupled to the second input terminal of the controlling chip; the second capacitor comprising a first terminal coupled to the cathode and a second terminal grounded. 7. The solar power system in claim 1, wherein the output voltage of a DC-DC converter is approximately proportional to the output current of the DC-DC converter. 8. The solar power system in claim 1, wherein the slope of the load lines of the solar panels are approximately. 