A woven fabric (1) made from threads (2) that are formed from plastic at least one their outside surface. At least one surface side (7) of the fabric (1) is partially metallically coated.
Claims 1-22. (canceled) 23. A fabric, comprising woven threads having outer surfaces and surface sides wherein at least the outer surfaces are formed of plastic and at least one surface side of the fabric is partially metallically coated. 24. The fabric in accordance with claim 23, wherein the metallic coating forms a conducting path structure. 25. The fabric in accordance with claim 24, wherein the conducting path comprises a branched structure shaped in the form of a labyrinth. 26. The fabric in accordance with claim 25, wherein at least one electrical component is arranged on the fabric and comprises a monitoring device for monitoring the conducting path structure for damage. 27. The fabric in accordance with claim 23, wherein the metallic coating comprises a metal selected from the group consisting of silver, copper, aluminum, nickel, gold, titanium, chromium, and mixtures thereof. 28. The fabric in accordance with claim 23, wherein the threads are formed exclusively from a polymer material. 29. The fabric in accordance with claim 23, wherein the metallic coating has a thickness of between about 10 nm and about 1000 nm. 30. The fabric in accordance with claim 23, wherein the metallic coating has a thickness of between about 20 nm and about 500 nm. 31. The fabric in accordance with claim 23, wherein the threads have a diameter of between about 10 .mu.m and about 1000 .mu.m. 32. The fabric in accordance with claim 23, wherein the threads have a diameter of between about 24 .mu.m and about 200 .mu.m. 33. The fabric in accordance with claim 23, wherein the fabric is designed as one of a taffeta fabric and a twill fabric. 34. The fabric in accordance with claim 23, wherein the fabric comprises one of a screen printing fabric, a filter fabric, and a screening fabric. 35. A device comprising at least one fabric, wherein the fabric comprises woven threads having outer surfaces and surface sides wherein at least the outer surfaces are formed of plastic and at least one surface side of the fabric is partially metallically coated. 36. The device in accordance with claim 35, wherein the device comprises one of a screen printing device, a screening device, a sensor, a cable, a heating device, a lighting device, a flexible printed circuit, a solar cell, a fuel cell, a flexible display, an OLED, a transistor, and an electronic component. 37. A method for the manufacture of a fabric comprising the following steps: providing threads having an outer surface of plastic; forming a fabric from the threads; and generating a partial metallic coating on at least one surface side of the fabric. 38. The method in accordance with claim 37, wherein, for generating the partial metallic coating, a mask is firstly applied onto the fabric, the fabric with mask is then coated by one of sputtering and vapor deposition, and the mask with the coating is removed. 39. The method in accordance with claim 38, wherein the mask is applied by one of screen printing and ink jet printing. 40. The method in accordance with claim 39, wherein the mask is water-soluble. 41. The method in accordance with claim 38, wherein the mask is removed with at least one of a high-pressure steam jet and a high-pressure water jet. 42. The method in accordance with claim 37, wherein for generating the partial metallic coating the fabric is firstly metallically coated over its full surface area by one of sputtering, galvanically, chemically, and vapor deposition. 43. The method in accordance with claim 37, wherein an etching agent is applied onto the metallic coating in regions that are later to be free of coatings. 44. The method in accordance with claim 43, wherein, after a reaction time of about 5 minutes to about 30 minutes with the etching agent, the regions of the coating are oxidized. 45. The method in accordance with claim 42, wherein the metallic coating is partially removed with high energy radiation. 