A smart virtual low voltage photovoltaic (PV) module is disclosed, including a PV module having one or more photovoltaic cells, configured to convert solar energy into DC power, and a DC/DC converting unit, coupled between the PV module and a control center coupled to the smart virtual low voltage PV module, configured to acquire from the control center a level value determined by the control center, so as to convert the DC power received from the PV module into a demanded output voltage having the level value.
Claims 1. A smart virtual low voltage photovoltaic (PV) module coupled to a control center, the module comprising: a PV module, having one or more photovoltaic cells, configured to convert solar energy into DC power; and a DC/DC converting unit, coupled between the PV module and control center, configured to acquire a level value determined by the control center, so as to convert the DC power received from the PV module into a demanded output voltage having the level value. 2. The smart virtual low voltage photovoltaic PV module of claim 1, wherein the DC/DC converting unit provides the control center with instantaneous maximum power information for the DC power output from the PV module. 3. The smart virtual low voltage photovoltaic PV module of claim 1, wherein the DC/DC converting unit is wirelessly coupled to the control center. 4. The smart virtual low voltage photovoltaic PV module of claim 1, wherein the DC/DC converting unit comprises: a maximum power point tracker, configured to track a maximum power operation point for the DC power received from the PV module; a DC/DC step down converter, configured to convert a DC input voltage generated from the maximum power point tracker into the demanded output voltage; and a controller, coupled between the DC/DC step down converter and the control center, configured to determine a voltage conversion ratio for the DC/DC step down converter in accordance with the control of the control center. 5. The smart virtual low voltage photovoltaic PV module of claim 4, wherein the controller provides the control center with instantaneous maximum power information for the DC power output from the PV module and determines the voltage conversion ratio based on the level value of the demanded output voltage received from the control center. 6. The smart virtual low voltage photovoltaic PV module of claim 4, wherein the controller has a wireless communication interface having wireless communication capability with the control center. 7. A photovoltaic (PV) power system, comprising: a control center, configured to determine respective level values for one or more demanded output voltages; one or more smart virtual low voltage PV modules coupled to the control center, each comprising: a PV module, having one or more photovoltaic cells, configured to convert solar energy into DC power; and a DC/DC converting unit, coupled between the PV module and the control center, configured to acquire from the control center one of the level values to convert the DC power received from the PV module into a corresponding one of the one or more demanded output voltages having the level value; and an inverter, coupled to the one or more smart virtual low voltage PV modules, configured to convert a system output voltage received from the one or more smart virtual low voltage PV modules into an AC voltage. 8. The PV power system of claim 7, wherein the DC/DC converting unit in each smart virtual low voltage PV module is wirelessly coupled to the control center. 9. The PV power system of claim 7, wherein the DC/DC converting unit in each smart virtual low voltage PV module comprises: a maximum power point tracker, configured to track a maximum power operation point for the DC power received from the PV module; a DC/DC step down converter, configured to convert a DC input voltage generated from the maximum power point tracker into the demanded output voltage; a controller, coupled between the DC/DC step down converter and the control center, configured to determine a voltage conversion ratio for the DC/DC step down converter in accordance with the control of the control center. 10. The PV power system of claim 9, wherein the respective controller in each smart virtual low voltage PV module provides the control center with instantaneous maximum power information for the DC power output from the PV module and determines the voltage conversion ratio based on the level value of the demanded output voltage received from the control center. 11. The PV power system of claim 9, wherein the controller has a wireless communication interface having wireless communication capability with the control center. 12. The PV power system of claim 7, wherein the control center determines the respective level values of one or more demanded output voltage based on the respective maximum power values of the one or more smart virtual low voltage PV modules. 13. The PV power system of claim 7, wherein the one or more smart virtual low voltage PV modules are connected as a string. 14. The PV power system of claim 8, wherein in determination of the respective level values of one or more demanded output voltages, the control center calculates the total maximum power value of the one or more smart virtual low voltage PV modules, calculates a string current based on the system output voltage and the total maximum power value, and calculates the level value of each demanded output voltage based on the corresponding maximum power value and the string current. 15. The PV power system of claim 7, wherein the control center determines the respective level values of one or more demanded output voltages based on a condition that the system output voltage is an optimal input voltage of the inverter. 16. The PV power system of claim 7, wherein the control center determines the respective level values of one or more demanded output voltages based on a condition that each of the one or more virtual low voltage PV modules operates at a respective maximum power operation point. 17. A power converting method, comprising the following steps: converting solar energy into one or more DC input signals; generating respective instantaneous maximum power information from each of the one or more DC input signals; determining respective level values for one or more demanded output voltages based on the instantaneous maximum power information; converting the one or more DC input signals respectively into the determined level values of the one or more demanded output voltages. 18. The power converting method of claim 17, wherein the step of determining respective level values of one or more demanded output voltages comprises: calculating a total maximum power value based on the instantaneous maximum power information of the one or more DC input signals; calculating a string current based a predetermined voltage and the total maximum power value; and calculating the respective level value of each demanded output voltage based on the corresponding maximum power value and the string current. 19. The power converting method of claim 17, wherein the determining respective level values of one or more demanded output voltages is based on a condition that the predetermined voltage is an optimal input voltage of an inverter. 20. The power converting method of claim 17, wherein the determining respective level values of one or more demanded output voltages is based on one or more maximum power operation points of the one or more DC input signals. 