The invention relates to a sensor network in an aircraft, which comprises several sensor nodes that communicate with a central data collection and evaluation unit via a radio transmission path. Data transmission can take place in various ways. For example, different frequency ranges are provided, from which the respective frequency range enabling the best data transmission quality is selected.
Claims 1. A sensor node for a wireless sensor network for acquiring measured values in an aircraft, wherein the sensor node comprises: a sensor unit for acquiring the measured values; a power supply unit for supplying the sensor node with electrical energy; a transmitting and receiving unit for wirelessly transmitting the acquired, pre-processed measured values to a central data collection and evaluation unit. 2. The sensor node of claim 1, wherein the power supply unit is designed to autonomously supply power to the sensor node through energy conversion. 3. The sensor node of claim 2, wherein the power supply unit comprises a vibration generator for providing the sensor node with a decentralized power supply. 4. The sensor node of claim 2, wherein the power supply unit comprises a thermoelectric transducer for providing the sensor node with a decentralized power supply. 5. The sensor node of claim 2, wherein the power supply unit comprises an antenna to receive electromagnetic energy for providing the sensor node with a decentralized power supply. 6. The sensor node of claim 2, wherein the power supply unit comprises a photovoltaic unit to convert light into electrical energy for providing the sensor node with a decentralized power supply. 7. The sensor node of claim 1, wherein the transmitting and receiving unit is designed to wirelessly transmit the acquired measured values in two or more separate frequency ranges. 8. The sensor node of claim 7, wherein the transmitting and receiving unit is designed in such a way as to automatically change the frequency range for transmission when an event arises. 9. The sensor node of claim 7, wherein the transmitting and receiving unit is designed to change the transmission frequency based on a prescribed sequence. 10. The sensor node of claim 1, wherein the sensor unit is designed to ascertain the identity of connected sensors and relay this information to the processor unit. 11. The sensor node of claim 1, wherein the sensor unit, the power supply unit and the transmitting and receiving unit are designed in a modular manner. 12. A sensor network for an aircraft, wherein the sensor network comprises: a plurality of sensor nodes and a central data collection and evaluation unit for collecting and evaluating the transmitted measured data, wherein the sensor nodes comprise: a sensor unit for acquiring the measured values; a power supply unit for supplying the sensor node with electrical energy; a transmitting and receiving unit for wirelessly transmitting the acquired, pre-processed measured values to a central data collection and evaluation unit. 13. The sensor network of claim 12, designed for monitoring an allocation of a frequency range provided for transmission purposes at both the installation site for the sensor node and at the transmitting and receiving station of the sensor network. 14. The sensor network of claim 12, designed for adaptive route determination in order to identify a new communication path if the transmission signal quality drops below a prescribed level. 15. A Modular kit of parts for providing a sensor network of claim 12. 16. An aircraft with a system component and sensor network of claim 12 for ascertaining a state of the system component. 17. A method for ascertaining a state of a system component in an aircraft, wherein the method involves the following steps: supplying a sensor node with electrical energy by way of a power supply unit in the sensor node; acquiring measured values in the area of the system component via the sensor node; wirelessly transmitting the acquired measured values to a central data collection and evaluation unit. 