The electromagnetic device for converting fuel based combustion engine to a hybrid or electric engine comprises an encasement with one or more electromagnets to replace a head gasket of a cyclinder of the fuel based combustion engine and a magnet connected to a top of a piston associated with the head gasket. The electromagnets in the encasement are powered by a battery and/or fuel cell. The magnet on the piston interacts with the electromagnets in the encasement to push and pull the piston within the cyclinder of the engine. The electromagnetic device further comprises a processor to control a sequence of push and pull of the piston within the cylinder of the engine by controlling the electromagnets in the encasement.
Claims 1. An electromagnetic device to convert fuel based combustion engine to a hybrid or electric engine, comprising: an encasement with one or more electromagnets to replace a head gasket of a cyclinder of the fuel based combustion engine connected to a battery to power the electromagnets in the encasement; a magnet connected to a top of a piston associated with the head gasket such that magnet interacts with the electromagnets in the encasement to push and pull the piston within the cyclinder of the engine; and a processor to control a sequence of push and pull of the piston within the cylinder of the engine by controlling the electromagnets in the encasement. 2. The electromagnetic device of claim 1, further comprising a monitor to monitor the sequence of push and pull of the piston. 3. The electromagnetic device of claim 1, wherein the encasement replaces all of the head gaskets of the fuel based engine to covert the fuel based combustion engine to an electric engine. 4. The electromagnetic device of claim 1, wherein the encasement replaces a subset of the head gaskets of the fuel based engine to covert the fuel based combustion engine to a hybrid engine. 5. The electromagnetic device of claim 1, further comprising a plugin port to receive power from an external power source. 6. The electromagnetic device of claim 1, wherein the plugin port receives power from a 110 or 220 outlet. 7. The electromagnetic device of claim 1, further comprising an external generator to charge the battery, the external generator being at least one of the following: a wind generator, a rotary whell based generator, a drive shaft generator or a solar panel. 8. The electromagnetic device of claim 1 for use with an automobile, a boat, a motorcycle, a scooter, a lawn mover, or a plane. 9. The electromagnetic device of claim 1, wherein the magnet of the piston is an electromagnet. 10. A polarity sequenced electromagnetic engine, comprising: an encasement with one or more electromagnets on top of an engine block connected to a battery to power the electromagnets in the encasement; a plurality of pistons, each piston residing in a cylinder of the engine block and each piston having a magnet on a top of each piston head such that the magnets on the pistons interact with the electromagnets in the encasement to push and pull each piston within the cyclinder of the engine block; and wherein a sequence of push and pull of each piston within the cylinder of the engine block is controlled by a processor. 11. The electromagnetic engine of claim 10, further comprising a plugin port to receive power from an external power source. 12. The electromagnetic engine of claim 10, wherein the plugin port receives power from a 110 or 220 outlet. 13. The electromagnetic engine of claim 10, further comprising an external generator to charge the battery, the external generator being at least one of the following: a wind generator, a rotary wheel based generator, a drive shaft generator or a solar panel. 14. The electromagnetic engine of claim 10 for use with an automobile, a boat, a motorcycle, a scooter, a lawn mover, a plane, a toy automobile, a toy boat, a toy motorcyle, a toy scooter, or a toy plane. 15. The electromagnetic engine of claim 10, wherein the encasement is constructed of one of the following material: aluminum, plastic, ceramic or fiberglass. 16. A polarity sequenced electromagnetic engine, comprising: an encasement with one or more electromagnets on top of an engine block connected to a battery to power the electromagnets in the encasement; a plurality of magnified pistons, each piston residing in a cylinder of the engine block; wherein each magnified piston interacts with the electromagnets in the encasement to push and pull each magnified piston within the cyclinder of the engine block; and wherein a sequence of push and pull of each piston within the cylinder of the engine block is controlled by a processor. 17. The electromagnetic engine of claim 16, wherein the encasement is constructed of one of the following material: aluminum, plastic, ceramic or fiberglass. 18. The electromagnetic device of claim 1, wherein the encasement is constructed of one of the following material: aluminum, plastic, ceramic or fiberglass. 19. The electromagnetic device of claim 1, further comprising a fuel cell to provide power to the electromagnets in the encasement. 20. The electromagnetic engine of claim 10, further comprising a fuel cell to provide power to the electromagnets in the encasement. 