A reverse interferometric method for the determination of the thickness of a layer of material employs a multi-wavelength light source which generates a light beam which comprises a time-variant series of different monochromatic wavelengths. The beam is reflected from the body of material being measured and is detected by a broad spectrum wavelength detector which produces a signal comprising a series of data points indicating the reflectivity of the sample as a function of the time-variant series of monochromatic wavelengths. A signal processor processes these data points to fit them to a model waveform, and the frequency of the model waveform is used to calculate the thickness of the body of material. Further disclosed are apparatus for carrying out the method and use of the method in a continuous process for the fabrication of thin film materials.
Claims 1. A reverse interferometric method for determining the thickness of a layer of a material, said method comprising: providing a multi-wavelength light source, said light source including a plurality of light emitters, each light emitter being operative to emit a beam of essentially monochromatic light of a preselected wavelength, wherein the preselected wavelengths of light emitted by the members of said plurality of light emitters differ from one another so as to define a preselected wavelength range; disposing a layer of a material so that it will be illuminated by the beams of essentially monochromatic light emitted by the plurality of light emitters; sequentially energizing the members of the plurality of light emitters so as to sequentially illuminate the layer with a time-variant series of incident beams of differing wavelengths of essentially monochromatic light, whereby said incident beams are reflected from said layer so as to produce a time-variant series of reflected beams; disposing a light detector so as to sense light reflected from said layer; activating said detector so as to sense said time-variant series of reflected beams and generate a signal corresponding thereto; processing said signal so as to generate a waveform corresponding to the reflectance of light from said layer as a function of the wavelengths of light in said preselected wavelength range; and processing said waveform so as to determine the thickness of said layer. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein said light emitters comprise light emitting diodes. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein said multi-wavelength light source is configured so that said light emitters are radially distributed thereupon so as to be equally spaced from said layer. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein said plurality of light emitters comprises at least ten light emitters. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein said plurality of light emitters comprises at least twenty light emitters. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein said preselected wavelength range is 400-900 nanometers. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of processing said signal from said detector comprises uses a curve fitting method to fit data points corresponding to the intensity of said reflected beams to a waveform corresponding to a model interferometric pattern for the reflection of white light from a layer of material. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of processing said signal from said detector comprises the use of a Levenberg-Marquardt algorithm. 9. The method of claim 1, including the further step of controlling a step in a production process in response to the determined thickness of said layer. 10. In a continuous process for the deposition of a layer of a thin film material onto a substrate which is continuously advanced through a deposition station wherein said layer is deposited thereupon, the improvement comprising: monitoring the thickness of said layer of material while it is being deposited in said deposition station and/or after it has been deposited, through the use of a reverse interferometric method comprising the steps of: providing a multi-wavelength light source, said light source including a plurality of light emitters, each light emitter being operative to emit a beam of essentially monochromatic light of a preselected wavelength, wherein the preselected wavelengths of light emitted by the members of said plurality of light emitters differ from one another so as to define a preselected wavelength range; disposing said layer of material so that it will be illuminated by the beams of essentially monochromatic light emitted by the plurality of light emitters, while it is being deposited and/or after it is deposited; sequentially energizing the members of the plurality of light emitters so as to sequentially illuminate the layer while it is being deposited and/or after it is deposited, with a time-variant series of incident beams of differing wavelengths of essentially monochromatic light, whereby said incident beams are reflected from said layer so as to produce a time-variant series of reflected beams; disposing a light detector so as to sense light reflected from said layer; activating said detector so as to sense said time-variant series of reflected beams and generate a signal corresponding thereto; processing said signal so as to generate a waveform corresponding to the reflectance of light from said layer as a function of the wavelengths of light in said preselected wavelength range; and processing said waveform so as to determine the thickness of said layer. 11. The method of claim 10 including the further step of controlling a parameter of the deposition process in response to the determined thickness of said layer. 12. The method of claim 10, wherein said process is a process for the deposition of a layer of a transparent conductive oxide material. 13. The method of claim 10, wherein said process is a process for the fabrication of a thin film photovoltaic device. 14. A reverse interferometric apparatus for determining the thickness of a layer of a material, said apparatus comprising: a multi-wavelength light source including a plurality of light emitters, each light emitter being operative to emit a beam of essentially monochromatic light of a preselected wavelength, wherein the preselected wavelengths of light emitted by the members of said plurality of light emitters differ from one another so as to define a preselected wavelength range; a support for retaining a layer of a material so that it will be illuminated by the beams of essentially monochromatic light emitted by the plurality of light emitters; a controller for sequentially energizing the members of the plurality of light emitters so as to cause them to sequentially illuminate the layer with a time-variant series of incident beams of differing wavelengths of essentially monochromatic light, whereby said incident beams are reflected from said layers so as to produce a time-variant series of reflected beams; a light detector disposed and operative to sense light reflected from said layer, said detector being operative to sense said time-variant series of reflected beams and generate a signal corresponding thereto; a processor operative to receive said signal from said detector and generate a waveform corresponding to the reflectance of light from said layer as a function of the wavelengths of light in said preselected wavelength range, said processor being further operative to process said waveform so as to determine the thickness of said layer. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein said light emitters comprise light emitting diodes. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein said light emitting diodes are disposed in said light source so that when a layer of material is disposed in said support, said light emitting diodes are all equally spaced therefrom. 17. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein said plurality of light emitters comprises at least ten light emitters. 18. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein said plurality of light emitters comprises at least twenty light emitters. 19. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein said wavelength range is 400-900 nanometers. 20. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein said processor employs a Levenberg-Marquardt algorithm to determine said waveform. 21. A reverse interferometric method for determining the thickness of a layer of a material, said method comprising: providing a multi-wavelength light source, said light source including a plurality of light emitters, each light emitter being operative to emit a beam of essentially monochromatic light of a preselected wavelength, wherein the preselected wavelengths of light emitted by the members of said plurality of light emitters differ from one another so as to define a preselected wavelength range; disposing a layer of a material so that it will be illuminated by the beams of essentially monochromatic light emitted by the plurality of light emitters; energizing the members of the plurality of light emitters so as to illuminate the layer with a series of incident beams of differing wavelengths of essentially monochromatic light, whereby said incident beams are reflected from said layer so as to produce a time-variant series of reflected beams; disposing a light detector so as to sense light reflected from said layer; activating said detector so as to sense said series of reflected beams and generate a signal corresponding thereto; processing said signal so as to generate a waveform corresponding to the reflectance of light from said layer as a function of the wavelengths of light in said preselected wavelength range; and processing said waveform so as to determine the thickness of said layer. 22. A reverse interferometric apparatus for determining the thickness of a layer of a material, said apparatus comprising: a multi-wavelength light source including a plurality of light emitters, each light emitter being operative to emit a beam of essentially monochromatic light of a preselected wavelength, wherein the preselected wavelengths of light emitted by the members of said plurality of light emitters differ from one another so as to define a preselected wavelength range; a support for retaining a layer of a material so that it will be illuminated by the beams of essentially monochromatic light emitted by the plurality of light emitters; a controller for energizing the members of the plurality of light emitters so as to cause them to illuminate the layer with a series of incident beams of differing wavelengths of essentially monochromatic light, whereby said incident beams are reflected from said layers so as to produce a series of reflected beams; a light detector disposed and operative to sense light reflected from said layer, said detector being operative to sense said series of reflected beams and generate a signal corresponding thereto; a processor operative to receive said signal from said detector and generate a waveform corresponding to the reflectance of light from said layer as a function of the wavelengths of light in said preselected wavelength range, said processor being further operative to process said waveform so as to determine the thickness of said layer. 