The energy crisis that has long been accepted in the scientific community is being embraced by society along with an increasing sense of environmental responsibility. Solar will be a large part of the renewable energy revolution. Solar harnessing technology has primarily focused on solar farms or on off-grid, residential use and mostly on warm, dry climates that have high percentages of clear sky. Cooler, wetter climates have seen less research and resources dedicated to solutions and indeed have a different set of requirements than for traditional desert solar farms. This invention provides a simple tracking solar solution that combines both concentrated photovoltaic CPV and traditional photovoltaic (PV), although the solution can use only CPV or PV. The invention reduces the structural and drive demands by shielding the solar collecting mechanisms inside an enclosure and then connecting the collecting mechanisms in synchronous arrays. By shielding the collecting mechanisms from moisture and wind, the drive and support mechanisms can be very simple and inexpensive. The use of both CPV and PV increases the efficiency, particularly in cooler climates.
Claims 1. A solar collection system that eliminates most environmental forces from the one- or two-dimensional tracking mechanism. 2. The collection system specified in claim 1 that utilizes an ellipsoidal enclosure that shields an internal solar collection mechanism. 3. The collection system specified in claims 1 & 2 that uses an internal Fresnel lens to focus solar radiation onto a concentrated photovoltaic sensor. 4. The collection system specified in claims 1 & 2 that uses an internal parabolic reflector and/or a second reflector to focus solar radiation onto a concentrated photovoltaic sensor. 5. The collection system specified in claims 1 & 2 that uses a large-area photovoltaic to convert solar radiation. 6. The collection system specified in claims 1 & 2 that uses both concentrated PV for clear sky solar conversion and large-area PV for overcast solar conversion. The solar collection mechanism for this embodiment rotates to expose one of the two solar conversion technologies depending upon the intensity of the incident solar radiation. 7. An array of the collection system specified in claims 1 through 6 where each of the two axes of rotation for each element in the array are linked so that two drive mechanisms operate all of the elements synchronously. 8. An array of the collection system specified in claims 1 through 6 where each of the two axes of rotation for each element in the array are driven independently. 9. A solar collection system specified in claims 1 & 2 where the ellipsoidal enclosure provides one axis of rotation with respect to the support structure and the second axis of rotation between the enclosure and the internal solar collection mechanism. 10. The collection system specified in claims 1 & 9 that uses an internal Fresnel lens to focus solar radiation onto a concentrated photovoltaic sensor. 11. The collection system specified in claims 1 & 9 that uses an internal parabolic reflector and/or a second reflector to focus solar radiation onto a concentrated photovoltaic sensor. 12. The collection system specified in claims 1 & 9 that uses a large-area photovoltaic to convert solar radiation. 13. The collection system specified in claims 1 & 9 that uses both concentrated photovoltaic for clear sky solar conversion and large-area photovoltaic for overcast solar conversion. The solar collection mechanism for this embodiment rotates to expose one of the two solar conversion technologies depending upon the intensity of the incident solar radiation. 14. The collection system specified in claims 1 & 9 that implements a sealed enclosure that includes the drive mechanism for the internal axis of rotation. 15. The collection system specified in claims 1 & 2 that utilizes a fixed enclosure that shields an internal solar collection mechanism where both axes of rotation are internal to the enclosure. 16. The collection system specified in claims 1 & 15 that uses an internal Fresnel lens to focus solar radiation onto a concentrated photovoltaic sensor. 17. The collection system specified in claims 1 & 15 that uses an internal parabolic reflector to focus solar radiation onto a concentrated photovoltaic sensor. 18. The collection system specified in claims 1 & 15 that uses a large-area photovoltaic to convert solar radiation. 19. The collection system specified in claims 1 & 15 that uses both concentrated photovoltaic for clear sky solar conversion and large-area photovoltaic for overcast solar conversion. The solar collection mechanism for this embodiment rotates to expose one of the two solar conversion technologies depending upon the intensity of the incident solar radiation. 20. The collection system specified in claims 1 & 15 that implements a sealed enclosure that includes the drive mechanisms for both of the internal axes of rotation. 21. The collection system specified in claims 1 & 2 that utilizes an enclosure that shields an internal solar collection mechanism where both axes of rotation are between the enclosure and the mounting structure. For this embodiment, the internal solar conversion mechanisms are fixed with respect to the enclosure. 22. The collection system specified in claims 1 & 21 that uses an internal Fresnel lens to focus solar radiation onto a concentrated photovoltaic sensor. 23. The collection system specified in claims 1 & 21 that uses a Fresnel lens to focus solar radiation onto a concentrated photovoltaic sensor where the Fresnel lens is integrated into the enclosure. 24. The collection system specified in claims 1 & 21 that uses an internal parabolic reflector to focus solar radiation onto a concentrated photovoltaic sensor. 25. The embodiment specified in claims 1 & 21 that uses a large-area photovoltaic to convert solar radiation. 26. The embodiment specified in claims 1 & 21 that uses both concentrated photovoltaic for clear sky solar conversion and large-area photovoltaic for overcast solar conversion. The solar collection mechanism for this embodiment rotates to expose one of the two solar conversion technologies depending upon the intensity of the incident solar radiation. 27. The collection system specified in claims 1 & 2 that utilizes an enclosure that shields an internal solar collection mechanism where both axes of rotation are interior to the enclosure and where the enclosure contains multiple solar collection mechanisms. 28. The collection system specified in claims 1 & 28 that uses an internal Fresnel lens to focus solar radiation onto a concentrated photovoltaic sensor. 29. The collection system specified in claims 1 & 28 that uses an internal parabolic reflector to focus solar radiation onto a concentrated photovoltaic sensor. 30. The embodiment specified in claims 1 & 28 that uses a large-area photovoltaic to convert solar radiation. 31. The embodiment specified in claims 1 & 28 that uses both concentrated photovoltaic for clear sky solar conversion and large-area photovoltaic for overcast solar conversion. The solar collection mechanism for this embodiment rotates to expose one of the two solar conversion technologies depending upon the intensity of the incident solar radiation. 32. The embodiment specified in claims 9 & 15 where the enclosure can be rotated to eliminate optically opaque buildup such as snow. The device may include a wire or squeegee to clean debris, ice, or snow from the outside of the enclosure. 33. A method to reduce condensation including anti-fog coatings, forced air, partial evacuation, hermetically sealed and filled, membranes, valves, and thermal convection. 