A self-contained structure configurable as a shipping container and as a dwelling is provided. The self-contained structure configurable as a shipping container and as a dwelling includes a lower section including a platform and a floor, said lower section forming a first portion of a foundation of said dwelling; an upper section including a ceiling and connected to the lower section to define a cavity, said upper section forming a first portion of a roof of said dwelling; a plurality of wall components attached to said lower section and said upper section within said cavity to form subcavities within said cavity; a plurality of panels attachable to said lower section and said upper section to enclose said cavity when the structure is configured as the shipping container and attachable to said upper section to form a second portion of said roof of said dwelling extending from said first portion of said roof to define an approximate area of said dwelling when the structure is configured as the dwelling; and a plurality of extension walls storable within said subcavities when the structure is configured as the shipping container and configurable to enclose said approximate area of said dwelling when the structure is configured as the dwelling.
Claims 1. A self-contained structure configurable as a shipping container and as a dwelling, said structure comprising: a lower section including a platform and a floor, said lower section forming a first portion of a foundation of said dwelling; an upper section including a ceiling and connected to the lower section to define a cavity, said upper section forming a first portion of a roof of said dwelling; a plurality of wall components attached to said lower section and said upper section within said cavity to form subcavities within said cavity; a plurality of panels attachable to said lower section and said upper section to enclose said cavity when the structure is configured as the shipping container and attachable to said upper section to form a second portion of said roof of said dwelling extending from said first portion of said roof to define an approximate area of said dwelling when the structure is configured as the dwelling; and a plurality of extension walls storable within said subcavities when the structure is configured as the shipping container and configurable to enclose said approximate area of said dwelling when the structure is configured as the dwelling. 2. The self-contained structure of claim 1, wherein when configured as the shipping container the structure complies with International Organization for Standards (ISO) standards for freight containers. 3. The self-contained structure of claim 2, wherein at least one of the plurality of wall components spans at least one-half the length of the lower section forming an I-beam structure with the lower section and the upper section and is structural in nature to support loads to comply with ISO standards when the structure is configured as the shipping container and to support the roof when the structure is configured as the dwelling. 4. The self-contained structure of claim 3, further comprising four corner beams connected between the lower section and the upper section at the corners thereof and structural in nature to support loads to comply with ISO standards when the structure is configured as the shipping container and support the roof when the structure is configured as the dwelling. 5. The self-contained structure of claim 1, further comprising a reservoir cavity contained in said upper section for collecting rainwater as a water supply for said dwelling when the structure is configured as the dwelling. 6. The self-contained structure of claim 5, further comprising loose items being disposed in the subcavities and reservoir cavity when the structure is configured as the shipping container, said loose items being used to configure the structure as the dwelling. 7. The self-contained structure of claim 6, wherein the loose items including at least one of roof beams, fascia, soffits and a septic tank. 8. The self-contained structure of claim 6, wherein said subcavities comprise living space upon the removal of the loose items. 9. The self-contained structure of claim 1, further comprising appliances and other fixtures installed within said cavity. 10. The self-contained structure of claim 1, wherein when the structure is configured as the dwelling the subcavities are configured as at least one of a bathroom, a kitchen, an entry vestibule and a corridor. 11. The self-contained structure of claim 1, further comprising at least one renewable power supply for providing power for said dwelling when the structure is configured as the dwelling. 12. The self-contained structure of claim 11, wherein the at least one renewable power supply includes at least one of a solar power system and a wind power system. 13. The self-contained structure of claim 1, further including a system to harvest rainwater for use secondarily in the dwelling unit, said system comprising: a reservoir cavity having a receiver trough and located above the ceiling of the dwelling; a receiver trough located adjacent to the reservoir cavity; a roof deck collection surface on the roof of the dwelling; a water proof membrane attached to the receiver trough, and stored in the receiver trough when the structure is configured as the shipping container, to be deployed out of and onto the roof deck when the structure is configured as the dwelling, creating the rainwater collection surface, wherein the receiver trough receives rainwater runoff from the roof deck membrane, settles out suspended sediment before, and directs the rainwater to enter the reservoir cavity. 14. The self-contained structure of claim 13, wherein the system to harvest water further comprises: a cover for covering the reservoir cavity and exposable to sunlight to heat the water in the reservoir cavity; and an adjustable, insulated panel having a reflecting surface located over the cover and configurable to regulate the amount of sunlight to which the cover is exposed. 15. The self-contained structure of claim 1, further comprising: a reservoir cavity contained in said upper section for collecting rainwater as a water supply for the dwelling when the structure is configured as the dwelling; a solar power electricity system having photo-voltaic panels for supplying power to the dwelling when the structure is configured as the dwelling; and a water distribution system for pumping water collected and stored in the trough of the reservoir cavity onto said photovoltaic panels to reduce the temperature of the photovoltaic panels, wherein said water pumped onto said photovoltaic panels is recollected into the trough of the reservoir cavity. 16. The self-contained structure of claim 1, further comprising fixed items contained in said subcavities and including at least one of a refrigerator, a freezer, a microwave over, an induction cooking range, a sink, a toilet, a bathtub, a shower, cabinets, countertops, finished floors, finished walls, ceilings, an entry door, a vestibule, a corridor, an emergency exit, a laundry sink, a drip drying trough, a battery back-up power supply, a battery charger, an electric inverter, electric panels, water pumps, waste and water supply lines, light fixtures, wiring, a wire chase, a fan, a window, air ducts, a heat pump, refrigeration lines, and exit manifold to the roof, a smoke detector, and warning alarms. 17. The self-contained structure of claim 1, wherein said extension walls are prefinished panels. 18. The self-contained structure of claim 1, wherein at least one of said extension walls includes at least one of a window and a door. 19. The self-contained structure of claim 1, wherein said extension walls comprise: a lower panel having an upper end; an upper panel having a lower end; and an s-shaped member having a lower facing channel for accepting said upper end of said lower panel and an upper facing channel for accepting said lower end of said upper panel, wherein when accepted in said s-shaped member said upper panel overlaps and is more exterior to said lower panel. 20. The self-contained structure of claim 19, wherein said lower panels of extension walls are interchangeable when configuring the structure as a dwelling. 21. The self-contained structure of claim 19, wherein said s-shaped member provides flexibility in the extension walls. 22. A self-contained structure configurable as a shipping container and as a dwelling, said structure comprising: a core having at least one side exposed when the structure is configured as the dwelling; building materials affixed to or contained in the core; wherein when the structure is configured as the shipping container, said core and building materials affixed to an exterior of said core comply with International Organization for Standards (ISO) standards for freight containers, and wherein when the structure is configured as the dwelling, using said core and said building materials, said dwelling comprises an area of approximately five-times an area of the core. 23. The self-contained structure of claim 22, further comprising: a kitchen contained in said core; a bathroom contained in said core; a corridor contained in said core; and a centralized communicating space, wherein the kitchen of the core expands to one side of the core to contain living space for dining and has direct access to the kitchen, wherein the bathroom of the core expands to an opposite side of the core to contain sleeping spaces with direct access to the bathroom, wherein the corridor connects the one side of the core to the opposite side of the core, and wherein the centralized communicating space facilitates connecting elements in the core with elements exterior to the core. 24. A self-contained structure configurable as a shipping container and a dwelling, the structure comprising: a housing core, comprising: a first section including a floor and a first portion of walls; a second section connected with the first section to define at least one cavity, the second section including a ceiling and a second portion of the walls, the second section also including a reservoir; and a centralized sub core. 25. The housing core according to claim 24, wherein the first and second sections include corner and/or edge reinforcements creating a stronger unitized structure. 26. The housing core according to claim 24, further comprising a central support structure, wherein the first section, the second section and the central support structures are assembled with an I-beam configuration creating a stronger unitized structure. 27. The housing core according to claim 24, wherein the housing core complies with ISO standards for intermodal freight transport. 28. The housing core according to claim 24, wherein the structure when configured as a shipping container conforms to a standard 20-foot freight container. 29. The housing core according to claim 24, wherein the housing core includes water conservation components. 30. The housing core according to claim 24, further comprising a plurality of structural elements attached to the first section, wherein when the structure is configured as a shipping container the structural elements are deployed adjacent to the first section, and wherein when the structure is configured as a dwelling the structural elements are deployed perpendicular to the first section. 31. A method for intermodal freight transport of a structure configurable as a shipping container and a dwelling, the method comprising the steps of: providing a housing core as part of the structure, the housing core including a first section, second section and a centralized sub-core; joining the first section and the second section to define at least one cavity configured for disposal of deployment items and loose items therein; transporting the structure via intermodal freight transport; and configuring a dwelling from the structure using the housing core, the deployment items and the loose items. 32. The method for intermodal freight transport of a structure configurable as a shipping container and a dwelling according to claim 31, further comprising the step of constructing exterior walls from materials stored within the housing core to construct the dwelling. 33. The method for intermodal freight transport of a structure configurable as a shipping container and a dwelling according to claim 31, further comprising the step of consolidating deployment items in the at least one cavity, whereby the step of consolidating includes partial installation of the deployment items and expansion of the deployment items during construction of the dwelling. 34. The method for intermodal freight transport of a structure configurable as a shipping container and a dwelling according to claim 31, further comprising the steps of removing reusable skin protectors attached to an outside of the housing core when the structure is configured as the shipping container; and constructing a roof deck from the reusable skin protectors when the structure is configured as the dwelling. 35. The method for intermodal freight transport of a structure configurable as a shipping container and a dwelling according to claim 31, wherein materials used to configure the structure as a dwelling are prefabricated and supplied as the structure for assembly at a dwelling site. 36. The method for intermodal freight transport of a structure configurable as a shipping container and a dwelling according to claim 31, further comprising: attaching structural elements to the first section; deploying the structural elements adjacent to the first section when the structure is configured as a shipping container; and deploying the structural elements perpendicular to the first section when the structure is configured as a dwelling. 