An LED lamp assembly includes a pole-shaped major lamp, an auxiliary lamp fixed on a top of the major lamp and a rechargeable battery mounted in the auxiliary lamp. The auxiliary lamp includes a lamp shell, a plurality of LED components accommodated in the lamp shell and a solar panel mounted thereon. A plurality of light-outputting windows are defined in a sidewall of the lamp shell. The rechargeable battery is charged by the solar panel. The major lamp is powered by electrical power from a power plant. The LED components of the auxiliary lamp are powered by the rechargeable battery to generate light radiating outside of the lamp shell through the light-outputting windows.
Claims 1. An LED lamp assembly comprising: a pole-shaped major lamp for being powered by electrical power from a power plant; and an auxiliary lamp fixed on a top of the major lamp and comprising a lamp shell, a plurality of LED components accommodated in the lamp shell and a solar panel mounted thereon, a plurality of light-outputting windows being defined in a sidewall of the lamp shell; and a rechargeable battery having an input end electrically connected to the solar panel and an output end electrically connected to the LED components; wherein the LED components of the auxiliary lamp are powered by the rechargeable battery to generate light radiating outside of the lamp shell through the light-outputting windows, the rechargeable battery being charged by the solar panel. 2. The LED lamp assembly of claim 1, wherein the LED components are located adjacent and directed to the light-outputting windows, respectively. 3. The LED lamp assembly of claim 2, wherein the auxiliary lamp further comprises a support received in the lamp shell, the support having a retaining plate fixed on a bottom of the lamp shell and a plurality of mounting sheets extending radially and obliquely from the edge of the retaining plate, each LED component being mounted on an out side of one of the mounting sheets and facing one of the light-outputting windows. 4. The LED lamp assembly of claim 1, wherein the lamp shell comprises a bowl-shaped housing opening upwardly and a cover covering an open of the housing to enclose the support and LED components in the lamp shell, the solar panel being laid over a top of the cover. 5. The LED lamp assembly of claim 4, wherein the housing is integrally made of transparent material and coated with one of a black film and a black paint, except the light-outputting windows. 6. The LED lamp assembly of claim 1, wherein the major lamp comprises two fixing brackets in a butt joint with each other and a plurality of light emitting members mounted in the fixing brackets, each fixing bracket having a base plate overlapping the base plate of another fixing bracket and two fixing plates extending away from the coupled base plates. 7. The LED lamp assembly of claim 6, wherein the two fixing plates perpendicularly intersect each other, and wherein a point of the intersection is in a vertical alignment with a center of the base plate, two of the light emitting members being attached to opposite sides of one of the fixing plates, the light emitting members being separated from each other by the fixing plates. 8. The LED lamp assembly of claim 7, wherein a width of the each fixing bracket is decreased gradually from the base plate to an end remote from the base plate. 9. The LED lamp assembly of claim 6, wherein the major lamp further comprises a connecting base at a bottom thereof, two envelopes respectively accommodating the two fixing brackets and a connecting member coupling the two envelopes together. 10. The LED lamp assembly of claim 9, wherein each envelope has an annular engaging flange, an end plate and a covering body extending from an inner edge of the engaging flange to an outer circumference of the end plate, the two engaging flanges of the envelopes are attached to two opposite sides of the connecting member which is located around the two coupled end plates of the fixing brackets. 11. The LED lamp assembly of claim 10, wherein four protruding strips are formed on an inner surface of each envelope, extend from the engaging flange to the end plate and each define an elongated slot in an inner surface thereof, the each slot engagingly receiving a lateral portion of a corresponding fixing plate therein. 12. The LED lamp assembly of claim 11, wherein the end plate has a diameter smaller than an inner diameter of the engaging flange, the envelope tapering from the engaging flange to the end plate, the end plate of a lower one of the envelopes being fixed to a top of the connecting base to make the major lamp vertically stand on the connecting base, the auxiliary lamp being placed on the end plate of an upper one of the envelopes. 13. The LED lamp assembly of claim 1, further comprising a lamp post supporting the major lamp thereon, the lamp post comprising a cylinder defining a plurality of openings in a sidewall thereof, a plurality of light emitting members received therein to generate light radiating through the openings and a plurality of light guiding plates attached an inner surface of the cylinder and surrounding the light emitting member. 14. The LED lamp assembly of claim 13, wherein the cylinder has a plurality of holding parts protruding inwardly from the inner surface thereof, the holding parts being spaced from each other with a constant distance and extending along a length of the cylinder, each of the holding parts including two ribs extending curvedly and toward each other from the inner wall of the cylinder, the two ribs of each holding part being slantwise and at an acute angle to the inner wall of the cylinder, each light-guiding plate being clipped between two neighboring holding parts in the cylinder. 15. An LED lamp assembly comprising: a lamp post comprising a cylinder defining a plurality of openings in a sidewall thereof and a light emitting member received in the cylinder to generate light radiating outside through the openings; a pole-shaped major lamp supported on a top of the lamp post for being powered by electrical power from a power plant; and an auxiliary lamp fixed on a top of the major lamp and comprising a lamp shell, a plurality of LED components accommodated in the lamp shell and a solar panel mounted thereon, a plurality of light-outputting windows being defined in a sidewall of the lamp shell; and a rechargeable battery having an input end electrically connected to the solar panel and an output end electrically connected to the LED components; wherein the LED components of the auxiliary lamp are powered by the rechargeable battery to generate light radiating outside of the lamp shell through the light-outputting windows, the rechargeable battery being charged by the solar panel. 16. The LED lamp assembly of claim 15, wherein the LED components are located adjacent and directed to the light-outputting windows, respectively. 17. The LED lamp assembly of claim 16, wherein the auxiliary lamp further comprises a support received in the lamp shell, the support having a retaining plate fixed on a bottom of the lamp shell and a plurality of mounting sheets extending radially and obliquely from the edge of the retaining plate, each LED component being mounted on an out side of one of the mounting sheets and facing one of the light-outputting windows. 18. The LED lamp assembly of claim 17, wherein the lamp shell comprises a bowl-shaped housing opening upwardly and a cover covering an open of the housing to enclose the support and the LED components in the lamp shell, the solar panel being laid over a top of the cover. 19. The LED lamp assembly of claim 18, wherein the housing is integrally made of transparent material and coated with one of a black film and a black paint everywhere, except the light-outputting windows. 