The present invention relates to an automated electrical connection module for automatically attaching a junction box to a composite solar cell structure. The electrical connection module includes a thermode assembly having heating elements for forming a soldered connection between the junction box and the composite solar cell structure and a temperature sensing device in thermal communication with the heating elements for detecting a temperature profile during the connection process. The heating elements and temperature sensing device are linked to a controller configured to monitor and compare the energy input into the heating elements with the temperature near the tip of the heating elements throughout the connection process. The electrical connection module further provides a vision system configured to capture images of the soldered connection between the junction box and the composite solar cell structure. The vision system is linked to the controller configured to analyze and compare the captured images to those of properly formed bonds to verify whether a quality bond is achieved.
Claims 1. A solder bonding inspection method, comprising: positioning a conductive tab that is at least partially bonded to a conductive lead via solder material proximate a vision system having at least one camera, wherein a portion of the solder material extends at least partly about the periphery of the conductive tab; capturing one or more images of the conductive tab and the conductive lead; analyzing the one or more images to determine the amount of the solder material extending about the periphery of the conductive tab; and determining whether an acceptable bond is formed between the conductive tab and the conductive lead by comparing the determined amount of the solder material extending about the periphery of the electrically conductive tab to a first threshold value. 2. The solder bonding inspection method of claim 1, wherein the at least one camera is positioned to capture images at an angle substantially perpendicular to the surface of the conductive tab. 3. The solder bonding inspection method of claim 2, wherein the analyzing comprises determining the visible surface area of the solder material. 4. The solder bonding inspection method of claim 3, wherein the determining the visible surface area comprises summing pixels in the one or more images that correspond to the visible surface of the solder material. 5. The solder bonding inspection method of claim 4, wherein the analyzing further comprises measuring the continuity of the solder material extending about the periphery of the conductive tab, and wherein the determining whether an acceptable bond is formed further comprises comparing the determined continuity to a second threshold value. 6. The solder bonding inspection method of claim 5, wherein the analyzing further comprises detecting the location and orientation of the conductive tab with respect to the conductive lead, and wherein the determining whether an acceptable bond is formed further comprises comparing the detected location and orientation to a third threshold value. 7. The solder bonding inspection method of claim 6, wherein the conductive tab is coupled to a junction box and the conductive lead is coupled to a thin film solar cell device. 8. A solder bonding and inspection method, comprising: contacting a conductive tab with a heating element, wherein the conductive tab is adjacent a conductive lead, and wherein solder material is disposed between the conductive tab and the conductive lead; applying power to the heating element while monitoring the amount of power applied to the heating element; measuring the temperature of the heating element during the applying power to the heating element; capturing one or more images of the conductive tab and the conductive lead; analyzing the one or more images to determine an amount of the solder material extending about the periphery of the conductive tab; and determining whether an acceptable bond is formed between the conductive tab and the electrically conductive lead by: comparing a profile of the monitored amount of power and the measured temperature with a profile of the expected amount of power and the expected temperature; and comparing the determined amount of the solder material extending about the periphery of the conductive tab to a first threshold value. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein measuring the temperature comprises continuously measuring the temperature during the applying power to the heating element, and wherein monitoring the amount of power comprises continuously monitoring the amount of power applied to the heating element. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein the images are captured at an angle substantially perpendicular to the surface of the conductive tab. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein the analyzing the one or more images comprises determining the visible surface area of the solder material by summing pixels in the one or more images that correspond to the visible surface of the solder material. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein each of the profiles includes a heating phase comprising the amount of power required to raise the temperature of the heating element from an initial temperature to a bonding temperature. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein each of the profiles includes a bonding phase comprising the amount of power required to maintain the temperature of the heating element at the bonding temperature for a specified period of time. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the analyzing the one or more images further comprises measuring the continuity of the solder material extending about the periphery of the conductive tab, and wherein the determining whether an acceptable bond is formed further comprises comparing the determined continuity to a second threshold value. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the analyzing the one or more images further comprises detecting the location and orientation of the conductive tab with respect to the conductive lead, and wherein the determining whether an acceptable bond is formed further comprises comparing the detected location and orientation to a third threshold value. 16. A solar cell electrical connection module, comprising: a vision system configured to scan a solar cell device and locate a lead on the solar cell device; a robotic gripper having gripping elements configured to pick up, manipulate, and place a junction box onto the solar cell device such that a tab of the junction box is adjacent the lead using information received from the vision system, wherein solder material is disposed between the lead and the tab, and wherein the vision system is further configured to capture one or more images of the tab and the lead at an angle substantially perpendicular to the tab; a heating assembly comprising a heating element having a thermocouple attached thereto, wherein the heating element is configured to contact the tab; a controller configured to apply power to the heating element while monitoring the amount of power applied to the heating element, monitor temperature readings from the thermocouple while applying power, analyze the one or more images to determine an amount of the solder material extending about the periphery of the tab, and determine whether an acceptable bond is formed between the tab and the lead by: comparing the monitored amount of power and temperature readings with expected power and temperature; and comparing the determined amount of solder material extending about the periphery of the tab to a first threshold value. 17. The module of claim 16, wherein the controller is further configured to monitor the amount of power applied to the heating element and temperature readings from the thermocouple during a heating phase during which the heating element is raised from an initial temperature to a bonding temperature and compare the monitored amount of power and time for achieving the bonding temperature with expected values, and wherein the controller is further configured to monitor the amount of power applied to the heating element and temperature readings from the thermocouple during a bonding phase during which the heating element is maintained at a bonding temperature for a specified period of time and compare the monitored amount of power for maintaining the bonding temperature to an expected value. 18. The module of claim 17, wherein the controller is further configured to determine the visible surface area of the solder material from the one or more images by summing pixels in the one or more images that correspond to the visible surface of the solder material. 19. The module of claim 18, wherein the controller is further configured to measure the continuity of the solder material extending about the periphery of the tab and compare the determined continuity to a second threshold value. 20. The module of claim 19, wherein the controller is further configured to detect the location and orientation of the tab with respect to the lead and compare the detected location and orientation to a third threshold value. 