Embodiments of the present invention generally relate to a process and apparatus for monitoring and controlling the accuracy and spacing of isolation trenches scribed in a solar module during the fabrication process. In one embodiment, encoder marks, and optionally, encoder lines are scribed into a front contact layer of a solar cell device substrate. The encoder marks and lines may then be used via one or more subsequent scribe modules to control the pulsing and positioning of a laser device to provide accurate and consistent trench lines in various layers of the completed solar module.
Claims 1. An apparatus for scribing lines in one or more layers disposed on a first surface of a solar cell device substrate, comprising: a substrate handling device configured to support and move the device substrate, wherein the substrate handling device supports the device substrate in a position with the first surface facing upwardly; a laser device positioned below a second surface of the device substrate that is opposite the first surface and configured to remove a portion of at least one of the one or more layers from the device substrate; a vision system positioned below the second surface of the device substrate and configured to monitor one or more edge regions of the device substrate while the portion of at least one of the one or more layers is removed from the device substrate; and a system controller in communication with the substrate handling device, the laser device, and the vision system, wherein the system controller is configured to control removal of the portion of at least one of the one or more layers from the device substrate based on information received from the vision system regarding the one or more monitored edge regions. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the vision system comprises an illumination source positioned to illuminate the one or more edge regions and an imaging device configured to capture images of the one or more illuminated edge regions. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the illumination source is positioned to emit light at a first angle with respect to the second surface of the device substrate, and wherein the imaging device is positioned at a second angle with respect to the second surface of the device substrate. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the first and second angles are complementary. 5. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the one or more edge regions have a plurality of encoder marks scribed into at least one of the one or more layers. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the substrate handling device is configured to move the device substrate in a lateral direction with respect to the laser device and the vision system, and wherein the plurality of encoder marks are positioned substantially perpendicular to the lateral direction. 7. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the laser device and the vision system are configured to move in a lateral direction with respect to the device substrate positioned on the substrate handling device, and wherein the plurality of encoder marks are positioned substantially perpendicular to the lateral direction. 8. A method for scribing lines in one or more layers of a solar cell device substrate, comprising: causing relative motion between the device substrate and a laser device in a first direction; illuminating an edge region of the device substrate having a plurality of encoder marks scribed therein during the relative motion; capturing images of the plurality of encoder marks within the edge region during the illuminating the edge region; and adjusting a frequency or position of a plurality of pulses delivered by the laser device to the device substrate based on the captured images of the plurality of encoder marks within the edge region of the device substrate. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein the plurality of encoder marks are positioned substantially perpendicular to the first direction. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein the edge region further comprises one or more encoder lines positioned substantially perpendicular to the plurality of encoder marks. 11. The method of claim 9, wherein the illuminating the edge region comprises emitting light toward the edge region of the device substrate at a first angle with respect to a surface of the device substrate. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the emitting light is at a wavelength between about 400 nm and about 900 nm. 13. The method of claim 11, wherein the capturing images comprises positioning an imaging device at a second angle with respect to the surface of the device substrate, wherein the first and second angles are substantially complementary. 14. The method of claim 9, wherein the causing relative motion comprises moving the device substrate with respect to the laser device. 15. The method of claim 9, wherein causing relative motion comprises moving the laser device with respect to the device substrate. 16. A system for fabricating solar cell modules, comprising: a first scribing module having a first laser device and a first vision system, wherein the first laser device is configured to scribe a plurality of encoder marks on a substrate, wherein the first laser device is further configured to scribe one or more first trenches in a front contact layer disposed on the substrate, and wherein the first vision system is configured to monitor the plurality of encoder marks while the first laser device scribes the one or more first trenches; one or more cluster tools having at least one chamber configured to deposit at least one photovoltaic layer over the front contact layer; a second scribing module having a second laser device and a second vision system, wherein the second laser device is configured to scribe one or more second trenches in the at least one photovoltaic layer of the substrate, and wherein the second vision system is configured to monitor the plurality of encoder marks while the second laser device scribes the one or more second trenches; and a system controller configured to control the first laser device based on information received from the first vision system and configured to control the second laser device based on information received from the second vision system. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the first laser device is configured to scribe the one or more first trenches substantially perpendicular to the plurality of encoder marks, and wherein the second laser device is configured to scribe the one or more second trenches substantially perpendicular to the plurality of encoder marks. 18. The system of claim 17, further comprising: a deposition module configured to deposit a back contact layer over the at least one photovoltaic layer; a third scribing module having a third laser device and a third vision system, wherein the third laser device is configured to scribe one or more third trenches in the back contact layer of the substrate, and wherein the third vision system is configured to monitor the plurality of encoder marks while the third laser device scribes the one or more third trenches, and wherein the system controller is further configured to control the third laser device based on information received from the third vision system. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein the third laser device is configured to scribe the one or more third trenches substantially perpendicular to the plurality of encoder marks. 20. The system of claim 18, further comprising an edge delete module configured to remove the back contact layer, the at least one photovoltaic layer, and the front contact layer from the edge region of the substrate. 