A solar-powered lighting system includes a flexible, wrap-around, preferably self-stick panel of photovoltaic laminate applied to the outside surface of a light pole. An LED light fixture is connected preferably at or near the top of the pole and has the same or similar diameter as the pole. The LED light fixture has multiple columns and rows of LEDs and an interior axial space for air flow to cool the LEDs. The pole preferably also has vents and axial passage(s) for creating a natural updraft through at least a portion of the pole and the light fixture, for cooling of the photovoltaic panel interior surface, the LEDs, and/or other equipment inside the fixture or pole, and batteries that may be provided inside the pole or pole base. A purely or mainly decorative additional fixture, which emulates conventional outdoor light fixtures, may be provided on the lighting system, wherein the decorative additional fixture includes no, or only a minimal, light source. The lighting system has a sleek profile with few or no protrusions from the sides of the pole and from the LED light fixture, except for the optional decorative fixture that provides a conventional street light appearance even though the main light source is the LED fixture.
Claims 1. A street light comprising: a pole having a cylindrical section with an outer surface having a circumference; a flexible panel of amorphous photovoltaic material connected to said outer surface so that the flexible panel curves at least 225 degrees around the cylindrical section; a light comprising a plurality of light-emitting-diodes (LEDs), wherein the light extends from an upper region of said pole; at least one battery operatively connected to said flexible panel so that, when sunlight hits said flexible panel, resulting electrical energy charges said at least one battery; and a controller operatively connected to said at least one battery and comprising electronics adapted to control charging of said at least one battery by the flexible panel, and also to control discharging of said at least one battery to light said LEDs, wherein said controller is adapted to control minimum battery voltage of said at least one battery by dimming said LEDs during at least a portion of nighttime to prevent excess battery drain. 2. A street light as in claim 1, wherein said controller is further adapted to control discharging of said at least one battery to power components selected from the group consisting of a camera, a security system recorder, a wireless network radio, an antenna, a motion sensor, and a photocell. 3. A street light as in claim 1, wherein said controller is further adapted to monitor voltage and temperature of said at least one battery. 4. A street light as in claim 1, further comprising a connection to a utility power grid, and wherein said controller is adapted to provide, by means of an inverter, electricity produced by said flexible panel of amorphous photovoltaic material to said power grid during peak-electricity-usage daylight hours. 5. A street light as in claim 1, further comprising a connection to a utility power grid, and wherein said controller is adapted to provide electricity from said at least one battery to said power grid during peak-electricity-usage daylight hours. 6. A street light as in claim 4, further comprising measurement systems adapted to measure and record energy contribution to the grid. 7. A street light as in claim 5, further comprising measurement systems adapted to measure and record energy contribution to the grid. 8. A street light as in claim 1, wherein said flexible panel of amorphous photovoltaic material produces power from sunlight to charge said at least one battery from morning through evening, wherein power production is higher in the morning and evening, when sunlight hits the pole generally perpendicularly to said flexible panel, relative to lower power production at noon, when sunlight hits the flexible panel at an acute angle to said flexible panel. 9. A street light as in claim 4, wherein said flexible panel of amorphous photovoltaic material produces power from sunlight to charge said at least one battery from morning through evening, wherein power production is higher in the morning and evening, when sunlight hits the pole generally perpendicularly to said flexible panel, relative to lower power production at noon, when sunlight hits the flexible panel at an acute angle to said flexible panel. 10. A street light as in claim 5, wherein said flexible panel of amorphous photovoltaic material produces power from sunlight to charge said at least one battery from morning through evening, wherein power production is higher in the morning and evening, when sunlight hits the pole generally perpendicularly to said flexible panel, relative to lower power production at noon, when sunlight hits the flexible panel at an acute angle to said flexible panel. 11. A street light as in claim 1, wherein said controller limits maximum voltage to which said at least one battery is charged. 12. A street light as in claim 1, further comprising a motion sensor operatively connected to said controller to turn on the light and a timeclock operatively connected to said controller to turn off the light. 13. A street light as in claim 1, further comprising a photocell operatively connected to said controller to turn on the light and a timeclock operatively connected to said controller to turn off the light. 14. A street light as in claim 1, further comprising wireless communication between said street light and other street lights. 15. A street light as in claim 1, further comprising wireless communication between the street light and a central control station comprising control of performance of said street light, said wireless communication being selected from a group consisting of cell-phone, radio, and satellite communication. 16. A street light as in claim 14, further comprising wireless communication between said street light and a central control station comprising control of performance of said street light and said other street lights, said wireless communication being selected from a group consisting of cell-phone, radio, and satellite communication. 17. A street light as in claim 1, further comprising wireless communication between the street light and a central control station comprising monitoring said street light, said communication being selected from a group consisting of cell-phone, radio, and satellite communication. 18. A street light as in claim 14, further comprising wireless communication between said street light and a central control station comprising monitoring said street light and said other street lights, said wireless communication being selected from a group consisting of cell-phone, radio, and satellite communication. 19. A street light as in claim 1, further comprising insulation on multiple sides of said at least one battery. 20. A method of operating a solar-powered street light, the method comprising: providing a pole having a cylindrical region with an outer surface having a circumference; connecting a flexible panel of photovoltaic material to said outer surface so that the flexible panel curves at least 225 degrees around the cylindrical section; mounting a light on the pole; and providing at least one battery operative connected to said flexible panel; the method further comprising: charging said at least one battery by said flexible panel producing electrical energy when sunlight hits said flexible panel; and controlling said charging of said at least one battery by the flexible panel, and also controlling discharging of said at least one battery to light said light, said controlling of discharging comprises controlling minimum battery voltage by dimming said light during at least a portion of nighttime to prevent excess battery drain. 21. A method as in claim 20, wherein said controlling of discharging further comprises powering components selected from the group consisting of a camera, a security system recorder, a wireless network radio, an antenna, a motion sensor, and a photocell. 22. A method as in claim 20, further comprising monitoring voltage and temperature of said at least one battery. 23. A method as in claim 20, further comprising connecting said flexible panel to a utility power grid and providing electricity by means of an inverter to said power grid during daylight hours. 24. A method as in claim 20, further comprising providing a connection between said at least one battery and a utility power grid and providing electricity from said at least one battery to said power grid during peak-electricity-usage daylight hours. 25. A method as in claim 23, further comprising measuring and recording energy contribution to the grid by said flexible panel. 26. A method as in claim 24, further comprising measuring and recording energy contribution to the grid by said at least one battery. 27. A method as in claim 20, wherein said flexible panel of amorphous photovoltaic material produces power from sunlight, to charge said at least one battery, from morning through evening and wherein said flexible panel produces more power in the morning and evening, when sunlight hits the pole generally perpendicularly to said flexible panel, relative to lower power production at noon, when sunlight hits said flexible panel at an acute angle to said flexible panel. 28. A method as in claim 23, wherein said flexible panel of amorphous photovoltaic material produces power from sunlight, to charge said at least one battery, from morning through evening, and wherein said flexible panel produces more power in the morning and evening, when sunlight hits the pole generally perpendicularly to said flexible panel, relative to lower power production at noon, when sunlight hits the flexible panel at an acute angle to said flexible panel. 29. A method as in claim 24, wherein said flexible panel of amorphous photovoltaic material produces power from sunlight, to charge said at least one battery, from morning through evening, and wherein said flexible panel produces more power in the morning and evening, when sunlight hits the pole generally perpendicularly to said flexible panel, relative to lower power production at noon, when sunlight hits the flexible panel at an acute angle to said flexible panel. 30. A method as in claim 20, wherein said controlling of charging of said at least one battery by the flexible panel comprises limiting maximum voltage to which said at least battery is charged. 31. A method as in claim 20, further comprising turning on the light in response to a motion sensor and turning off the light by using a timeclock. 32. A method as in claim 20, further comprising wireless communication between said street light and other street lights. 33. A method as in claim 20, further comprising wireless communication between said street light and a central control station comprising control of performance of said street light, said wireless communication being selected from the group consisting of cell-phone, radio, and satellite communication. 34. A method as in claim 32, further comprising wireless communication between said street light and a central control station comprising control of perfoimance of said street light and said other street lights, said wireless communication being selected from the group consisting of cell-phone, radio, and satellite communication. 35. A method as in claim 20, further comprising wireless communication between the street light and a central control station comprising monitoring said street light, said communication being selected from a group consisting of cell-phone, radio, and satellite communication. 36. A method as in claim 32, further comprising wireless communication between said street light and a central control station comprising monitoring said street light and said other street lights, said wireless communication being selected from a group consisting of cell-phone, radio, and satellite communication. 37. A method as in claim 20, further comprising providing insulation on multiple sides of said at least one battery. 