Provided are novel flexible photovoltaic assemblies and installation techniques. The assemblies include multiple flexible photovoltaic (PV) modules that are electrically connected and individually sealed. The modules may be sealed using a flexible material that provides protection from the environment and/or mechanical support to the cells and modules. These assemblies can be bent and even rolled. Each PV module is individually sealed with a cut-off area is provided between two consecutive modules for separating the modules. The design allows separating any number of modules from a roll without compromising any module. The modules are electrically interconnected with each other while in the roll. As such, when a set of modules is separated from a roll, all modules in a set are electrically interconnected as well as having an integral mechanical structure. The assemblies allow easy cut-to-fit installation on rooftops or other points of installation.
Claims 1. A roll for fabricating a photovoltaic (PV) array, the roll comprising: a flexible continuous backside sheet; a transparent flexible continuous frontside sheet; a row of PV modules extending along a length of the roll and comprising at least two PV modules disposed between the backside sheet and the frontside sheet, wherein each PV module is individually sealed; a cut-off area located between the two PV modules, the cut-off area allowing separation of the two PV modules while maintaining the individual seals of each PV module; and a module connector electrically interconnecting the two PV modules, wherein the module connector passes through the cut-off area. 2. The roll of claim 1, wherein the row comprises at least ten individually sealed and electrically interconnected PV modules, and wherein any number of the PV modules can be separated from the row without losing an individual seal of any of the PV modules. 3. The roll of claim 1, further comprising a second row of PV modules, wherein the backside sheet and the frontside sheet provide individual seals to each PV module in the second row, and wherein cut-off areas are located between the row and the second row. 4. The roll of claim 1, wherein the module connector interconnects the two PV modules in parallel. 5. The roll of claim 1, wherein the module connector is configured to limit an electrical current passing through the module connector. 6. The roll of claim 1, wherein the module connector is configured to prevent electrical shorts when the two PV modules are separated by cutting. 7. The roll of claim 6, wherein the module connector comprises two bus wires that are spaced apart by at least about 2 inches while passing through the cut-off area. 8. The roll of claim 1, wherein the cut-off area is at least about 2 inches wide. 9. The roll of claim 1, wherein the cut-off area comprises scores partially cut through the frontside sheet and the backside sheet. 10. The roll of claim 1, wherein the cut-off area is spaced apart from each of the two PV modules by at least 0.5 inches. 11. The roll of claim 1, further comprising a sealant disposed between the frontside sheet and the backside sheet around the entire perimeter of the PV modules at least in an area between the PV modules and the cut-off area. 12. The roll of claim 1, wherein the cut-off area is identified on the frontside sheet with two line markings extending across the row. 13. The roll of claim 1, wherein the transparent flexible continuous frontside sheet comprises one or more materials selected from the group consisting of polyethylene terephthalate (PET), polyethylene naphthalate (PEN), and a transparent metal oxide. 14. The roll of claim 13, wherein the transparent flexible continuous frontside sheet has a thickness of between about 3 mils and 30 mils. 15. The roll of claim 1, wherein the flexible continuous backside sheet comprises an aluminum sheet. 16. The roll of claim 15, wherein the aluminum sheet is offset from the cut-off area. 17. The roll of claim 15, wherein the flexible continuous backside sheet has a thickness of between about 5 mils and 80 mils. 18. The roll of claim 1, wherein each PV module is configured to provide electrical power output at a voltage of between about 10V and 30V at typical operating conditions. 19. The roll of claim 1, wherein the backside sheet is at least 12 inches wide. 20. The roll of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of mounting features. 21. The roll of claim 20, wherein each PV module has at least four mounting features located at each corner of the PV module. 22. The roll of claim 1, further comprising bypass diodes, inverters, and/or DC/DC converters. 23. A method of fabricating a roll comprising a row of multiple flexible photovoltaic (PV) modules, the method comprising: providing a first flexible continuous sheet; positioning at least two PV modules onto the first sheet; installing a module connector to establish electrical connection between the two PV modules; placing a second flexible continuous sheet over the first sheet and the two PV modules; and establishing a seal between the first sheet and the second sheet around each of the two PV modules to individually insulate each PV module. 24. The method of claim 23, further comprising dispensing a sealant material onto the first sheet around a perimeter of each of the two PV cells prior to placing the second sheet. 25. The method of claim 23, wherein establishing the seal comprises laminating an assembly comprising the first sheet, the two PV panels, and the second sheet by applying heat and pressure to the assembly. 26. The method of claim 23, wherein positioning the two PV modules comprises arranging and electrically interconnecting individual PV cells in the two PV modules on the first sheet. 27. A method of installing a photovoltaic (PV) array using a roll, the method comprising: (a) providing the roll; (b) identifying a number of PV modules in a first set; (c) identifying a cut-off area on the roll separated by the number of PV modules in the first set from a free end of the roll; (d) separating the first set of PV modules from the roll; and (e) installing the first set of PV modules into the PV array. 28. The method of claim 27, further comprising repeating (b)-(d) for additional sets to complete the PV array and electrically interconnecting at least two sets with an array connector. 29. The method of claim 28, wherein the array connector is configured to electrically connect to a portion of a module connector remaining on an end module of the first set of PV modules after separating of the first set of PV modules. 30. The method of claim 29, wherein the array connector is configured to electrically insulate the portion of the module connector. 31. The method of claim 27, further comprising electrically insulating at least a portion of a cut-off area an end module of the first set of PV modules. 