A method for sorting nanoobjects from the mixture comprising nanoobjects such as semiconducting and metallic carbon nanotubes and an apparatus fabricated thereby. An embodiment comprises an energy transfer to the mixture in a way that the degree in which nanoonobjects are heated and bonded to the surface of a substance depends on their electrical conductivities. The next embodiment comprises an electrolytic deposition of a material on the mixture in a way that the degree in which nanoanobjects are bonded to the surface of the substance by the deposited layer depends on their electrical conductivities. The above nanoobjects are sorted by selectively separating mostly the weaker bonded nanoobjects from the surface. Another embodiment comprises an energy transfer in a low pressure reactive gas medium to the mixture in a way that the degree in which nanoonobjects are heated and chemically modified depends on their conductivities.
Claims 1. A method for sorting nanoobjects (objects with at least one spatial size in the range from 0.05 nm to 500 nm), comprising the steps of: a) providing contact between an initial mixture that comprises the nanoobjects with different electrical conductivities and a surface of a substance selected from the group consisting of: a solid, a liquid, a soft matter, and any combinations thereof; b) providing an energy transfer to the said mixture with an amount of heat per unit of time obtained by the nanoonobjects dependent on their electrical conductivities, and keeping at least some part of the contacting substance for at least some nonzero period of time during the energy transfer at a temperature (T) such that at least one condition is fulfilled from the group of conditions consisting of: (1) the absolute difference between T and a melting transition temperature (T.sub.m) of a part of the contacting substance, is less than a maximal absolute difference between temperatures of any parts of the nanoobjects (.DELTA.T) at the surface during the energy transfer (|T.sub.m-T|<.DELTA.T), (2) the absolute difference between T and an evaporation transition temperature (T.sub.e) of a part of the contacting substance, is less than .DELTA.T (|T.sub.e-T|<.DELTA.T), (3) the absolute difference between T and an activation temperature of a chemical reaction that involves a part of the contacting substance (T.sub.es), is less than .DELTA.T (|T.sub.es-T|<.DELTA.T), (4) the absolute difference between T and an activation temperature of a chemical reaction that involves the nanoobjects (T.sub.en), is less than .DELTA.T (|T.sub.en-T|<.DELTA.T); and at least some of the nanoonobjects after the start of the energy transfer are bonded to the contacting surface with an average strength of this bonding dependent on the nanoobjects electrical conductivities; c) selectively separating mostly the weaker bonded and non-bonded nanoobjects from the surface; and d) obtaining at least one product that comprises the nanoobjects with an average electrical conductivity that is different from the average electrical conductivity of the nanoobjects in the initial mixture. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the mixture comprises at least one semiconducting carbon nanotube. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein at least some part of the substance for at least some nonzero time period during the energy transfer at least once changes its phase from one phase from the group consisting of: a solid phase, a liquid phase, and a vapor phase, to another phase from the same group. 4. The method of claim 2, wherein at least some part of the substance during the energy transfer at least one time changes its phase from one phase from the group consisting of: a solid phase, a liquid phase, and a vapor phase, to another phase from the same group, and at least some part of the substance for at least some nonzero period of time during the energy transfer is kept at a temperature such that the difference between this temperature and at least one temperature selected from the group consisting of: a melting transition temperature of a part of the substance, and an evaporation transition temperature of a part of the substance, is not more than a maximal difference between temperatures of any parts of the carbon nanotubes during energy transfer. 5. The method of claim 2, wherein at least some part of the substance during the energy transfer at least once changes its phase from one phase from the group consisting of: a solid phase, and a liquid phase to another phase from the same group. 6. The method of claim 2, wherein the surface of the substance comprises an organic material. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the energy transfer at least includes an electromagnetic radiation in the frequency range from 100 MHz to 400 THz. 8. The method of claim 2, wherein the energy transfer at least includes transferring energy in a form selected from the group consisting of: a microwave electromagnetic radiation, and a far infrared electromagnetic radiation. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the energy transfer at least includes transferring energy by a narrow bandwidth electromagnetic radiation with a photon energy at the edge of resonance electron transitions in the nanoobjects in the frequency range from 100 MHz to 400 THz. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the energy transfer at least includes transferring energy from an electrical source by an electrical current selected from the group consisting of: a direct current that provides heat, an alternating current that provides heat, and any combinations thereof. 11. An apparatus, selected from the group consisting of: i) a field effect transistor, a bipolar transistor, a solar cell, a laser, a light emitting diode, a photodiode, an electron source, a device for transforming and radiating electromagnetic fields, an electrical source, a capacitor, a device for surface studies, a computer related device, a device for hydrogen storage, a monitor, a flexible electronic device, a flexible optoelectronic device, an electrical connector, and a thermal connector, comprising any nanoobjects from the product obtained by the method of claim 1; and ii) a device for sorting nanoobjects, comprising a) a substance selected from the group consisting of: a solid, a liquid, a soft matter, and any combinations thereof; b) a component providing contact between the surface of the said substance and an initial mixture that comprises nanoobjects with different electrical conductivities; c) a component providing an energy transfer to the said mixture with an amount of heat per unit of time obtained by the nanoonobjects dependent on their electrical conductivities; d) a component keeping at least some part of the contacting substance for at least some nonzero period of time during the energy transfer at a temperature (T) such that at least one condition is fulfilled from the group of conditions consisting of: (1) the absolute difference between T and a melting transition temperature (T.sub.m) of a part of the contacting substance, is less than a maximal absolute difference between temperatures of any parts of the nanoobjects (.DELTA.T) at the surface during the energy transfer (|T.sub.m-T|<.DELTA.T), (2) the absolute difference between T and an evaporation transition temperature (T.sub.e) of a part of the contacting substance, is less than .DELTA.T (|T.sub.e-T|<.DELTA.T), (3) the absolute difference between T and an activation temperature of a chemical reaction that involves a part of the contacting substance (T.sub.es), is less than .DELTA.T (|T.sub.es-T|<.DELTA.T), (4) the absolute difference between T and an activation temperature of a chemical reaction that involves the nanoobjects (T.sub.en), is less than .DELTA.T (|T.sub.en-T|<.DELTA.T); e) a component which provides that at least some of the nanoonobjects are bonded after the start of the energy transfer to the contacting surface with an average strength of this bonding dependent on the nanoobjects electrical conductivities; f) a component providing a selective separation of mostly the weaker bonded and non-bonded nanoobjects from the said surface; and g) a component obtaining at least one product that comprises the nanoobjects with an average electrical conductivity that is different from the average electrical conductivity of the nanoobjects in the initial mixture. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the mixture comprises at least one semiconducting carbon nanotube. 13. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein i) the method further comprises the step during which at least some part of the substance during the energy transfer at least once changes its phase from one phase from the group consisting of: a solid phase, a liquid phase, and a vapor phase to another phase from the same group; and ii) the device for sorting nanoobjects further comprises: a component which provides that at least some part of the substance during the energy transfer at least once changes its phase from one phase from the group consisting of: a solid phase, a liquid phase, and a vapor phase to another phase from the same group. 14. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein i) the method further comprises the step during which at least some part of the substance during the energy transfer at least one time changes its phase from one phase from the group consisting of: a solid phase, a liquid phase, and a vapor phase, to another phase from the same group, and at least some part of the substance for at least some nonzero period of time during the energy transfer is kept at a temperature such that the difference between this temperature and at least one temperature selected from the group consisting of: a melting transition temperature of a part of the substance, and an evaporation transition temperature of a part of the substance, is less than a maximal difference between temperatures of any parts of the carbon nanotubes during energy transfer; and ii) the device for sorting nanoobjects further comprises: a component which provides that at least some part of the substance during the energy transfer at least one time changes its phase from one phase from the group consisting of: a solid phase, a liquid phase, and a vapor phase, to another phase from the same group, and at least some part of the substance for at least some (nonzero) period of time during the energy transfer is kept at a temperature such that the difference between this temperature and at least one temperature selected from the group consisting of: a melting transition temperature of a part of the substance, and an evaporation transition temperature of a part of the substance, is less than a maximal difference between temperatures of any parts of the carbon nanotubes during energy transfer. 15. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein i) the method further comprises the step during which at least some part of the substance during the energy transfer at least once changes its phase from one phase from the group consisting of: a solid phase and a liquid phase, to another phase from the same group; and ii) the device for sorting nanoobjects further comprises: a component which provides that at least some part of the substance during the energy transfer at least once changes its phase from one phase from the group consisting of: a solid phase and a liquid phase, to another phase from the same group. 16. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the surface of the substance comprises an organic material. 17. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein i) the method further comprises the energy transfer that at least includes an electromagnetic radiation in the frequency range from 100 MHz to 400 THz; and ii) the device for sorting nanoobjects further comprises: a component providing the energy transfer that at least includes an electromagnetic radiation in the frequency range from 100 MHz to 400 THz. 18. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein i) the method further comprises the energy transfer that at least includes transferring energy in a form selected from the group consisting of: a microwave electromagnetic radiation and a far infrared electromagnetic radiation; and ii) the device for sorting nanoobjects further comprises: a component providing the energy transfer that at least includes transferring energy in a form selected from the group consisting of: a microwave electromagnetic radiation, and a far infrared electromagnetic radiation. 19. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein i) the method further comprises the energy transfer that at least includes transferring energy by a narrow bandwidth electromagnetic radiation with a photon energy at the edge of resonance electron transitions in the nanoobjects in the frequency range from 100 MHz to 400 THz; ii) the device for sorting nanoobjects further comprises: a component providing the energy transfer that at least includes transferring energy by a narrow bandwidth electromagnetic radiation with a photon energy at the edge of resonance electron transitions in the nanoobjects in the frequency range from 100 MHz to 400 THz. 20. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein i) the method further comprises the energy transfer that at least includes transferring energy from an electrical source by an electrical current selected from the group consisting of: a direct current that provides heat, an alternating current that provides heat, and any combinations thereof; ii) the device for sorting nanoobjects further comprises: a component providing the energy transfer that at least includes transferring energy from an electrical source by an electrical current selected from the group consisting of: a direct current that provides heat, an alternating current that provides heat, and any combinations thereof. 21. A method for increasing the portion of semiconducting nanoobjects in a mixture that comprises nanoobjects (objects with at least one spatial size in the range from 0.05 nm to 500 nm) with different electrical conductivities, comprising the steps of: a) providing placement of an initial mixture that comprises the nanoobjects with different electrical conductivities into a gas medium under pressure that is significantly lower than the normal atmospheric pressure (the pressure is less than 50 kPa); b) providing an energy transfer to the said mixture with an amount of heat per unit of time obtained by the nanoobjects dependent on their electrical conductivities at least before some of the nanoonobjects are modified into a form from the group consisting of: a gas, a liquid, a semiconductor, an insulator, and any combinations thereof; and c) obtaining at least one product that comprises the nanoobjects with a portion of the semiconducting nanoobjects that is significantly bigger than the portion of the semiconducting nanoobjects in the initial mixture. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein the mixture comprises at least one semiconducting carbon nanotube. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein the gas medium comprises at least one gas from the group consisting of: an oxygen gas (O.sub.2), an ozone gas (O.sub.3), a fluorine gas (F.sub.2), an oxidizing agent gas, and any combinations thereof, with a partial pressure that is at least by 10% higher than the partial pressure of this gas in air. 24. The method of claim 22, wherein at least some part of the gas medium for at least some (nonzero) period of time during the energy transfer is kept at a temperature such that the absolute difference between this temperature and an activation temperature of a chemical reaction that involves the nanoobjects and the gas medium is less than a maximal absolute difference between temperatures of any parts of the nanoobjects after the start of the energy transfer. 25. The method of claim 22, wherein the energy transfer at least includes an electromagnetic radiation in the frequency range from 100 MHz to 400 THz. 26. The method of claim 21, wherein the energy transfer at least includes transferring energy by a narrow bandwidth electromagnetic radiation with a photon energy at the edge of resonance electron transitions in the nanoobjects in the frequency range from 100 MHz to 400 THz. 27. The method of claim 22, wherein the energy transfer at least includes transferring energy from an electrical source by an electrical current selected from the group consisting of: a direct current that provides heat, an alternating current that provides heat, and any combinations thereof. 28. An apparatus, selected from the group consisting of: i) a field effect transistor, a bipolar transistor, a solar cell, a laser, a light emitting diode, a photodiode, an electron source, a device for transforming and radiating electromagnetic fields, an electrical source, a capacitor, a device for surface studies, a computer related device, a device for hydrogen storage, a monitor, a flexible electronic device, a flexible optoelectronic device, an electrical connector, and a thermal connector, comprising any nanoobjects from the product obtained by the method of claim 21; and ii) a device for sorting nanoobjects, comprising a) a component providing placement of an initial mixture that comprises the nanoobjects with different electrical conductivities into a gas medium under pressure that is significantly lower than the normal atmospheric pressure (the pressure is less than 50 kPa); b) a component providing an energy transfer to the said mixture with an amount of heat per unit of time obtained by the nanoobjects dependent on their electrical conductivities at least before some of the nanoonobjects are modified into a form from the group consisting of: a gas, a liquid, a semiconductor, an insulator, and any combinations thereof; c) a component obtaining at least one product that comprises the nanoobjects with a portion of the semiconducting nanoobjects that is significantly bigger than the portion of the semiconducting nanoobjects in the initial mixture. 29. The apparatus of claim 28, wherein the mixture comprises at least one semiconducting carbon nanotube. 30. The apparatus of claim 29, wherein the gas medium comprises at least one gas from the group consisting of: an oxygen gas (O.sub.2), an ozone gas (O.sub.3), a fluorine gas (F.sub.2), an oxidizing agent gas, and any combinations thereof, with a partial pressure that is at least by 10% higher than the partial pressure of this gas in air. 31. The apparatus of claim 29, wherein i) the method further comprises the step during which at least some part of the gas medium for at least some (nonzero) period of time during the energy transfer is kept at a temperature such that the difference between this temperature and an activation temperature of a chemical reaction that involves the nanoobjects and the gas medium is less than a maximal difference between temperatures of any parts of the nanoobjects during energy transfer; ii) the device for sorting nanoobjects, further comprises: a component which provides that at least some part of the gas medium for at least some (nonzero) period of time during the energy transfer is kept at a temperature such that the difference between this temperature and an activation temperature of a chemical reaction that involves the nanoobjects and the gas medium is less than a maximal difference between temperatures of any parts of the nanoobjects during energy transfer. 32. The apparatus of claim 29, wherein i) the method further comprises the energy transfer that at least includes an electromagnetic radiation in the frequency range from 100 MHz to 400 THz; ii) the device for sorting nanoobjects further comprises: a component providing the energy transfer that at least includes an electromagnetic radiation in the frequency range from 100 MHz to 400 THz. 33. The apparatus of claim 28, wherein i) the method further comprises the energy transfer that at least includes transferring energy by a narrow bandwidth electromagnetic radiation with a photon energy at the edge of resonance electron transitions in the nanoobjects in the frequency range from 100 MHz to 400 THz; ii) the device for sorting nanoobjects further comprises: a component providing the energy transfer that at least includes transferring energy by a narrow bandwidth electromagnetic radiation with a photon energy at the edge of resonance electron transitions in the nanoobjects in the frequency range from 100 MHz to 400 THz. 34. The apparatus of claim 29, wherein i) the method further comprises the energy transfer that at least includes transferring energy from an electrical source by an electrical current selected from the group consisting of: a direct current that provides heat, an alternating current that provides heat, and any combinations thereof; ii) the device for sorting nanoobjects further comprises: a component providing the energy transfer that at least includes transferring energy from an electrical source by an electrical current selected from the group consisting of: a direct current that provides heat, an alternating current that provides heat, and any combinations thereof. 35. A method for sorting nanoobjects (objects with at least one spatial size in the range from 0.05 nm to 500 nm), comprising the steps of: a) providing a contact between an initial mixture that comprises the nanoobjects with different electrical conductivities and an electrical conducting surface of a substance selected from the group consisting of: a solid, a liquid, a soft matter, and any combinations thereof; b) providing a deposition of a material in an electrolyte while driving an electrical current through the said contact at least during some (nonzero) period of time during this deposition with a thickness of the material layer deposited per unit of time on the nanoonobjects dependent on their electrical conductivities at least before some of the nanoonobjects are bonded to the surface with an average strength of this bonding dependent on the nanoobjects electrical conductivities; c) selectively separating mostly the weaker bonded and non-bonded nanoobjects from the surface; and d) obtaining at least one product that comprises the nanoobjects with an average electrical conductivity that is different from the average electrical conductivity of the nanoobjects in the initial mixture. 36. The method of claim 35, wherein the mixture comprises at least one semiconducting carbon nanotube. 37. The method of claim 36, further comprising the step of: providing the fixed contact by at least one of the means selected from the group consisting of: a mechanical force, a gravitational force, and an inertial force. 38. The method of claim 36, wherein the deposition of the material comprises an electroplating deposition providing an electrical potential difference in the electrolyte between at least some (nonzero) part of the mixture and at least one other electrode in the electrolyte. 39. An apparatus, comprising at least one device from the group consisting of: i) a field effect transistor, a bipolar transistor, a solar cell, a laser, a light emitting diode, a photodiode, an electron source, a device for transforming and radiating electromagnetic fields, an electrical source, a capacitor, a device for surface studies, a computer related device, a device for hydrogen storage, a monitor, a flexible electronic device, a flexible optoelectronic device, an electrical connector, and a thermal connector, comprising any nanoobjects from the product obtained by the method of claim 35; and ii) a device for sorting nanoobjects, comprising a) a component providing a contact between an initial mixture that comprises the nanoobjects with different electrical conductivities and an electrical conducting surface of a substance selected from the group consisting of: a solid, a liquid, a soft matter, and any combinations thereof; b) a component providing a deposition of a material in an electrolyte while driving an electrical current through the said contact at least during some (nonzero) period of time during this deposition with a thickness of the material layer deposited per unit of time on the nanoonobjects dependent on their electrical conductivities at least before some of the nanoonobjects are bonded to the surface with an average strength of this bonding dependent on the nanoobjects electrical conductivities; c) a component selectively separating mostly the weaker bonded and non-bonded nanoobjects from the surface; and d) a component obtaining at least one product that comprises the nanoobjects with an average electrical conductivity that is different from the average electrical conductivity of the nanoobjects in the initial mixture. 40. The apparatus of claim 39, wherein the mixture comprises at least one semiconducting carbon nanotube. 41. The apparatus of claim 40, wherein i) the method further comprises the step of: providing the fixed contact by at least one of the means selected from the group consisting of: a mechanical force, a gravitational force, and an inertial force; ii) the device for sorting nanoobjects further comprises: a component providing the fixed contact by at least one of the means selected from the group consisting of: a mechanical force, a gravitational force, and an inertial force. 42. The apparatus of claim 40, wherein the deposition of the material comprises an electroplating deposition with providing an electrical potential difference in the electrolyte between at least some (nonzero) part of the mixture and at least one other electrode in the electrolyte. 