This disclosure includes systems and methods for managing the interaction between inverter-based DC and other power systems. In one embodiment, a 3-phase isolation transformer is fluxed to create a 3-phase rotating field from the output of a source inverter. An inductive filter turns that output into three sine waves. A secondary inverter regenerates the system, sometimes after the isolation transformer is fluxed, and by advancing or retarding the secondary inverter's phase, current (and, thus, the DC voltage and power direction) is controlled. In another embodiment, an inverter is supplied by a DC source. The inverter is controlled to match its output voltage, current, and phase to a live AC grid, then the two are connected. The inverter frequency is then driven to advance the phase of the inverter in relation to the grid. Alternatively, the inverter voltage is then driven at a level greater than that of the grid.
Claims 1. A method of converting DC power in a fashion capable of bi-directional power flow, comprising controlling inverter-based power for a DC-to-DC conversion system to: flux the primary of a three-phase isolation transformer to create a three-phase rotating field from a source inverter supplied by DC, where the source inverter has an output; turn the source inverter output into three sinusoidal waves using an inductive filter; and regenerate using a secondary inverter and, by advancing and retarding the phase of the sine waves, controlling output current of the source inverter using the secondary inverter. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the regenerating occurs after the inductive filter is at frequency. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the inductive filter is an LCL filter. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the inductive filter is a 1:1 isolation transformer. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the inductive filter is a transformer. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the regenerating is controlled by a synchronizer that: when the inductive filter is at frequency, matches the secondary inverter voltage to the source inverter voltage; matches the secondary inverter frequency to the source inverter frequency; matches the secondary inverter phase to the source inverter phase; clamps the current limit of the secondary inverter, electrically connects the secondary inverter output to the source inverter output, and scales the current commanded of the secondary inverter to the command requested by a site controller; and by advancing or retarding the phase of the secondary inverter, controls the current to or from the source inverter. 7. An apparatus for converting DC power in a fashion capable of bi-directional power flow with isolation, comprising: a source inverter taking a DC input and producing a three-phase sinusoidal output; a three-phase isolation transformer connected to receive the sinusoidal output of the source inverter and produce a three-phase rotating field; and a three-phase bus inverter that electrically connects the three-phase rotating field from the isolation transformer to a DC load. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the three-phase bus inverter is electrically connected to the DC load through a DC bus. 9. The apparatus of claim 7, further comprising a DC power source that provides the DC input to the source inverter. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the DC power source is a photovoltaic power source. 11. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the DC power source is a battery. 12. An apparatus for connecting a DC power source to a DC load, comprising: a source inverter that converts between DC power from a DC power source and a first three-phase sinusoidal signal; an inductive filter that converts between the first three-phase sinusoidal signal and produces a second three-phase sinusoidal signal; a secondary inverter that converts between the second three-phase sinusoidal signal and DC; and a synchronizer that conditions and senses voltage, frequency, and phase of the first three-phase sinusoidal signal, and provides input to the secondary inverter that enables the secondary inverter to synchronize. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the synchronizer is external to the source inverter and the secondary inverter. 14. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the three-phase sinusoidal signal operates at a frequency between 100 Hz and 400 Hz. 15. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the three-phase sinusoidal signal operates at a frequency greater than 400 Hz. 16. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the inductive filter is an LCL filter. 17. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the inductive filter is a 1:1 isolation transformer. 18. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the inductive filter is a transformer. 