An energy storage system and a method of controlling the same is provided. The energy storage system may directly provide generated DC power or DC power stored in a battery to a DC load without performing a DC/AC conversion or an AC/DC conversion. Furthermore, in the case where a grid operates abnormally (e.g. power interruption) and the energy storage system functions as an uninterruptible power supply (UPS), power stored in a battery may be selectively provided to loads according to power remaining in a battery, and thus stored power may be used stably.
Claims 1. An energy storage system, comprising: a maximum power point tracking (MPPT) converter, which converts power generated by a renewable energy generating system and outputs the converted power to a first node; a bi-directional inverter, which is interposed between the first node and a second node, to which a grid and an AC load are connected, converts a first DC power input via the first node to AC power and outputs the converted AC power to the second node, and converts AC power provided by the grid to the first DC power and outputs the converted first DC power to the first node; a battery for storing a second DC power; a bi-directional converter, which is interconnected between the battery and the first node, converts the second DC power output by the battery to the first DC power and outputs the converted first DC power to the bi-directional inverter via the first node, and converts the first DC power output by the bi-directional inverter via the first node to the second DC power and stores the converted second DC power in the battery; a DC/DC converter, which is interconnected between the bi-directional converter and a DC load and provides DC power to the DC load; and an integrated controller, which controls the overall operations of the MPPT converter, the bi-directional inverter, the bi-directional converter, and the DC/DC converter. 2. The energy storage system of claim 1, wherein the integrated controller is configured to provide the first DC power or the second DC power stored in the battery to the DC load. 3. The energy storage system of claim 1, wherein if a power interruption signal is received, the integrated controller is configured to selectively provide the second DC power to the DC load. 4. The energy storage system of claim 1, further comprising: a first switch interconnected between the bi-directional inverter and the AC load; and a second switch interconnected between the second load and the grid. 5. The energy storage system of claim 4, wherein the integrated controller turns off the second switch when the power interruption signal is received. 6. The energy storage system of claim 1, further comprising: at least two DC/DC converters, which are for respectively converting DC power to be provided to at least two DC loads, are interconnected between the bi-directional converter and the at least two DC loads, the integrated controller controls each of the at least two DC/DC converters based on an amount of the second DC power stored in the battery and a priority order of the at least two DC loads. 7. The energy storage system of claim 1, wherein the integrated controller further comprises: a monitoring unit for monitoring an amount of the second DC power stored in the battery; an user setup unit for setting up a priority order of the DC loads; a microcomputer for determining the amount of the second DC power stored in the battery and the priority order of the DC loads; and a control signal generating unit for generating control signals for selectively providing the second DC power stored in the battery to the DC loads under the control of the microcomputer. 8. The energy storage system of claim 7, further comprising: a battery management system (BMS) for managing charging/discharging the second DC power stored in the battery under the control of the integrated controller, wherein the integrated controller further comprises a BMS controlling unit for controlling the BMS. 9. The energy storage system of claim 1, further comprising: a DC linking unit for maintaining the voltage level of a DC voltage of the first node to a DC linking level. 10. The energy storage system of claim 1, wherein the renewable energy generating system is a photovoltaic. 11. An energy storage system, comprising: a first power converting unit, which converts power generated by a renewable energy generating system to a first power; a second power converting unit, which converts the first power to a second power and stores the second power in a battery and converts the second power stored in the battery to the first power; a third power converting unit, which converts the first power and outputs the converted first power to a first load or a commercial load and converts power provided by the commercial load to the first power; a fourth power converting unit, which is interconnected between the second power converting unit and a second load and converts the first power or the second power to power for driving the second load; and an integrated controller for controlling the first through fourth power converting units. 12. The energy storage system of claim 11, wherein if a power interruption signal is received, the integrated controller is configured to selectively provide power to the second load based on an amount of the second power stored in the battery and a priority order of the second load. 13. The energy storage system of claim 11, wherein the first load is an AC load, and the second load is a DC load. 14. The energy storage system of claim 13, further comprising: a plurality of the fourth power converting unit are arranged based on a magnitude of power required to drive the DC load. 15. A method of controlling an energy storage system, which is connected to each of a renewable energy generating system, an AC load or a DC load, and a grid and comprises a maximum power point tracking (MPPT) converter, which converts power generated by a renewable energy generating system and outputs the converted power to a first node; a battery for storing power generated by the renewable energy generating system or power provided by the grid; a bi-directional inverter, which converts power of the first node, outputs the converted power to the AC load or the grid, and converts power provided by the grid and outputs the converted power to the first node; a bi-directional converter, which converts power of the first node, stores the converted power in the battery, and converts power stored in the battery and outputs the converted power to the first node; a DC/DC converter, which is interconnected between the bi-directional converter and a DC load and provides DC power to the DC load; and an integrated controller, the method comprising: converting the generated power or AC power provided by the grid to a first DC power; converting the first DC power or power stored in the battery to a second DC power for driving the DC load; and providing the second DC power to the DC load. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising: receiving a power interruption signal from the grid; and converting power stored in the battery to the second DC power corresponding to the DC load. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising: determining an amount of power stored in the battery; and determining a priority order of the DC load, wherein the second DC power is selectively provided to the DC load based on the amount of power stored in the battery and the priority order of the DC load. 18. The method of claim 16, further comprising: turning off a switch connected to the grid when the power interruption signal is received. 19. The method of claim 15, wherein the renewable energy generating system is a photovoltaic. 20. The method of claim 15, further comprising: stabilizing a voltage level of the first node to a DC linking level. 