The present invention relates to a method for supplying at least one load with electrical power. The at least one load is in this case supplied with power from an electrical DC voltage source and/or an electrical AC voltage source. According to the invention, a method is provided for supplying electrical power, in particular for supplying electrical power in parallel with a power supply system on a low-voltage power supply system to at least one load, which method is carried out in an electrical installation which has at least an electrical DC voltage source, an inverter, in particular a bidirectional inverter, a measurement apparatus, in particular a power meter which measures an electrical power of the at least one load, an electrical AC voltage source and a control element, wherein the control element has at least one evaluation unit which analyzes measurement data from the at least one measurement apparatus to determine whether the load power is greater than the power available from the DC voltage source, and wherein, when this condition is satisfied, the control element makes an electrically conductive connection (line connection), in particular by means of a switch, between at least the AC voltage source and the at least one load.
Claims 1. A method for supplying at least one load with electrical power, which method is carried out in an electrical installation which has at least: an electrical DC voltage source, an inverter, in particular a bidirectional inverter, a measurement apparatus, in particular a power meter, which measures an electrical power of the at least one load, an electrical AC voltage source and a control element, wherein the control element has at least one evaluation unit which analyzes measurement data from the at least one measurement apparatus to determine whether the load power is greater than the power available from the DC voltage source, and wherein, when this condition is satisfied, the control element makes an electrically conductive connection (line connection), in particular by means of a switch, between at least the AC voltage source and the at least one load. 2. The method for supplying at least one load as claimed in claim 1, wherein the control unit switchably makes an electrically conductive line connection between at least one of the voltage sources and at least one of the loads, such that the at least one load is fed from the electrical DC voltage source via the inverter when this connection is predetermined, in particular by data, preferably by at least one power consumption parameter, and/or when the load power is less than or equal to the power available from the DC voltage source, or is fed at least partially from the electrical DC voltage source via the inverter when the load power is greater than the power available from the DC voltage source, and/or is fed from the electrical AC voltage source when this connection is predetermined, in particular by data, preferably by at least one power consumption parameter. 3. The method as claimed in one of the preceding claims, wherein the supply to the at least one load is a supply in parallel with a power supply system, in particular on a low-voltage power supply system. 4. The method as claimed in one of the preceding claims, wherein the electrical installation has a measurement apparatus, in particular a power meter, in particular for measuring an electrical power of the at least one load. 5. The method as claimed in one of the preceding claims, wherein the electrical installation has a transformer and/or a step-up controller (step-up converter). 6. The method as claimed in one of the preceding claims, wherein data is transmitted from the measurement apparatus, in particular via a data line or wirelessly, to a receiver. 7. The method as claimed in one of the preceding claims, wherein the control unit receives data, in particular data from the measurement apparatus, preferably relating to at least one power consumption parameter, which data presets at least one of the voltage sources. 8. The method as claimed in one of the preceding claims, wherein the control element makes the switchable, electrically conductive line connection between the DC voltage source and the at least one load when the received data presets a power consumption from the DC voltage source. 9. The method as claimed in one of the preceding claims, wherein the control element bidirectionally controls an electrical power feed into the DC voltage source and/or into the AC voltage source. 10. The method as claimed in one of the preceding claims, wherein the electrical DC voltage source has an energy store. 11. The method as claimed in one of the preceding claims, wherein the energy store has a rechargeable battery, in particular a lithium-ion rechargeable battery, particularly preferably a lithium-titanate rechargeable battery, preferably a lithium-iron-phosphate rechargeable battery, and/or in particular a rechargeable battery containing lead and/or nickel. 12. The method as claimed in one of the preceding claims, wherein the energy store has a capacitor. 13. The method as claimed in one of the preceding claims, wherein the energy store can store an amount of energy, in particular electrical energy, which in particular is substantially greater than or equal to the amount which corresponds to a daily energy consumption of the at least one load. 14. The method as claimed in one of the preceding claims, wherein the energy store is less than the daily energy consumption of the at least one load. 15. The method as claimed in one of the preceding claims, characterized in that power is transmitted to the at least one load substantially or exclusively from the energy store, in particular from the rechargeable battery. 16. The method as claimed in one of the preceding claims, wherein the energy store can be charged from an AC voltage source, in particular a household-internal AC voltage source, in particular from a unit-type district-heating power station and/or a photovoltaic installation and/or a wind energy installation. 17. The method as claimed in one of the preceding claims, wherein the unit-type district-heating power station, in particular a household internal unit-type district heating power station, has a disk-type generator which generates an AC voltage output, in particular a high-frequency AC voltage, which is preferably .gtoreq.50 Hertz. 18. The method as claimed in one of the preceding claims, wherein the at least one second inverter, in particular a bidirectional inverter, is connected between the disk-type generator of the unit-type district-heating power station and the DC voltage source. 19. The method as claimed in one of the preceding claims, wherein at least one inverter converts direct current which can be used to charge the energy store. 20. The method as claimed in one of the preceding claims, wherein the direct current from the DC voltage source is converted by the inverter to an AC voltage, preferably to an AC voltage of 400 V and/or 230 V, in particular at a frequency of .gtoreq.50 Hz. 21. The method as claimed in one of the preceding claims, wherein the energy store is charged from the AC voltage source at predeterminable times, in particular during the night time, and/or during operating times of the unit-type district-heating power station and/or of the photovoltaic installation and/or of the wind energy installation. 22. An apparatus for the method as claimed in one of the preceding claims, in particular as standby power supply. 