A novel means for placing conductive metal traces on ceramic without adhesives, glues or any organic materials. Metal traces created by thermal spraying metal on to a prepared ceramic surface. The ceramic surface is prepared by creating recesses where the metal is to remain as circuit traces. Following thermal spray, the excess metal is removed from the surface leaving the metal electrically conductive traces in the ceramic recesses. This process improves metal to ceramic bond, reducing failures caused from thermal expansion differences between ceramic and metal traces and eliminates all organic adhesives.
Claims 1. A method for creating circuit board conductive elements (traces, pads, via, solder points, mounting holes, etc) comprising the steps of: using thermal spray, plasma spray or high velocity impact of conductive metal particles on to nonconductive ceramic. 2. A method according to claim 1, wherein the removal of excess material resulting from thermal spray, plasma spray or high velocity impact of conductive material is removed by chemical or machining processes. 3. A method according for creating conductive circuit elements comprising the steps of: using recesses in the nonconductive base material prior to applying a metal coating; and then removing the metal coating at the surface. 4. A method according to claim 3, wherein the recesses are created by pressure molding unfired ceramic. 5. A method according to claim 3, where the recesses or holes are created using supersonic milling. 6. A method according to claim 3, where the recesses or holes are created using mechanical milling processes. 7. A method according to claim 3, where additional passes of thermal spray or applied molten metal are used to increase trace depth or add additional types of metal conductors. 8. A method for creating recesses for conductive circuit elements in silicon carbide ceramic comprising the steps of: first creating a carbon (C) base material with imposed recesses for conductive circuit elements; and then using exposure to high-temperature silicon gas to transform the carbon base board to silicon carbide (SiC). 9. A method according to claim 8, wherein a mold or press is used to create the circuit element recesses in the carbon material. 10. A method according to claim 8, wherein the recesses are created by pressure molding the carbon base material. 11. A method according to claim 8, where the recesses or holes are created using supersonic milling of the silicon carbide. 12. A method according to claim 8, where the recesses or holes are created using mechanical milling processes in the carbon base material. 13. A method according to claim 3, where the circuit board and semiconductor devices are mounted on to pipes containing hot solar heated fluids to allow for the transfer of self generating heat of the semiconductor devices to the solar heated fluid. 14. A method according to claim 3, where the circuit board and semiconductor generated heat is used to generate power in a solar-thermal power plant. 