An ice buildup inhibitor is disclosed useful for preventing ice damming, in particular in conjunction with the use of a closed gutter. Heat escape through a roof made warm snow pack, causing it to melt and flow down toward the gutter. After moving away from the heated roof, the water may re-freeze and form an ice dam. In the ice buildup inhibitor may be configured to warm in the closed gutter, thereby preventing the formation of an ice dam. They ice buildup inhibitor may be configured to be easily installed onto an existing closed gutter, enabling responsive installation on only those homes experiencing ice damming.
Claims 1. An ice buildup inhibitor for use with a roof gutter, the gutter having a generally-vertical forward guard, the forward guard having an upper edge and an outer surface, the ice buildup inhibitor comprising: a support substrate providing a structural foundation and configured to engage the forward guard of the gutter; and an electrical heat strip configured to receive power from a power supply; wherein the heat strip is configured to lay longitudinally against the forward guard of the gutter. 2. The ice buildup inhibitor of claim 1 further comprising a manual controller for the power supply whereby the ice buildup inhibitor can be manually turned on or off. 3. The ice buildup inhibitor of claim 2 wherein the heat strip is a self-regulating heat strip configured to draw less power during warmer ambient conditions. 4. The ice buildup inhibitor of claim 1 wherein the heat strip is a self-regulating heat strip configured to draw less power during warmer ambient conditions. 5. The ice buildup inhibitor of claim 1 further comprising an automated control module configured to control the supply of electrical power to the heat strip. 6. The ice buildup inhibitor of claim 5 wherein the automated control module controls power to the heat strip based on a combination of moisture and temperature conditions. 7. The ice buildup inhibitor of claim 1 wherein the power supply comprises a solar panel. 8. The ice buildup inhibitor of claim 7 further comprising a batter and a power inverter for providing alternating current. 9. The ice buildup inhibitor of claim 1 wherein the support substrate further comprises a heat strip holder configured to receive and at least partially enclose the heat strip. 10. The ice buildup inhibitor of claim 1 wherein the gutter is a closed gutter. 11. The ice buildup inhibitor of claim 1 further comprising a mounting hook rigidly attached to the support substrate and configured to engage an upper lip of the forward guard of the gutter. 12. The ice buildup inhibitor of claim 1 wherein the heat strip is a self-regulating heat strip, wherein the support substrate includes a heat strip holder for receiving and partially enclosing the heat strip, and wherein the support substrate further includes a mounting hook configured to engage an upper edge of the forward guard of the gutter. 13. The ice buildup inhibitor of claim 12 further comprising a manual controller for providing power to the heat strip. 14. The ice buildup inhibitor of claim 12 further comprising an automated control module for controlling supply of power to the heat strip. 15. The ice buildup inhibitor of claim 1 wherein the support substrate includes a mounting hook configured to removably engage an upper edge of the forward guard of the gutter. 16. The ice buildup inhibitor of claim 1 wherein the gutter is painted a first color, and wherein the ice buildup inhibitor is painted to substantially match the first color. 17. A method of preventing ice damming along an roof gutter, the method comprising the steps of: attaching an ice buildup inhibitor to a forward guard of the roof gutter, the ice buildup inhibitor including a support substrate and a heating strip; and providing power to the heat strip. 18. The method of claim 17 wherein providing power to the heat strip comprises plugging the heat strip into an alternating current power supply. 19. The method of claim 17 wherein providing power to the heat strip comprises providing solar power to the heat strip via a battery and inverter arrangement. 20. The method of claim 17 wherein providing power to the heat strip comprises providing an automated control module for controlling power based on ambient conditions. 21. An ice buildup inhibitor system comprising: an aluminum closed gutter installed on the eave of a roof and constructed of seamless 0.032-inch thick 3105 H24 aluminum alloy, painted a first color, the gutter comprising: a water flow conduit for high-flow water conduction; a forward guard comprising an upper lip; and a top guard; an ice buildup inhibitor constructed of seamless 0.032-inch thick 3105 H24 aluminum alloy, the ice buildup inhibitor comprising: a support substrate providing mechanical support; a mounting hook affixed to the support substrate and configured to removably engage the upper lip of the forward guard; a self-regulating heat strip; and a heat strip holder affixed to the support substrate and configured to receive and at least partially enclose the heat strip; and a power supply line electrically connected to the heat strip; a control system electrically connected to the power supply line and provided to selectively provide power to the supply line, the control system selected from the group consisting of a manual controller, and automated control module, and a continuous automated control module; and a power supply electrically connected to the control system and configured to make available power to the control system, the power supply selected from the group consisting of alternating current commercial power and battery-stored solar power. 