A solar monitor measures electrical characteristics of a designated solar device within an array of solar devices that are coupled in series. The solar monitor includes a charge storage element and a charger coupled to the charge storage element to establish a positive voltage and/or a negative voltage on the charge storage element. A switch within the solar monitor is coupled in a shunt configuration with the designated solar device and with a subsequent device in the array. The switch selectively couples the charge storage element to the designated solar device to vary an operating current that flows between the designated solar device and the subsequent solar device. The solar monitor includes a current detector to measure the current of the designated solar device, and a voltage detector to measure the voltage of the designated solar device.
Claims 1. A solar monitor, comprising: a switch having a first contact coupled to a first port of a designated solar device within an array of operating solar devices that are coupled in series, wherein the switch is in a shunt configuration with the designated solar device and a subsequent solar device in the array of operating solar devices that are coupled in series, the switch varying an operating current flowing between the designated solar device and the subsequent solar device; a charge storage element having a first terminal coupled to a second contact of the switch and having a second terminal coupled to a second port of the designated solar device; a charger coupled to the first terminal of the charge storage element; a voltage detector coupled to a node located between the first terminal of the charge storage element and the first port of the designated solar device; and a current detector configured to measure a current at the first port of the designated solar device. 2. The solar monitor of claim 1 wherein the switch is coupled to the first port of the designated solar device through a fuse. 3. The solar monitor of claim 1 wherein the charger establishes a voltage on the charge storage device when the switch is open. 4. The solar monitor of claim 1 wherein the switch is open while the charger provides a negative charge to the first terminal of the charge storage element, wherein the switch is closed while the voltage detector measures a voltage at the node and while the current detector measures the current at the first port of the designated solar device, and wherein varying the operating current flowing between the designated solar device and the subsequent solar device includes decreasing the operating current in response to the negative charge when the switch is closed. 5. The solar monitor of claim 1 wherein the switch is open while the charger provides a positive charge to the first terminal of the charge storage element, wherein the switch is closed while the voltage detector measures a voltage at the node and while the current detector measures the current at the first port of the designated solar device, and wherein varying the operating current flowing between the designated solar device and the subsequent solar device includes increasing the operating current in response to the positive charge when the switch is closed. 6. The solar monitor of claim 4 wherein the switch is open while the charger provides a positive charge to the first terminal of the charge storage element, wherein the switch is closed while the voltage detector measures a voltage at the node and while the current detector measures the current at the first port of the designated solar device, and wherein varying the operating current flowing between the designated solar device and the subsequent solar device includes increasing the operating current in response to the positive charge when the switch is closed. 7. The solar monitor of claim 5 wherein the positive charge establishes a corresponding positive voltage on the charge storage element that exceeds an open circuit voltage of the designated solar device. 8. The solar monitor of claim 1 wherein the current detector includes a resistive element interposed between the first port of the designated solar device and the subsequent solar device, a first voltage detector coupled to a first terminal of the resistive element, and a second voltage detector coupled to a second terminal of the resistive element. 9. The solar monitor of claim 8 wherein the resistive element is established by a designated length of a conductor that couples to the first port of the designated solar device. 10. The solar monitor of claim 1 wherein the current detector is in a shunt configuration with the first port of the designated solar device and the subsequent solar device in the array of operating solar devices that are coupled in series. 11. The solar monitor of claim 1 wherein the current detector is in a series configuration with the first port of the designated solar device and the subsequent solar device in the array of operating solar devices that are coupled in series. 12. A solar monitor, comprising: a charge storage element; a charger coupled to the charge storage element to establish at least one of a positive voltage and a negative voltage on the charge storage element; a switch adapted to couple in a shunt configuration between a designated solar device and a subsequent solar device in an array of operating solar devices that are coupled in series, the switch adapted to selectively couple the charge storage element to the designated solar device and to vary an operating current flowing between the designated solar device and the subsequent solar device in response to the at least one of the positive voltage and the negative voltage; a voltage detector adapted to measure a voltage of the designated solar device; and a current detector adapted to measure a current of the designated solar device. 13. The solar monitor of claim 12 wherein the switch is included in a multiplexer that provides for selective coupling of the charge storage element to a corresponding one or more solar devices in the array of solar devices that are coupled in series. 14. The solar monitor of claim 12 wherein the current detector is in a shunt configuration with the designated solar device and the subsequent solar device in the array of operating solar devices that are coupled in series. 15. The solar monitor of claim 12 wherein the current detector is in a series configuration with the designated solar device and the subsequent solar device in the array of operating solar devices that are coupled in series. 16. The solar monitor of claim 12 wherein the switch is adapted to selectively couple the charge storage element to the designated solar device through a fuse. 17. A solar monitoring method, comprising: coupling at least one of a positively charged and a negatively charged charge storage element in a shunt configuration with a designated solar device and a subsequent solar device in an array of solar devices that are coupled in series, to vary an operating current flowing between the designated solar device and the subsequent solar device; and measuring a current and a voltage of the designated solar device over a corresponding time interval in response to the at least one of the positively charged and the negatively charged charge storage element. 18. The solar monitoring method of claim 17 wherein coupling the negatively charged charge storage element includes establishing a high impedance between the charge storage element and the designated solar device, providing a negative charge to the charge storage element, and establishing a low impedance between the charge storage element and the designated solar device, wherein to vary the operating current flowing between the designated solar device and the subsequent solar device includes decreasing the operating current in response to the negative charge, and wherein coupling the positively charged charge storage element includes establishing a high impedance between the charge storage element and the designated solar device, providing a positive charge to the charge storage element, and establishing a low impedance between the charge storage element and the designated solar device and wherein to vary the operating current flowing between the designated solar device and the subsequent solar device includes increasing the operating current in response to the positive charge. 19. The solar monitoring method of claim 17 wherein measuring the current and the voltage of the designated solar device over a corresponding time interval in response to the at least one of the positively charged and the negatively charged charge storage element includes acquiring a set of corresponding measurements of the current and the voltage of the solar device to establish an electrical characteristic for the solar device. 20. The solar monitoring method of claim 19 wherein the electrical characteristic includes an I-V characteristic for the designated solar device. 