An apparatus, system, and method are disclosed for a photovoltaic module, the photovoltaic module comprising a plurality of photovoltaic cells, a controllable infrared protection layer, and a protection switching means. The controllable infrared protection layer is for reducing the infrared radiation absorbed by the photovoltaic module, where the controllable infrared protection layer has a first state and a second state. When the infrared protection layer is in the first state the transmission of infrared radiation to the photovoltaic cells is higher than when the infrared protection layer is in the second state. The protection switching means is for switching the controllable infrared protection layer between the first state and the second state.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic module comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic cells; a controllable infrared protection layer for reducing the infrared radiation absorbed by the photovoltaic module, wherein the controllable infrared protection layer has a first state and a second state, wherein when the infrared protection layer is in the first state the transmission of infrared radiation to the photovoltaic cells is higher than when the infrared protection layer is in the second state; and a protection switching means for switching the controllable infrared protection layer between the first state and the second state. 2. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the controllable infrared protection layer comprises a protective infrared foil, in the second state the protective foil covers the plurality of photovoltaic cells, in the first state the protective foil does not cover the photovoltaic cells. 3. The photovoltaic module of claim 2, wherein the protection switching means comprises a rolling mechanism adapted for moving the protective foils between the first state and the second state. 4. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic module has a front side and a back side, the photovoltaic module producing electricity when the front side is illuminated, the photovoltaic module further comprising: a glass substrate which protects the front side of the photovoltaic module; and a polymer layer with reflective liquid crystals, the polymer layer comprising a top electrode and a bottom electrode, wherein one of the top electrode and the bottom electrode is adjacent to the glass substrate, wherein the controllable infrared protection means is in the first state when the top electrode and the bottom electrode are at the same potential and the controllable infrared protection means is in the second state when a voltage is applied across the top electrode and the bottom electrode. 5. The photovoltaic module of claim 4, wherein the protection switching means comprises a voltage supply adapted for applying a switching voltage to the top electrode and the bottom electrode. 6. The photovoltaic module of claim 4, wherein the polymer layer with reflective liquid crystals comprises cholesteric liquid crystals. 7. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the controllable infrared protection layer comprises an ultraviolet reflector. 8. The photovoltaic module of claim 7, wherein the ultraviolet reflector comprises one or more of acetone (AcAc) chelated silane, 3-glycidoxypropyl-trimethoxysilane (GPTMS) modified nano-titania sol, methacrylate functionalized silane, and nanoscaled boehmite particles. 9. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic module further comprise a temperature sensor, the temperature sensor measuring a module temperature representative of the temperature of the plurality of photovoltaic cells, and wherein the protection switching means is adapted for switching the controllable infrared protection layer from the first state to the second state when the module temperature exceeds a predetermined temperature threshold. 10. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the protection switching means comprises a thermal expansion element, wherein the temperature of the thermal expansion element switches the controllable infrared protection layer between the first state and the second state. 11. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein when the infrared protection layer is in the first state the transmission of visible light to the plurality of photovoltaic cells is higher than when the infrared protection layer is in the second state. 12. A photovoltaic module system, the photovoltaic module system comprising: a photovoltaic module comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic cells; a controllable infrared protection layer for reducing the infrared radiation absorbed by the photovoltaic module, wherein the controllable infrared protection layer has a first state and a second state, wherein when the infrared protection layer is in the first state the transmission of infrared radiation to the photovoltaic cells is higher than when the infrared protection layer is in the second state; and a protection switching means for switching the controllable infrared protection layer between the first state and the second state; a temperature sensor for measuring a photovoltaic module temperature representative of the temperature of the plurality of photovoltaic cells; and a control system adapted for: receiving the photovoltaic module temperature measurement; signaling the protection switching means when the photovoltaic module temperature measurement exceeds a predetermined threshold; and switching the controllable infrared protection layer from the first state to the second state in response to receiving a signal indicating that the photovoltaic module temperature measurement exceeds a predetermined threshold. 13. The photovoltaic module system of claim 12, wherein the photovoltaic module further comprises a power meter adapted for measuring the production of electricity by the photovoltaic module, and wherein the control system is adapted for calculating a maintenance schedule based on the measurement of the production of electricity. 14. The photovoltaic module system of claim 13, wherein the photovoltaic module system further comprises an infrared absorber, the infrared absorber adapted for moving between a stored position and a deployed position, wherein the infrared absorber is adapted for heating the photovoltaic module using absorbed infrared radiation when in the deployed position, and wherein the control system is adapted for signaling the infrared absorber to move between the stored position and the deployed position based upon the maintenance schedule. 15. A computer program product for execution by a control system for controlling a photovoltaic module system, the photovoltaic module system comprising a photovoltaic module comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic cells; a controllable infrared protection layer for reducing the infrared radiation absorbed by the photovoltaic module, wherein the controllable infrared protection layer has a first state and a second state, wherein when the infrared protection layer is in the first state the transmission of infrared radiation to the photovoltaic cells is higher than when the infrared protection layer is in the second state; and a protection switching means for switching the controllable infrared protection layer between the first state and the second state; and a temperature sensor for measuring a photovoltaic module temperature representative of the temperature of the plurality of photovoltaic cells, the computer program product comprising machine executable instructions for performing the steps of: monitoring the photovoltaic module temperature; determining if the photovoltaic module temperature measurement exceeds a predetermined threshold; and signaling the protection switching means when the photovoltaic module temperature measurement exceeds a predetermined temperature threshold. 16. The computer program product of claim 15, wherein the computer program product further comprises machine executable instructions for performing the steps of: monitoring the production of electricity by the photovoltaic module; and calculating a maintenance schedule based on the measurement of the production of electricity; 17. The computer program product of claim 16, wherein the computer program product further comprises machine executable instruction for performing the step of signaling the infrared absorber to move between the stored position and the deployed position based upon the maintenance schedule. 18. A method for operating a photovoltaic module system, wherein the method comprising: monitoring temperature of a photovoltaic module, the photovoltaic module comprising a plurality of photovoltaic cells; a controllable infrared protection layer for reducing the infrared radiation absorbed by the photovoltaic module, wherein the controllable infrared protection layer has a first state and a second state, wherein when the infrared protection layer is in the first state the transmission of infrared radiation to the photovoltaic cells is higher than when the infrared protection layer is in the second state; and a protection switching means for switching the controllable infrared protection layer between the first state and the second state; determining if the photovoltaic module temperature measurement exceeds a predetermined temperature threshold; and signaling the protection switching means when the photovoltaic module temperature measurement exceeds the predetermined temperature threshold. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the controllable infrared protection layer comprises a glass substrate which protects a front side of the photovoltaic module, and a polymer layer with reflective liquid crystals, the polymer layer comprising a top electrode and a bottom electrode, wherein one of the top electrode and the bottom electrode is adjacent to the glass substrate, wherein the controllable infrared protection means is in the first state when the top electrode and the bottom electrode are at the same potential and the controllable infrared protection means is in the second state when a voltage is applied across the top electrode and the bottom electrode, wherein signaling the protection switching comprises applying a voltage between the top electrode and the bottom electrode. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein the controllable infrared protection layer comprises a protective infrared foil, in the second state the protective foil covers the plurality of photovoltaic cells, in the first state the protective foil does not cover the photovoltaic cells, wherein signaling the protection switching comprises covering the photovoltaic module with the protective infrared foil. 