This invention relates to the remote monitoring of the floating roofs of large storage tanks, including tanks used for storing liquid petroleum products or other chemicals. The invention is used to monitor the position and flexure of the roof and other conditions such as vibration; the presence of vapours or liquids from water, hydrocarbons, or other chemicals; the presence of snow; or the presence of intruders. The invention can be connected to a monitoring system using wired or wireless means and can be used for routine status monitoring or for notifying plant operators in the event of alarm conditions. The invention can be completely self-contained and is suitable for encapsulation and use in harsh environments.
Claims 1. A system for monitoring the state of a floating storage tank roof and its local environment where said system requires no external wiring, comprising: a wireless communication device for communicating with other such systems or for communicating with a unidirectional communications relay device; a tilt sensor to measure the local inclination of the tank roof; a liquid sensor to measure the level of liquid accumulation on the tank roof; and a microcontroller that is connected to said wireless communication device and that monitors the status of said sensors. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising a Global Positioning System or differential Global Positioning System receiver that is used to determine the location of said system. 3. The system of claim 1, further comprising a vapor sensor such as a hydrocarbon vapor sensor that is used to detect vapors that may have been released from the storage tank. 4. The system of claim 1, further comprising a temperature sensor that is used measuring the ambient temperature. 5. The system of claim 1, further comprising a proximity sensor that is used to detect intruders such as birds or vandals. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein said liquid sensor uses ultrasonic time-of-flight information and the system computes both the depth and acoustic velocity for any liquid that is present. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the wireless communication system is bidirectional. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein system power is provided using solar cells that are physically attached to the system. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein system power is provided using batteries contained within system. 10. The system of claim 1, further comprising a magnetic means for attaching the system to the tank roof. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein the system is encapsulated to protect it from its external environment. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein the liquid sensor is protected from immersion by placing the liquid sensor within a physical channel within the system. 12. The system of claim 1, further comprising a fan or pump to circulate ambient vapors across the vapor sensor. 16. The system of claim 1, wherein the system periodically sends information using said communications relay device. 17. The system of claim 1, wherein the system sends information using said communications relay device whenever an alarm condition has been detected by the system and wherein said alarm condition comprises the detection of any of: excessive inclination; excessive liquid accumulation; excessive accumulation of the contained liquid; extreme temperature; or intrusion. 18. A system comprising one or more of systems of the type described in claim 1, each hereinafter referred to as a Sensor Unit, and one or more communications relay devices, that relay information to or from a supervisory or control system, each hereinafter referred to as a Communication Unit. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein the Sensor Units are wirelessly interconnected using a mesh networking topology to improve communications reliability. 20. The system of claim 18, wherein a polling protocol is used by the Communication Units to request information from the Sensor Units. 