Solar energy may be harvested utilizing arrays of solar collectors, supported and articulated to follow movement of the sun. Particular systems include arrays of solar collectors mounted on an elevation-azimuth tracking structure. From the ground up, embodiments of this system may include a Ground Interface, a Base, an Upper Truss, and a Collector. The system is designed to transmit loads with minimal deflection from the surface of the collector to the ground, while tracking the position of the sun across the sky. The use of structural, actuator, and collector elements with a minimum amount of low-cost materials, and which are able to be mass produced, allows large scale deployment of the system at reduced cost.
Claims 1. An apparatus comprising: a solar energy collector supported by a base frame; a first ground interface of the base frame stationary relative to the ground, the base frame in pivotal communication with the first ground interface through a linkage; a second ground interface of the base frame in direct moveable contact with the ground; and an azimuth drive system configured to pivot the base frame about the first ground interface, the linkage providing a degree of freedom accommodating movement of the base frame over uneven ground out of a ground plane. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the first ground interface comprises a ground anchor, a stake, an auger, a screw, a pad, a ballast, or an anti-skid contact. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the linkage comprises a ball joint. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the linkage comprises a ball joint, a flexible coupling, a multi-link coupling, a universal joint, or a coupling with two substantially orthogonal pivot axes. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the second ground interface is driven by the azimuth drive system. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the second ground interface comprises a wheel. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the second ground interface comprises a wheel, a leg, a roller, a track, a passively rolling belt, a vibratory pad, or a skid. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a third ground interface in direct moveable contact with the ground. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein the second and third ground interfaces each comprise a wheel. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the ground is unprepared. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: a support structure in contact with the solar collector and with the base frame, an elevation actuator in mechanical communication with the base frame and with the support structure, the elevation actuator configured to change an elevation angle of the solar collector relative to the base frame. 12. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein the support structure is rotatable about an axis relative to the base frame. 13. The apparatus of claim 12 comprising a curved elevation rack in communication with the support structure and with the elevation actuator. 14. The apparatus of claim 12 comprising a linear actuator in communication with the support structure and with the base frame. 15. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the solar energy collector comprises an inflatable concentrator defining an inflation space. 16. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein the solar energy collector further comprises a receiver disposed inside the inflation space. 17. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein the solar energy collector further comprises a receiver disposed outside the inflation space. 18. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein the inflatable solar concentrator comprises: a boundary; an optically reflective element attached to and spanning the boundary; an optically transparent element attached to and spanning the boundary, the optically reflective element and the optically transparent element defining a volume containing an inflation pressure of a pressurized gas; and a receiver positioned to receive concentrated light from the optically reflective element. 19. The apparatus of claim 18 further comprising a cartridge holder. 20. The apparatus of claim 18 further comprising a primary structural element positioned substantially along a diameter of the inflated concentrator. 21. The apparatus of claim 18 where the primary structural element comprises one or more diametrical members spanning diameters of the boundary. 22. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein the inflatable solar concentrator comprises: a bottom boundary and a top boundary separated by a distance; a side material spanning the distance between the top and bottom boundaries; an optically reflective element attached to and spanning the bottom boundary; an optically transparent element attached to and spanning the top boundary, the side material, the optically reflective element, and the optically transparent element defining a volume containing an inflation pressure of a pressurized gas; and a receiver positioned within the closed volume and configured to receive concentrated light from the optically reflective element. 23. The apparatus of claim 22 further comprising a primary structural element positioned substantially along a diameter of the inflated concentrator. 24. The apparatus of claim 23 wherein the primary structural element comprises a diametrical member spanning orthogonal diameters of the top boundary or of the bottom boundary. 25. The apparatus of claim 24 further comprising diagonal structural members connecting first and second diametrical members that respectively span orthogonal diameters of the top and bottom boundaries. 26. The apparatus of claim 25 wherein the first and second diametrical members and the diagonal members lie in two orthogonal planes. 27. The apparatus of claim 25 further comprising an array of solar energy concentrators, each solar energy concentrator comprising respective optically transparent and optically reflective top and bottom circular members corresponding with the top and bottom boundaries, the top and bottom circular members connected to the diagonal members of adjacent solar energy concentrators of the array, and wherein the top and bottom boundaries are circular. 28. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the solar energy collector comprises an array of two or more inflated solar concentrators. 29. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the solar collector comprises a 3.times.1 array of inflated solar concentrators. 30. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the solar energy collector comprises a plurality of facets. 31. An apparatus comprising: a cartridge comprising an optical film in contact with a ring exhibiting stiffness in a radial direction of the film; and a cartridge holder exhibiting stiffness in an axial direction of the film and configured to receive the cartridge for mounting onto a support and tracking structure. 32. The apparatus of claim 31 wherein the optical film comprises a reflective film. 33. The apparatus of claim 31 wherein the optical film comprises a transparent film. 34. The apparatus of claim 31 wherein an insert maintains contact between the film and the ring. 35. The apparatus of claim 31 wherein an adhesive maintains contact between the film and the ring. 36. The apparatus of claim 31 wherein a heat seal maintains contact between the film and the ring. 37. The apparatus of claim 31 further comprising a seal between the cartridge and the cartridge holder. 38. The apparatus of claim 37 wherein the seal is between the optical film and the cartridge holder. 39. The apparatus of claim 37 wherein the seal is between the ring and the cartridge holder. 40. The apparatus of claim 39 wherein the seal is adhered to the ring by an adhesive. 41. The apparatus of claim 39 wherein the seal is adhered to the ring by heat sealing. 42. The apparatus of claim 37 wherein the cartridge holder comprises a first portion moveable relative to the second portion to receive the cartridge. 43. The apparatus of claim 42 wherein the first portion is hinged to the second portion. 44. The apparatus of claim 42 wherein the first portion is configured to mate with the second portion. 45. The apparatus of claim 37 wherein the cartridge holder comprises a recess configured to receive the cartridge. 46. The apparatus of claim 37 wherein the cartridge further comprises a second optical film. 47. The apparatus of claim 46 wherein the second optical film is in contact with the optical film. 48. The apparatus of claim 46 wherein the second optical film is in contact with the ring. 49. The apparatus of claim 46 wherein: the cartridge further comprises a second ring exhibiting stiffness in the radial direction; and the second optical film is in contact with the second ring. 50. The apparatus of claim 49 wherein the cartridge further comprises a seal between the first ring and the second ring. 51. The apparatus of claim 46 further comprising an inflation space defined between the first film and the second film, the cartridge further comprising a filling tube in selective fluid communication with the inflation space. 52. The apparatus of claim 31 wherein the ring comprises an outer membrane and an inner pressurizable chamber, the ring having a stiffness that changes depending on the pressure in the pressurizable chamber. 53. The apparatus of claim 31 wherein the ring comprises an inflatable chamber. 