A photovoltaic module including a frontsheet, a front encapsulant layer, a formable photoactive cell layer, a support layer, and a backside mounting surface. The formable photoactive cell layer includes a flexible substrate and at least a first photoactive cell including a photoactive surface. An orientation of the photoactive surface is different than an orientation of the backside mounting surface. A formable photoactive cell layer including a flexible substrate and an array of photoactive cells. The photoactive cells are spaced apart to form both a photoactive area and a non-photoactive area of the formable photoactive cell layer. The non-photoactive area is sufficiently large to allow the flexible substrate to be shaped to form the formable photoactive cell layer into a non-planar structure.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic module comprising a frontsheet, a front encapsulant layer, a formable photoactive cell layer, a support layer, and a backside mounting surface, wherein: the formable photoactive cell layer comprises a flexible substrate and at least a first photoactive cell comprising a photoactive surface; and an orientation of the photoactive surface is different than an orientation of the backside mounting surface. 2. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the at least a first photoactive cell comprises an array of photoactive cells comprising an array of photoactive surfaces, wherein each photoactive surface has an orientation. 3. The photovoltaic module of claim 2, wherein the orientation of each photoactive surface in the array of photoactive surfaces is the same. 4. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, further comprising a second photoactive cell, wherein: the second photoactive cell comprises a photoactive surface; and an orientation of the photoactive surface of the second photoactive cell is different than an orientation of the photoactive surface of the first photoactive cell. 5. The photovoltaic module of claim 2, wherein the flexible substrate comprises an electrically insulating material. 6. The photovoltaic module of claim 5, wherein the flexible substrate further comprises conductive traces that electrically connect the array of photoactive cells. 7. A formable photoactive cell layer comprising a flexible substrate and an array of photoactive cells, wherein: the photoactive cells are spaced apart to form both a photoactive area and a non-photoactive area of the formable photoactive cell layer; and the non-photoactive area is sufficiently large to allow the flexible substrate to be shaped to form the formable photoactive cell layer into a non-planar structure. 8. The formable photoactive cell layer of claim 7, wherein the ratio of the photoactive area to the non-photoactive area is less than about 3:1. 9. The formable photoactive cell layer of claim 8, wherein the ratio of the photoactive area to the non-photoactive area is less than about 2:1. 10. The formable photoactive cell layer of claim 9, wherein the ratio of the photoactive area to the non-photoactive area is about 1:1. 11. A photovoltaic module comprising a frontsheet, a front encapsulant layer, a formable photoactive cell layer, and a support layer, wherein: the formable photoactive cell layer comprises a flexible substrate and an array of photoactive cells; the photoactive cells are spaced apart to form both a photoactive area and a non-photoactive area of the formable photoactive cell layer; the non-photoactive area is sufficiently large to allow the flexible substrate to be shaped; the support layer is a non-planar structure; and the formable photoactive cell layer conforms to the non-planar structure of the support layer. 12. A process for assembling a photovoltaic module including the steps: forming conductive traces and electrical contacts on a flexible substrate; forming at least a first photoactive cell on the flexible substrate to form a formable photoactive cell layer, said formable photoactive cell layer having a photoactive area containing said first photoactive cell and a non-photoactive area wherein the non-photoactive area is sufficiently large to allow the flexible substrate to be shaped; electrically connecting the at least first photoactive cell to the conductive traces via the electrical contacts; forming an encapsulation layer on at least a first side of the formable photoactive cell layer; providing a protective layer on a front side of the formable photoactive cell layer; providing a protective layer on a back side of the formable photoactive cell layer; laminating the formable photoactive cell layer, the encapsulation layer and the protective layers; shaping formable photoactive cell layer, the encapsulation layer and the protective layers such that the photoactive area is at an angle to the non-photoactive area; and providing external electrical contacts to electrically connect the module to an external control circuit. 13. The process of claim 12, comprising the additional steps of: providing a contoured support layer; shaping the laminated formable photoactive cell layer, encapsulation layer and protective layers to fit the contours of the support layer; and attaching the laminated formable photoactive cell layer, encapsulation layer and protective layers to the support layer. 