Methods and devices for high-throughput printing of a precursor material for forming a film of a group IB-IIIA-chalcogenide compound are disclosed. In one embodiment, the method comprises forming a precursor layer on a substrate, the precursor is subsequently processed in a VIA environment.
Claims 1. A thermal processing tool for forming a solar cell absorber by reacting a precursor layer disposed on a surface of a continuous flexible workpiece, the reacting taking place within the precursor layer and with an absorber ingredient in a carrier layer, the tool comprising: a heating chamber to cause therein the reacting of a precursor layer portion of the precursor layer with that part of the absorber ingredient that is in a carrier layer portion of the carrier layer, the heating chamber extending between a first opening at a first end of the heating chamber and a second opening at a second end of the heating chamber and including a process gap; a continuous carrier configured to hold on its surface a carrier layer comprising the absorber ingredient; and a moving mechanism to hold and move the continuous flexible workpiece and the continuous carrier within and through the process gap of the heating chamber so that the carrier layer portion of the carrier layer is delivered in proximity to the precursor layer portion of the precursor layer disposed on the surface of the continuous flexible workpiece during the reacting of the precursor layer portion with the part of the absorber ingredient that is in the carrier layer portion within the heating chamber. 2. The tool of claim 1 further including a monitor-control unit that controls applying a predetermined temperature profile within the heating chamber to control the reacting. 3. The tool of claim 2 wherein the moving mechanism includes a first supply roll to feed previously unrolled portions of the continuous carrier into the heating chamber through the first opening at the first end of the heating chamber and a first receiving roll to take up and wrap used portions of the continuous carrier which exits through the second opening at the second end of the heating chamber. 4. The tool of claim 3 wherein the moving mechanism further includes a second supply roll to feed previously unrolled portions of the continuous flexible workpiece into the heating chamber through the first opening and a second receiving roll to take up and wrap processed portions of the continuous flexible workpiece. 5. The tool of claim 1, wherein the top wall and the bottom wall are parallel to one another and the surface of the continuous carrier is positioned with respect to the surface of the continuous flexible workpiece so that the precursor layer and the carrier layer face each other. 6. The tool of claim 5, wherein the surface of the continuous flexible workpiece and surface the continuous carrier are substantially parallel to one another. 7. The tool of claim 1, wherein the process gap is defined by a top wall, a bottom wall, and side walls; and wherein at least one of the top wall and the bottom wall is disposed at an angle with respect to one another so that the height of the process gap is gradually reduced toward the second opening. 8. The tool of claim 4, wherein the length of the heating chamber is in the range of 1 to 15 meters. 9. The tool of claim 1 further including a delivery unit that deposits the carrier layer on the surface of the continuous carrier. 10. The tool of claim 3 further including a delivery unit that deposits the carrier layer on the surface of the continuous carrier. 11. The tool of claim 4 further including a delivery unit that deposits the carrier layer on the surface of the continuous carrier. 12. A multilayer structure for forming solar cell absorbers by applying heat, comprising: a base having a front surface and a back surface; a precursor layer formed on at least a substantial surface area portion of the front surface, wherein the precursor layer comprises at least one Group IB and at least one Group IIIA material; and a carrier layer formed on at least one of the back surface and a portion of the front surface that does not substantially overlap with the precursor layer, wherein the carrier layer comprises at least one of a Group VIA material and a Group IA material. 13. The structure of claim 12 wherein the Group VI material is at least one of Se and S and Group IA material is Na. 14. The structure of claim 12 wherein the precursor layer further comprises at least one Group VIA material. 15. The structure of claim 14 wherein the precursor layer comprises a metallic precursor formed on the front surface of the base and a Group VIA material layer formed on the metallic precursor and wherein the metallic precursor comprises Cu and at least one of Ga and In metals. 16. The structure of claim 15 wherein the Group VIA material layer is a Se layer and the metallic precursor comprises Cu, In and Ga metals. 17. The structure of claim 14, wherein the carrier layer is on the back surface. 18. The structure of claim 14, wherein the front surface is configured as a rectangle with two long sides and two short sides and it includes a first-end portion and a second-end portion along the two short sides, an edge-exclusion portion along the two long sides and a middle portion surrounded by the first-end portion, the second-end portion and the edge-exclusion portion. 19. The structure of claim 18, wherein the precursor layer is disposed only within the substantial surface area portion, and wherein the substantial surface area portion is in the middle portion, and the carrier layer is on at least one of; the back surface of the base, the first-end portion, the second-end portion and the edge exclusion portion. 20. The structure of claim 119, wherein the precursor layer is in the middle portion, and the carrier layer is on the first end portion and the second-end portion. 21. The structure of claim 19, wherein the precursor layer is in the middle portion, and the carrier layer is on the edge exclusion portion. 22. The structure of claim 14, wherein the base comprises a continuous flexible workpiece comprising a flexible stainless steel substrate. 23. The structure of claim 18, wherein the length of the continuous flexible workpiece is in the range of 2 to 2000 meters. 24. The structure of claim 14, wherein the thickness of the precursor layer is in the range of 500-5000 nm. 25. The structure of claim 14, wherein the thickness of the carrier layer is in the range of 1000-20000 nm. 26. A process of forming an absorber layer on a surface of a workpiece as the workpiece and a carrier are advanced through a rapid thermal processing (RTP) chamber, wherein a precursor layer is disposed on the surface and an absorber constituent is disposed on the carrier, the process comprising: moving a portion of the carrier through a first opening into the RTP chamber; vaporizing the absorber constituent on the carrier within the RTP chamber thus forming an absorber constituent vapor; moving a portion of the workpiece through the first opening into the RTP chamber; and reacting the absorber constituent vapor and the precursor layer to form an absorber layer on the workpiece. 27. The process of claim 26, wherein moving the portion of the carrier comprises moving a predetermined length of the carrier into the RTP chamber. 28. The process of claim 27, wherein the predetermined length is substantially equal to the length of the RTP chamber. 29. The process of claim 26 further including the step of establishing within the RTP chamber a temperature profile having a maximum temperature range of 400-600.degree. C. that is used by the step of reacting. 30. The process of claim 26, wherein the steps of moving the carrier and the workpiece are each performed at a speed range 0.25 to 15 meters/minute. 31. The process of claim 26, wherein the absorber constituent comprises at least one of a Group VIA material and a Group IA material. 32. The process of claim 31, wherein the Group VIA material is Se and the Group IA material is Na. 33. The process of claim 26, wherein the precursor layer includes at least one Group IB, at least one Group IIIA and at least one Group VIA material. 34. The process of claim 26, wherein the RTP chamber is a roll-to-roll RTP chamber. 35. The process of claim 34, wherein the step of moving the portion of the carrier comprises moving a portion of the carrier through a first opening into the RTP chamber by feeding previously unrolled portions of the carrier from a carrier supply roll. 36. The process of claim 35, wherein the step of moving the portion of the workpiece comprises moving the portion of the workpiece through the first opening into the RTP chamber by feeding previously unrolled portions of the workpiece from a workpiece supply roll. 37. The process of claim 36 further comprising taking up the processed portion of the workpiece from a second opening of the RTP chamber and wrapping up around a workpiece receiving roll. 38. The process of claim 35 further comprising taking up the used portion of the carrier from a second opening of the RTP chamber and wrapping up around a carrier receiving roll. 39. A process of forming an absorber layer on a workpiece, wherein the workpiece comprises a layer of carrier material on a first portion of the workpiece and a layer of precursor material on a second portion of the workpiece, the second portion of the workpiece being different than the first portion of the workpiece and the carrier material comprising at least one of a Group VIA material and a Group IA material, the process comprising: moving the workpiece through a temperature profile; forming a carrier material vapor by vaporizing the layer of carrier material from the first portion of the workpiece; and reacting the carrier material vapor with the layer of precursor material on the second portion of the workpiece to form an absorber layer. 40. The process of claim 39 wherein the layer of precursor material comprises Cu and at least one of In and Ga. 41. The process of claim 40, wherein the layer of precursor material comprises Cu, In, Ga and at least one Group VIA material. 42. The process of claim 41, wherein the at least one Group VIA material is Se. 43. The process of claim 42, wherein the first portion of the workpiece is located on at least one of a front surface of the workpiece and a back surface of the workpiece. 44. The process of claim 41, wherein the second portion is located on the front surface of the workpiece. 45. The process of claim 39 further comprising establishing the temperature profile in a RTP chamber prior to the step of moving. 46. The process of claim 45, wherein the RTP chamber is a roll to roll RTP chamber and wherein the workpiece is moved from a first roll through the RTP chamber and onto a second roll to form the absorber layer on the workpiece. 