Improvements in a cell phone or PDA case are disclosed. The improvement includes the retention of a cell phone to allow for complete functionality of the phone while it is within the case. The phone is cushioned and protected within the case where it is semi-rigidly held. The case further includes an operable back cover where interchangeable trays can be installed where the trays provide a variety of function such as holding makeup, pills, money, credit cards, key(s) or other items a user might normally carry. A dust flap protects migration of makeup into the phone area. The door(s) can open from a variety of methods including hinged, sliding or rotating and be retained closed with magnets or snaps. The opening of the door may also activate an integrated light or alarm.
Claims 1. A cell phone protective case comprising: a front housing having an essentially planar front face with an opening sized to provide access to a display screen of a cell phone and further having an external lip that extends essentially vertical from said essentially planar front face; an interior cavity of said front housing sufficiently sized to accept said cell phone; a back housing that engages into said front housing to close said cell phone within said front and said back housing, and a said interior cavity includes a spacing to accept a changeable tray located between said cell phone and said back housing. 2. The cell phone protective case according to claim 1 wherein the tray is accommodates make-up, pills or identification information and money. 3. The cell phone protective case according to claim 1 that further includes a dust flap. 4. The cell phone protective case according to claim 1 wherein said phone mounting is for an iPhone. 5. The cell phone protective case according to claim 1 that further includes elastomeric pads for securely holding of said cell phone. 6. The cell phone protective case according to claim 1 that further includes a shell ring to increase a plurality of changeable trays that can be inserted. 7. The cell phone protective case according to claim 1 wherein said back housing hinges on said front housing. 8. The cell phone protective case according to claim 1 wherein said back housing slides on said front housing. 9. The cell phone protective case according to claim 1 wherein said back housing rotates on said front housing. 10. The cell phone protective case according to claim 1 wherein said back housing further includes a solar collector. 11. The cell phone protective case according to claim 1 that further includes an illumination device that is operated when said back housing is opened. 12. The cell phone protective case according to claim 1 that further includes an elastic band or metal spring to hold paper, money or credit cards within said back housing. 13. The cell phone protective case according to claim 1 that further includes at least one magnet to hold said back housing closed. 14. The cell phone protective case according to claim 1 that further includes a scratch cover over said essentially planar front face. 15. The cell phone protective case according to claim 1 that further includes an alarm that sounds when said back housing is opened. 16. The cell phone protective case according to claim 1 wherein said back housing can be used as a kickstand. 17. The cell phone protective case according to claim 1 wherein said front housing and said back housing is made from plastic or metal. 18. The cell phone protective case according to claim 1 wherein said back housing further includes a mirror. 19. The cell phone protective case according to claim 1 wherein said front back housing and or said back housing has opening for access to electrical connections to said cell phone. 20. The cell phone protective case according to claim 1 that further includes insert extensions to articulate mechanical button(s) on said cell phone. 