A self-sufficient structural health monitoring system that can monitor a structure without need for external power input. Embodiments of the invention provide a structural health monitoring system with a power supply integrated within, so that the system relies on itself for operational power. Systems with such an on-board electrical power source, independent of an external power source (and in particular, independent of the power system(s) of the structure being monitored), are much more self-contained and self-sufficient.
Claims 1. A self-powered structural health monitoring system, comprising: an analyzer operable on electrical power, so as to perform at least one of: receiving diagnostic signals from a plurality of sensing elements, the diagnostic signals corresponding to stress waves detected from a structure by the plurality of sensing elements; and transmitting querying signals to the plurality of sensing elements, so as to generate stress waves in the structure; and a rechargeable power supply in electrical communication with the analyzer and providing the electrical power to the analyzer; wherein the rechargeable power supply further comprises a rechargeable battery, and a generator in electrical communication with the rechargeable battery and configured to recharge the rechargeable battery. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the rechargeable power supply further comprises: a charging circuit connected between the rechargeable battery and the generator, the charging circuit operable to convert first electrical signals from the generator to second electrical signals suitable for recharging the rechargeable battery; and a substrate having the rechargeable battery and the charging circuit affixed thereon. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the electrical power has a first voltage, and wherein the rechargeable power supply further comprises: a conversion circuit affixed to the substrate and connected between the rechargeable battery and the analyzer, the conversion circuit operable to convert electrical signals produced by the rechargeable battery at a second voltage to the electrical power at the first voltage; and a regulator circuit affixed to the substrate and operable to attenuate a noise in the electrical signals produced by the rechargeable battery. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the analyzer further comprises: a signal conditioning circuit operable on the electrical power to attenuate a noise in the received diagnostic signals, the received diagnostic signals being analog signals; an analog to digital conversion circuit operable on the electrical power to convert the analog, noise-attenuated, received diagnostic signals to digital diagnostic signals; and a processor operable on the electrical power to receive the digital diagnostic signals and to output signals facilitating a diagnosis of a health of the structure. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the analyzer further comprises a voltage transmission circuit operable to receive the electrical power and to generate the querying signals from the received electrical power. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the generator is a solar power generator. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the generator is a thermoelectric power generator. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the generator is operable to receive the diagnostic signals from the plurality of sensing elements, and to recharge the rechargeable battery according to the received diagnostic signals. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the generator further comprises an adapter circuit configured to convert alternating current to direct current, and configured to recharge the rechargeable battery according to the direct current. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the analyzer is operable on the electrical power to perform both the receiving and the transmitting. 11. The system of claim 1, further comprising an enclosure having the rechargeable battery and the analyzer mounted therein. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the analyzer and the rechargeable power supply are affixed to the structure. 13. A self-sufficient structural health monitoring system, comprising: a rechargeable battery; structural health monitoring diagnostic hardware operable on electrical power from the rechargeable battery to perform at least one of: receiving monitoring signals from a plurality of sensing elements, the monitoring signals corresponding to stress waves detected from a structure by the plurality of sensing elements; and transmitting interrogating signals to the plurality of sensing elements, so as to generate stress waves in the structure; and a generator operable to recharge the rechargeable battery. 14. The system of claim 13, further comprising: a charging circuit connected between the rechargeable battery and the generator, the charging circuit operable to convert first electrical signals from the generator to second electrical signals suitable for recharging the rechargeable battery; and a substrate having the rechargeable battery and the charging circuit affixed thereon. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the electrical power has a first voltage, and wherein the rechargeable power supply further comprises: a conversion circuit affixed to the substrate and connected between the rechargeable battery and the diagnostic hardware, the conversion circuit operable to convert electrical signals produced by the rechargeable battery at a second voltage to the electrical power at the first voltage; and a regulator circuit affixed to the substrate and operable to attenuate a noise in the electrical signals produced by the rechargeable battery. 16. The system of claim 13, wherein the diagnostic hardware further comprises: a signal conditioning circuit operable on the electrical power to attenuate a noise in the received diagnostic signals, the received diagnostic signals being analog signals; an analog to digital conversion circuit operable on the electrical power to convert the analog, noise-attenuated, received diagnostic signals to digital diagnostic signals; and a processor operable on the electrical power to receive the digital diagnostic signals and to output signals facilitating a diagnosis of a health of the structure. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the analyzer further comprises a voltage transmission circuit operable to receive the electrical power and to generate the interrogating signals from the received electrical power. 18. The system of claim 13, wherein the generator is a solar power generator. 19. The system of claim 13, wherein the generator is a thermoelectric power generator. 20. The system of claim 13, wherein the generator is operable to receive the diagnostic signals from the plurality of sensing elements, and to recharge the rechargeable battery according to the received diagnostic signals. 21. The system of claim 13, wherein the generator further comprises an adapter circuit configured to convert alternating current to direct current, and configured to recharge the rechargeable battery according to the direct current. 22. The system of claim 13, wherein the diagnostic hardware is operable on the electrical power to perform both the receiving and the transmitting. 23. The system of claim 13, further comprising an enclosure having the rechargeable battery and the diagnostic hardware mounted therein. 24. The system of claim 13, wherein the diagnostic hardware and the rechargeable battery are affixed to the structure. 