A solar component for solar thermal installations has an absorber element and at least one tube for a fluid thermal medium, coupled thermally directly or indirectly to the absorber element. At least one solid insulation of foam glass or plastic, in particular a cured plastic foam made of polyurethane or polyisocyanurate, is provided. The solid insulation, when mounted as intended, fixes the at least one tube relative to the absorber element.
Claims 1. A solar component for solar thermal installations comprising an absorber element and at least one tube for a fluid thermal medium, coupled thermally directly or indirectly to the absorber element, wherein at least one solid insulation preferably of foam glass or plastic, in particular a cured plastic foam, in particular of polyurethane or polyisocyanurate, is provided which when mounted as intended, fixes the at least one tube relative to the absorber element. 2. The solar component according to claim 1, wherein said absorber element is adhesively bonded to said solid insulation. 3. The solar component according to claim 1, comprising at least one transfer plate for receiving and thermal coupling of the at least one tube to the absorber element. 4. The solar component according to claim 1, comprising, on the side of the at least one solid insulation facing away from the absorber element, at least one tube for a fluid thermal medium to be cooled. 5. The solar component according to claim 1, configured for mounting on the roof ridge of a pitched roof. 6. The solar component according to claim 1, comprising an elongate at least partially transparent external cover, in particular in the form of an elongate substantially U-shaped plastic trough, which when mounted as intended, covers a part of a pipeline for fluid thermal medium. 7. The solar component according to claim 1, comprising a photovoltaic element, in particular a photovoltaic element that forms part of the absorber element or the entire absorber element. 8. A solar thermal installation comprising at least one solar component according to claim 1. 9. The solar thermal installation according to claim 8, comprising means for changing the direction in which the fluid thermal medium flows, wherein the said means preferably comprises a time-switching clock and/or a light sensor and/or a temperature sensor. 10. The solar thermal installation according to claim 8, comprising a pressureless first container, in particular a tub or a bag, for the fluid thermal medium, wherein the first container forms a part of a circuit for the thermal medium, wherein a second container for fresh water or industrial water or heating water at the local water pipe pressure when mounted as intended is preferably disposed in the first container. 11. The solar thermal installation according to claim 8, comprising means for extracting the heated air present in the space enclosed by a cover above the absorber element and feeding this heated air into a heating system and/or into a laundry drier. 12. A method for operating a solar thermal installation according to claim 8, wherein the installation is disposed on a roof or a roof ridge and comprises a pipeline for a fluid thermal medium which consists of at least two substantially parallel tubes which are interconnected at one end so that the thermal medium can flow in a first direction on the roof or roof ridge to the connection point of the two parallel tubes and can flow back in a second direction opposite thereto, comprising the step of reversing the direction of flow depending on the position of the sun so that the thermal medium always flows back in that tube which experiences strong solar irradiation. 13. The method according to claim 12, wherein the heated air present in the space enclosed by a cover above the absorber element is extracted and used to operate a heating system and/or a laundry drier. 14. A method for operating a solar thermal installation, said installation comprising solar components according to claim 4, the method comprising the step of piping a fluid thermal medium to be cooled through at least one tube provided on the side of the at least one solid insulation facing away from the absorber element. 15. A solid insulation for a solar component for solar thermal installations comprising an absorber element and at least one tube for a fluid thermal medium thermally coupled directly or indirectly to the absorber element, wherein said solid insulation consists of foam glass or plastic, in particular a cured plastic foam, in particular made of polyurethane or polyisocyanurate, wherein the solid insulation is configured in such a manner that when mounted as intended it fixes the at least one tube relative to the absorber element. 