A photovoltaic module (10) comprises a plurality of solar cells (20) interconnected in serial arrays (15). At least some of the solar cells (20) are equipped with control units (30) comprising at least one thermal sensor (42) and one power sensor (43). The control unit (30) comprises means (35) for removing a specific solar cell (20') from the photovoltaic module (10) network if said solar cell (20') is found to have reached a predefined level of degradation. In a preferred embodiment, control unit (30) is an ASIC chip (40) in thermal contact with said solar cell (20) and electrically connected to said solar cell (20).
Claims 1. A photovoltaic module comprising: a plurality of interconnected solar cells, a set of said solar cells including a control unit comprising: at least one thermal sensor; at least one power sensor; and apparatus for removing a specific power cell when said specific power cell has reached a predetermined level of degradation. 2. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein said control unit is an application specific integrated circuit chip (ASIC). 3. The photovoltaic module of claim 2, wherein said ASIC is attached to the back surface of said solar cell. 4. The photovoltaic module of claim 3, wherein said ASIC is attached to the back surface of said solar cell by a thermal paste. 5. The photovoltaic module of claim 3, wherein: a plurality of said solar cells are connected in series with each other; and said control unit chip is connected in parallel across the solar cell. 6. The photovoltaic module of claim 5, further including: a bus bar on the back surface of said solar cell connected to said control unit chip; and a bus bar on the front surface of said solar cell connected to said control unit chip. 7. The photovoltaic module of claim 2, wherein said control unit chip further includes a magnetic sensor for monitoring magnetic properties of said solar cell. 8. The photovoltaic module of claim 7, wherein said control unit chip further includes: a collector unit; and a transmission circuit for transmitting signals from sensors to said collector unit. 9. The photovoltaic module of claim 7 further including: a collector unit; and wherein said control unit chip further includes an RF unit enabling wireless communication between said control unit chip and said collector unit. 10. The photovoltaic module of claim 1 further including apparatus for short circuiting selected solar cells. 11. The photovoltaic module of claim 10, wherein said apparatus activates said short circuiting when the temperature of a solar cell exceeds a predetermined threshold. 