The placement of fully available prime movers having a DC output at a location inside or adjacent to an inverter-based intermittently available renewable energy site is disclosed. The fully available prime movers add reliability to an unreliable energy asset that is reaching its maximum penetration within the grid due to its unpredictability and the requirement for additional spinning reserves in other parts of the grid. The present invention can provide a portion or all of the power to an intermittently available renewable power generating facility so that the power output to the power grid is dispatchable power. In particular, a method and means are disclosed to utilize high-efficiency engines operated on various fuels some of which may be non-fossil fuels to maintain a constant power output from an otherwise intermittent power generating facility.
Claims 1. A method, comprising: determining, by a processor, that an amount of electrical power being delivered by an intermittently available power facility, comprising one or more intermittently available energy sources, to a grid, is or will be, less than a determined amount; and in response, supplying electrical power, by one or more fully available energy sources other than an energy storage system, to a direct current ("DC") bus, the DC bus receiving electrical power from the one or more fully available energy sources and the one or more intermittently available energy sources and providing the electrical power to an inverter, the inverter converting the DC electrical power to alternating current ("AC") electrical power for supply to the grid. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the one or more fully available energy sources each comprise at least one of a gas turbine engine, a reciprocating engine and a fuel cell, wherein the one or more fully available energy sources provides dispatchable power, and wherein the one or more fully available energy sources each comprise power control apparatuses to provide DC electrical power to a DC bus. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the one or more intermittently available energy sources is at least one of a photovoltaic array, a solar thermal plant, a wind turbine and a water turbine, wherein the determining step comprises determining, by the processor, a DC bus voltage as set by maximum power point algorithm, and wherein the determined amount is an existing or probable electrical power requirement by the grid. 4. The method of claim 3, further comprising: setting an energy storage system power control apparatus voltage to a level sufficient to send electrical power from an energy storage system to the DC bus; and setting one or more fully available energy source's power control apparatus voltages to levels sufficient to send electrical energy from the one or more fully available energy sources to the DC bus. 5. The method of claim 4, further comprising: engaging and/or adjusting a determined amount of power from the one or more fully available energy sources required to provide sufficient electrical power to the grid to satisfy the determined amount; as the one or more fully available energy sources supply the determined amount of electrical energy, adjusting the energy storage system power control apparatus voltage to a lower first level to decrease an amount of electrical power supplied by the energy storage system to the DC bus. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the DC bus comprises a first DC bus electrically connecting the one or more intermittently available energy sources to a power control apparatus, wherein the power control apparatus is connected electrically by a second DC bus to the inverter and one or more fully available energy sources, wherein the power control apparatus performs maximum power point tracking of the one or more intermittently available energy sources, and further comprising: setting a parameter of the inverter to increase a power demand from the second DC bus; and supplying, by an energy storage system, electrical energy to the second DC bus, wherein, as electrical energy is supplied by the one or more fully available energy sources to the second DC bus, a voltage of the second DC bus decreases and the electrical power supplied by the energy storage system to the second DC bus decreases. 7. The method of claim 5, further comprising: adjusting the energy storage system power control apparatus voltage to a lower second level to charge the energy storage system. 8. The method of claim 6, wherein an amount of power being requested by the grid is not within a selected range of the amount of power flowing to the inverter and further comprising: decreasing the pulse width of the inverter to raise the voltage of the second DC bus until electrical energy flows to the energy storage system. 9. A non-transitory computer readable medium comprising processor executable instructions to perform the steps of claim 1. 10. A system, comprising: a direct current bus electrically connected to an inverter; one or more intermittently available renewable energy sources electrically connected to the DC bus; and one or more fully available energy sources, other than an energy storage system, electrically connected to the DC bus, wherein the DC bus receives electrical power from the one or more intermittently available energy sources and the one or more fully available energy sources and wherein the DC bus provides the electrical power to the inverter and wherein the inverter converts the DC electrical power to alternating current ("AC") electrical power for supply to a grid. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the one or more fully available energy sources comprise a prime power source, wherein the one or more fully available energy sources provide dispatchable power, and wherein the one or more fully available energy sources comprise a power control apparatus to provide DC electrical power to a DC bus. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the one or more intermittently available energy sources is one or more of a photovoltaic array, a solar thermal plant, a wind turbine and a water turbine, wherein the determining step comprises determining, by the processor, a DC bus voltage as set by maximum power point algorithm, and wherein the determined amount is an existing or probable electrical energy requirement by the grid. 13. The system of claim 12, further comprising: a processor operable to set an energy storage system power control apparatus voltage to a level sufficient to send electrical energy from an energy storage system to the DC bus and set one or more fully available energy sources power control apparatus voltages to a level sufficient to send electrical power from the one or more fully available energy sources to the DC bus. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the processor engages and/or adjusts a determined amount of power from the one or more fully available energy sources required to provide sufficient electrical energy to the grid to satisfy the determined amount and, as the one or more fully available energy sources supply the determined amount of electrical power, adjusts the energy storage system power control apparatus voltage to a lower first level to decrease an amount of electrical power supplied by the energy storage system to the DC bus. 15. The method of claim 10, wherein the DC bus comprises a first DC bus electrically connecting the one or more intermittently available energy sources to the power control apparatus and a second DC bus electrically connecting the power control apparatus to the inverter and one or more fully available energy sources, wherein the power control apparatus performs maximum power point tracking of the one or more intermittently available energy sources, and further comprising a processor operable to increase a pulse width of the inverter to increase a power demand from the second DC bus, such that an energy storage system supplies electrical power to the second DC bus, wherein, as electrical power is supplied by the one or more fully available energy sources to the second DC bus, a voltage of the second DC bus decreases and the electrical power supplied by the energy storage system to the second DC bus decreases. 16. The method of claim 14, wherein the processor is operable to set an energy storage system power control apparatus voltage to a level sufficient to charge the energy storage system. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein an amount of power being requested by the grid is not within a selected range of the amount of power flowing to the inverter and wherein the processor is operable to decrease the pulse width of the inverter to raise the voltage of the second DC bus until electrical energy flows to the energy storage system. 18. A wind turbine, comprising: a rotor to rotate in response to air movement and produce mechanical power; a generator operable to convert the mechanical power into alternating current ("AC") electrical energy; a power control apparatus operable to convert the AC electrical energy into direct current ("DC") electrical energy; a DC bus operable to receive the DC electrical energy; and one or more fully available energy sources other than an energy storage system operable to supply DC electrical power to the DC bus. 19. The wind turbine of claim 18, wherein the one or more fully available energy sources are located in a nacelle of the wind turbine. 20. The wind turbine of claim 18, wherein the one or more fully available energy sources are located in a tower of the wind turbine. 21. The wind turbine of claim 18, wherein the one or more fully available energy sources are located adjacent to a tower of the wind turbine. 