A method of determining a pressure parameter of a plant sample (1) comprises the steps of subjecting the plant sample (1) to a clamp pressure (p.sub.clamp) created with a clamp device (10), measuring at least one pressure response value (p.sub.p) of the plant sample (1), which depends on the clamp pressure (P.sub.clamp)/and determining the pressure parameter on the basis of the at least one pressure response value (p.sub.p), wherein the clamp pressure (p.sub.clamp) is adjusted, such that the plant sample (1) has a viscoelastic pressure response to the clamp pressure (p.sub.clamp). Furthermore, an apparatus (100) for determining a pressure parameter of a plant sample (1) is described.
Claims 1. Method of determining a pressure parameter of a plant sample comprising the steps of: subjecting the plant sample to a clamp pressure (p.sub.clamp) created with a clamp device, wherein the clamp pressure (p.sub.clamp) is adjusted such that the plant sample has a viscoelastic pressure response to the clamp pressure (p.sub.clamp), measuring at least one pressure response value (p.sub.p) of the plant sample, which depends on the clamp pressure (p.sub.clamp), and determining the pressure parameter on the basis of the at least one pressure response value (p.sub.p). 2. Method according to claim 1, wherein the clamp pressure (p.sub.clamp) is adjusted with an initial calibration of the clamp device including the steps subjecting the plant sample to multiple test clamp pressures pulses, measuring a relaxation response of the plant sample, and selecting a particular test clamp pressure as the clamp pressure (p.sub.clamp) if the relaxation response for the particular test clamp pressure results in an at least partial relaxation of the plant sample. 3. Method according to claim 1, wherein the clamp pressure (p.sub.clamp) is adjusted on the basis of predetermined reference plant data. 4. Method according to claim 1, wherein the at least one pressure response value comprises at least one of an attenuated clamp pressure (p.sub.p) of the plant sample, an output force of the plant sample and an electrical conductivity of the plant sample. 5. Method according to claim 1, wherein the pressure parameter to be determined comprises at least one of the at least one pressure response value, a cell turgor pressure (p.sub.c) and a quantitative changing measure of the pressure response values. 6. Method according to claim 5, wherein the cell turgor pressure (p.sub.c) is determined on the basis of at least one transfer function value (T.sub.f(p.sub.clamp, P.sub.p)) depending on the clamp pressure (p.sub.clamp) and the attenuated clamp pressure (P.sub.p). 7. Method according to claim 6, wherein the at least one transfer function value (T.sub.f(p.sub.clamp, p.sub.p)) depends on a quotient of the attenuated clamp pressure (p.sub.p) and the clamp pressure (p.sub.clamp) with T.sub.f=T.sub.f(P.sub.p/(F.sub.ap.sub.clamp)) with F.sub.a being an attenuation factor. 8. Method according to claim 5, wherein the step of determining the quantitative changing measure comprises determining of at least one of a difference quotient of subsequent pressure response values, a first derivative of the pressure response values, a second derivative of the pressure response values, a fluctuation rate of the pressure response values, and a variation pattern of the pressure response values. 9. Method according to claim 8, wherein the pressure response values are measured at least one of a varying environmental condition of the plant sample and a varying physiological condition of the plant sample. 10. Method according to claim 9, wherein the quantitative changing measure of the pressure response values is determined with respect to said at least one of the varying environmental condition and the varying physiological condition. 11. Method according to claim 9, further comprising the step of selecting a measurement location on the plant sample with respect to a distance thereof to at least one of an edge of the plant sample and a structural element on the plant sample surface. 12. Method according to claim 1, wherein the adjusting step comprises at least one of the steps: selecting a clamping pad of the clamp device in dependence on a type of the plant sample, and selecting a clamp arm length of the clamp device in dependence on a type of the plant sample (1). 13. Method according to claim 1, further comprising at least one of the steps of measuring at least one of illumination intensity, temperature, relative humidity, wind speed, transpiration condition, and photosynthesis condition, monitoring the plant sample with a camera device, and injecting an active substance into the plant sample. 14. Method according to claim 1, further comprising the step of measuring a gradient of the pressure parameter or the cell turgor pressure (p.sub.c) along a plant sample surface. 15. Method according to claim 1, further comprising the step of determining a variation of the pressure parameter or the cell turgor pressure (p.sub.c) in response to an injection of at least one of an active substance, a hormone, a pesticide and a herbicide. 16. Method according to claim 1, further comprising the steps of comparing the pressure parameter (p.sub.c) or the cell turgor pressure (p.sub.c) with at least one reference value, and generating a control signal in dependence on a result of the comparing step. 17. Method according to claim 1, further comprising the step of sending at least one of the pressure response values, the pressure parameter, the cell turgor pressure (p.sub.c) and the control signal to an operation installation or a central control device. 18. Method according to claim 17, wherein the operation installation is an irrigation device, which is controlled with the at least one of the pressure response values, the pressure parameter, the cell turgor pressure (P.sub.c) and the control signal. 19. Method according to claim 1, wherein the steps of subjecting the plant sample to the clamp pressure (p.sub.clamp) and measuring the pressure response values (p.sub.p) of the plant sample are conducted on different sides of the plant sample. 20. Method according to claim 1, further comprising the step of supplying energy using a solar cell or a fuel cell device. 21. Method according to claim 20, wherein the energy is supplied in dependency on the time of day. 22. Apparatus for determining a pressure parameter of a plant sample, comprising: a clamp device adapted for subjecting the plant sample to a clamp pressure (p.sub.clamp), a sensor device adapted for sensing at least one pressure response value (p.sub.p) of the plant sample, wherein the at least one pressure response value (p.sub.p) depends on the clamp pressure (p.sub.clamp) and an adjusting device, which is adapted for adjusting the clamp pressure (p.sub.clamp), such that the plant sample has an viscoelastic pressure response to the clamp pressure (p.sub.clamp). 23. Apparatus according to claim 22, further comprising an evaluating device, which is adapted for determining a quantitative changing measure of the pressure response values, wherein the changing measure represents the pressure parameter to be determined. 24. Apparatus according to claim 22, wherein the clamp device comprises at least one of a spring clamp device, a screw clamp device, an acoustic clamp device, a magnetic field clamp device and an electrical field clamp device. 25. Apparatus according to claim 22, wherein the sensor device includes at least one pressure sensor, at least one force sensor or at least one electrical conductivity sensor. 26. Apparatus according to claim 22, wherein the clamp device comprises at least one of a variable clamp arm length, a variable clamp area, at least one exchangeable clamp pad, at least one clamp pad with adjustable pad shape, at least one clamp pad with a structured pad surface, at least one transparent clamp pad, at least one porous clamp pad, at least one clamp pad with a matching surface coating, at least one clamp pad with an integrated injection device, at least one clamp pad with multiple sensors, a light guiding device, and an electrode device. 27. Apparatus according to claim 22, comprising: at least one sensor adapted for sensing at least one of at least one environmental condition and at least one physiological condition of the plant sample. 28. Apparatus according to claim 27, wherein: the at least one sensor is adapted for sensing at least one of an illumination intensity, temperature, relative humidity, wind speed, a transpiration condition, a photosynthesis condition, an active substance concentration, a hormone concentration, a pesticide concentration and a herbicide concentration. 29. Apparatus according to claim 22, further comprising: a protection device for protecting against at least one of humidity, extreme temperature and mechanical impact. 30. Apparatus according to claim 22, further comprising: a data port device being adapted for data transmission. 31. Apparatus according to claim 30, wherein: the data port device is configured for a connection with at least one of a telemetric system and a data network. 32. Irrigation installation, comprising: at least one pressure parameter determining apparatus according to claim 22, and at least one irrigation operation device, which can be controlled in dependence on the pressure parameter determined with the at least one pressure parameter determining apparatus. 33. Irrigation installation according to claim 32, wherein a network of pressure parameter determining apparatuses is connected with the at least one irrigation operation device. 34. Irrigation installation according to claim 32, further comprising at least one of a camera device, and a weather monitoring station. 35. Computer program residing on a computer-readable medium, with a program code for carrying out at least one step of a method of determining a pressure parameter of a plant sample according to claim 1. 36. Apparatus comprising a computer-readable storage medium containing program instructions for carrying out at least one step a method of determining a pressure parameter of a plant sample according to claim 1. 37. Method according to claim 9, wherein the varying environmental condition comprises at least one of illumination intensity, temperature, relative humidity, wind speed, and the varying physiological condition comprises at least one of transpiration, stomata activity, photosynthesis, an active substance concentration, a hormone concentration, a pesticide concentration and a herbicide concentration. 38. Method according to claim 13, wherein the injected active substance comprises at least one of a hormone, a pesticide and a herbicide. 