An electroacoustic apparatus with an optical energy conversion function is provided. The electroacoustic apparatus includes an optical energy converter for converting optical energy into electrical power. The electroacoustic apparatus further includes a signal generator and a flat speaker. The signal generator receives a signal from a sound source and generates a sound signal according to the received signal. The signal generator sends the sound signal to the flat speaker, and the flat speaker makes a sound according to the sound signal. Aforementioned operations are all performed by using the electrical power generated by the optical energy converter or a power stored therein.
Claims 1. An electroacoustic apparatus, comprising: a flat speaker, disposed on a first side surface of the electroacoustic apparatus, comprising a metal electrode with a plurality of holes and a electret vibrating film structure, wherein a chamber is formed between the metal electrode and the electret vibrating film structure, and a sympathetic vibration is generated in the chamber to make a sound through interaction between the metal electrode and the electret vibrating film structure; an optical energy converter, flatly disposed on a second side surface of the electroacoustic apparatus, for converting a light beam into an electrical power; and a signal generator, coupled to the optical energy converter and the flat speaker, for receiving a signal from a sound source and driving the flat speaker to generate a corresponding sound signal according to the received signal by using the electrical power. 2. The electroacoustic apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the flat speaker, the optical energy converter, and the signal generator are disposed as stacked layers so as to allow the electroacoustic apparatus to have a flexible feature. 3. The electroacoustic apparatus according to claim 2, wherein the signal generator is disposed between the flat speaker and the optical energy converter. 4. The electroacoustic apparatus according to claim 3 further comprising a filling disposed between the flat speaker and the signal generator. 5. The electroacoustic apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the flat speaker further comprises a supporting member layer disposed in the chamber between the metal electrode and the electret vibrating film structure, and the supporting member layer enhances the sympathetic vibration generated through the interaction between the metal electrode and the electret vibrating film structure. 6. The electroacoustic apparatus according to claim 1 further comprising a protection layer disposed on the first side surface and the second side surface of the electroacoustic apparatus, wherein the protection layer covers the optical energy converter and the flat speaker. 7. The electroacoustic apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the optical energy converter comprises a photovoltaic material for converting optical energy into electrical power. 8. The electroacoustic apparatus according to claim 7, wherein the photovoltaic material is amorphous silicon for converting ambient light into electrical power. 9. The electroacoustic apparatus according to claim 7, wherein the photovoltaic material is single crystal silicon or amorphous silicon for converting solar light into electrical power. 10. The electroacoustic apparatus according to claim 1 further comprising a power supply device, wherein the power supply device receives the electrical power generated by the optical energy converter and supplies a stable power to the signal generator. 11. The electroacoustic apparatus according to claim 10, wherein the power supply device comprises: a conversion unit, coupled to the optical energy converter and the signal generator, for converting the electrical power generated by the optical energy converter into the stable power and supplying the stable power to the signal generator; a battery, coupled to the conversion unit and the optical energy converter, for storing the electrical power generated by the optical energy converter and supplying a battery power to the signal generator through the conversion unit; a power supply monitoring unit, coupled to the battery, the optical energy converter, and the signal generator, for controlling supply of the stable power or the battery power; and a power switching unit, coupled to the power supply monitoring unit, for controlling the power supply monitoring unit to start or stop supplying the stable power or the battery power to the signal generator. 12. The electroacoustic apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the signal generator comprises: a radio receiving unit, for receiving a radio signal from a radio station to generate the corresponding sound signal; and a frequency adjusting unit, for adjusting a frequency of the radio signal received by the radio receiving unit. 13. The electroacoustic apparatus according to claim 12, wherein the signal generator comprises: a storage unit, for storing an sound information; and a play unit, for accessing the sound information in the storage unit to generate the corresponding sound signal. 