In one aspect of the present invention, a solar energy collection system that includes multiple longitudinally adjacent collectors is described. The collectors are coupled end to end to form a collector row. The collector row extends along a longitudinal axis and is arranged to rotate about a pivot axis to track the sun in at least one dimension. Each collector includes a reflector, one or more solar receivers and a support structure. The support structure includes a tube assembly that underlies the reflector. The tube assemblies of the collector row are arranged end to end along the longitudinal axis. There is a space between the tube assemblies of adjacent collectors in the collector row, where the reflectors of the adjacent collectors extend beyond the underlying tube assemblies to form a substantially continuous reflective surface over the space. A coupling device is positioned in the space between the tube assemblies. The coupling device connects and helps to rotate the tube assemblies of the adjacent collectors. Some embodiments relate to various types of coupling devices and collector arrangements.
Claims 1. A solar energy collection system that includes a collector row that extends along a longitudinal axis and tracks the sun in at least one dimension by rotating about a pivot axis, the solar energy collection system comprising: a plurality of longitudinally adjacent collectors that are coupled end to end along the longitudinal axis to form the collector row, each collector comprising: a reflector; at least one solar receiver; and a support structure that supports the at least one solar receiver and the reflector, the support structure including a tube assembly that underlies the reflector, the tube assemblies of the collector row arranged end to end along the longitudinal axis, there being a space between the tube assemblies of adjacent collectors in the collector row, wherein the reflectors of the adjacent collectors extend beyond the underlying tube assemblies to form a substantially continuous reflective surface over the space; and a coupling device that is positioned in the space between the tube assemblies, the coupling device connecting and arranged to help rotate the tube assemblies of the adjacent collectors. 2. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 1, wherein the reflectors of the collectors in the collector row are arranged to form a substantially continuous flux line on the at least one receiver. 3. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 1, wherein a gap between the reflectors of adjacent collectors in the collector row is less than approximately 10 millimeters. 4. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 1, wherein: each solar receiver includes one or more photovoltaic cells; and a gap between the reflectors of the adjacent collectors is less than at least one of a group consisting of: 1) approximately 30% of the width of one of the photovoltaic cells; 2) approximately 20% of the width of one of the photovoltaic cells; and 3) approximately 10% of the width of one of the photovoltaic cells. 5. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 1, wherein the reflectors of the collector row are arranged to have a range of tilt angles that are at least one of a group consisting of: 1) at least .+-.85.degree. around the pivot axis; 2) at least .+-.80.degree. around the pivot axis; 3) at least .+-.75.degree. around the pivot axis; and 4) at least .+-.70.degree. around the pivot axis. 6. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 5, comprising: a plurality of mounting posts that support the tube assemblies of the collector row, each mounting post having a dogleg that is arranged to allow the reflectors of the collector row to tilt up to at least .+-.85.degree. around the pivot axis without coming in direct contact with the mounting post. 7. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 1, wherein a gap between the reflectors of adjacent collectors is covered with a splice, the splice and the reflectors arranged to reflect light to form a substantially continuous flux line on the at least one receiver, the splice being coupled with the reflectors such that movement of the reflectors along the longitudinal axis is allowed. 8. A solar energy collection system that includes a collector row that extends along a longitudinal axis and tracks the sun in at least one dimension by rotating about a pivot axis, the solar energy collection system comprising: a plurality of longitudinally adjacent collectors that are coupled end to end along the longitudinal axis to form the collector row, the collector row including at least adjacent first and second collectors, each collector comprising: a reflector; at least one solar receiver; and a support structure that supports the at least one receiver and the reflector; and a drive coupling device that connects the adjacent first and second collectors, the drive coupling device arranged to apply rotational torque to help rotate the reflectors of the adjacent first and second collectors, wherein the drive coupling device includes a motor that is arranged to rotate together with the reflectors of the first and second collectors. 9. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 8, wherein: the support structure of each collector further includes a tube assembly that underlies the reflector of the collector, wherein the tube assemblies of the collector are positioned end to end along the longitudinal axis; and the drive coupling device further includes a slew drive that is coupled with and driven by the motor, the slew drive arranged to apply rotational torque to the tube assemblies of the adjacent first and second collectors. 10. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 9, wherein the slew drive includes a stationary portion and a rotatable portion, the rotatable portion being coupled to and arranged to rotate tube assemblies of the adjacent first and second collectors. 11. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 10, wherein the motor is attached to the rotatable portion of the slew drive and is arranged to rotate together with the rotatable portion. 12. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 10, further comprising a mounting post that supports the drive coupling device, the mounting post including a bottom end and a top end, wherein the bottom end of the mounting post is mounted on the ground and the top end of the mounting post is attached with the stationary portion of the slew drive. 13. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 12, further comprising: a coupler that is attached to the rotatable portion of the slew drive; and an end bracket that is attached with the coupler and with the tube assembly of one of the collectors, wherein the coupler, end bracket and slew drive are coupled with one another using fasteners without any welding. 14. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 13, wherein at least one of a group consisting of the slew drive, the end bracket and the coupler include at least one alignment feature, each alignment feature including an alignment hole and a precision dowel arranged to hold together adjacent parts of the collector. 15. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 9, further comprising a planetary drive that is coupled with the motor and the slew drive, the planetary drive arranged to reduce the rotational speed of the motor to a speed appropriate for driving the collector row. 16. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 9, wherein the plurality of collectors further includes a third collector, the solar energy collection system further comprising: a non-drive coupling device that couples the tube assembly of the third collector with the tube assembly of the first collector to extend the collector row in the longitudinal direction, the non-drive coupling device arranged to transfer rotational torque from the rotation of the tube assembly of the first collector to the tube assembly of the third collector. 17. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 16, wherein the non-drive coupling device includes a transfer arm that helps connect the tube assemblies of the first and third collectors, the transfer arm including one or more flexible portions that allow the transfer arm to move in the longitudinal direction to help compensate for differential thermal expansion along the length of the collector row. 18. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 16, comprising: a mounting post that supports the drive coupling device; and a bushing block that is positioned on the mounting post and that includes a hole, wherein the non-drive coupling device further includes a shaft that is coupled with the first collector and the transfer arm, the shaft extending through the hole in the bushing block, the shaft and the transfer arm being arranged such that substantially more of the weight of the tube assembly is carried by the bushing block through the shaft than by the transfer arm. 19. A solar energy collection system that includes a collector row that extends along a longitudinal axis and tracks the sun in at least one dimension by rotating about a pivot axis, the solar energy collection system comprising: a plurality of longitudinally adjacent collectors including first, second and third collectors that are coupled end to end along the longitudinal axis to form a collector row, each collector comprising: a reflector; at least one receiver; and a support structure that supports the at least one receiver and the reflector, the support structure including a tube assembly that underlies the reflector, the tube assemblies of the collector row arranged end to end along the longitudinal axis, there being a space between the tube assemblies of adjacent collectors in the collector row, wherein the reflectors of the adjacent collectors extend beyond the underlying tube assemblies to form a substantially continuous reflective surface over the space such that a gap between the reflectors of the adjacent collectors is less than approximately 10 millimeters; a drive coupling device that is positioned between the tube assemblies of the adjacent first and second collectors, the drive coupling device including a motor and a slew drive that is coupled with and driven by the motor, the slew drive being attached with and arranged to rotate the tube assemblies and reflectors of the first and second collectors, wherein the motor is arranged to rotate together with the tube assemblies of the first and second collectors; and a non-drive coupling device that couples the tube assembly of the third collector with the tube assembly of the first collector to extend the collector row in the longitudinal direction, wherein the non-drive coupling device is arrange to transfer rotational torque from the rotation of the tube assembly of the first collector to the tube assembly of the third collector. 