An exemplary embodiment may be directed to a ventilation system including a fan assembly coupled within said interior opening and fully supported on a window pane. The fan assembly includes a fan coupled to a motor and a flap movable from a substantially closed and sealed position to an open position, wherein the open position is characterized wherein a quantity of air can move through said fan assembly from a first side of the window pane through said flap to a second side of the window pane as directed by the rotating fan. The fan assembly also includes at least one solar collector electrically coupled to the motor for receiving and converting sunlight to electrical energy for powering the motor to rotate the fan.
Claims 1. A ventilation system comprising: a window pane having a first side and a second side and a peripheral edge, said window pane including an interior opening extending between said first side and said second side and spaced from said peripheral edge; a fan assembly coupled within said interior opening and fully supported on said window pane, said fan assembly including a fan coupled to a motor, said motor capable of being powered to rotate said fan, said fan assembly further including a flap movable from a substantially closed and sealed position to an open position, wherein said open position is characterized wherein a quantity of air can move through said fan assembly from said first side through said flap to said second side as directed by said rotating fan, said fan assembly further including at least one solar collector electrically coupled to said motor for receiving and converting sunlight to electrical energy for powering said motor to rotate said fan. 2. The ventilation system of claim 1, wherein said flap is movable from said substantially closed and sealed position to said open position when a fan rotational speed reaches a predetermined threshold speed. 3. The ventilation system of claim 1, wherein said fan assembly further comprises a thermostat electrically coupled to said motor, said thermostat capable of measuring a temperature within said fan assembly, said thermostat capable of directing said motor between an on position and an off position as a function of said measured temperature, wherein said on position allows said motor to be powered to rotate said fan and wherein said off position prevents said motor from being powered to rotate said fan. 4. The ventilation system of claim 1, wherein said fan assembly further comprises a battery electrically coupled to said at least one solar collector and said motor, said battery capable of storing said electrical energy from said at least one solar collector and subsequently providing said electrical energy for powering said motor to rotate said fan. 5. A vehicle comprising: a vehicle body having a plurality of window openings; a window pane coupled within each respective one of said plurality of window openings, each of said respective window panes including an interior side and an exterior side and a peripheral edge, said interior side being associated with a passenger compartment of the vehicle and said exterior side being associated with an exterior of the vehicle, at least one of said window panes including an interior opening extending between said first side and said second side and spaced apart from said peripheral edge; a fan assembly coupled within said interior opening and fully supported on said window pane, said fan assembly including a fan coupled to a motor, said motor capable of being powered to rotate said fan, said fan assembly further including a flap movable from a substantially closed and sealed position to an open position, wherein said open position is characterized wherein a quantity of air can move through said fan assembly between said passenger compartment and said exterior of the vehicle as directed by said rotating fan. 6. The vehicle of claim 5, wherein said rotating fan is configured to move air from said passenger compartment to said exterior. 7. The vehicle of claim 5, wherein said rotating fan is configured to introduce air to said passenger compartment from said exterior. 8. The vehicle of claim 5, wherein said fan assembly includes at least one solar collector electrically coupled to said motor for receiving and converting sunlight to electrical energy for powering said motor to rotate said fan. 9. The vehicle of claim 8, wherein said fan assembly further comprises a battery electrically coupled to said at least one solar collector and said motor, said battery capable of storing said electrical energy from said at least one solar collector and subsequently providing said electrical energy to power said motor to rotate said fan. 10. The vehicle claim 5, wherein said fan assembly further comprises a thermostat electrically coupled to said motor, said thermostat capable of directing said motor between an on position and an off position as a function of said measured temperature, wherein said on position allows said motor to be powered to rotate said fan and wherein said off position prevents said motor from being powered to rotate said fan. 11. The vehicle of claim 5 further comprising a second fan assembly coupled within an interior portion of another of said window panes, said second fan assembly including a second fan coupled to a second motor, said second motor capable of being powered to rotate said second fan, said second fan assembly further including a second flap movable from a substantially closed and sealed position to an open position, wherein said open position is characterized wherein a quantity of air can move between said interior portion and said exterior as directed by said rotating fan. 12. The vehicle of claim 5, further comprising: a second fan assembly coupled within a second interior opening in said window pane, said second fan assembly including a second fan coupled to a second motor, said second motor capable of rotating said second fan, said second fan assembly further including a second flap movable from a second substantially closed and sealed position to a second open position, wherein said second open position is characterized wherein a quantity of air can move through said second fan assembly between said passenger compartment and said exterior of the vehicle as directed by said rotating second fan. 13. A method for ventilating a passenger compartment of a vehicle with an exterior of the vehicle when the vehicle is not in operation, the method comprising: providing the vehicle having a plurality of window openings; mounting a window pane within each respective one of said plurality of window openings, said window pane having a first side and a second side and a peripheral edge, said second side being associated with the exterior of the vehicle and said first side being associated with the passenger compartment of the vehicle; introducing an interior opening within at least one of said window panes and spaced from said peripheral edge, said interior opening extending from said first side to said second side; coupling a fan assembly within said at least one interior opening, said fan assembly including a fan coupled to a motor, said fan assembly further including a flap movable from a substantially closed and sealed position to an open position; and powering said motor to rotate said fan to allow a quantity of air to move between the passenger compartment and the exterior of the vehicle when said flap is in said open position. 14. The method of claim 13 further comprising: coupling at least one solar collector to said fan assembly; electrically coupling said at least one solar collector to said motor; receiving sunlight within said at least one solar collector; and converting said sunlight to electrical energy, wherein said electrical energy is used to power said motor to rotate said fan. 15. The method of claim 13 further comprising: electrically coupling a battery to said at least one solar collector and to said motor; storing said quantity of electrical energy supplied by said at least one solar collector; and introducing said quantity of electrical energy from said battery to said motor to power said motor to rotate said fan. 16. The method of claim 13 further comprising: coupling a thermostat to said motor, said thermostat measuring a temperature within the passenger compartment of the vehicle; and powering said motor to rotate said fan when said temperature within the passenger compartment reaches a predetermined temperature. 17. The method of claim 13, wherein said rotating fan is configured to move air from said passenger compartment to said exterior. 18. The method of claim 13, wherein rotating fan is configured to move air from said exterior to said passenger compartment. 19. The method of claim 13 further comprising: introducing a second interior opening within an interior portion of at least one of said window panes, said second interior opening being spaced from said peripheral edge and extending from said first side to said second side; coupling a second fan assembly within each respective second interior opening, said second fan assembly including a second fan coupled to a second motor, said second motor capable of being powered to rotate said second fan, said second fan assembly further including a second flap movable from a substantially closed and sealed position to an open position; and powering said second motor to rotate said second fan to move a second quantity of air between the passenger compartment and the exterior of the vehicle when said second flap is in said open position. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein said first fan is configured to move said quantity of air from the passenger compartment to the exterior of the vehicle and wherein said second fan is configured to move said second quantity of air from the exterior to the passenger compartment of the vehicle. 