A vehicle multi-energy illuminating system is disclosed. The system having at least one multi-energy source module configured to collect waste energy from a vehicle headlamp, the at least one a multi-energy source module having at least one photovoltaic device configured to collect infrared energy and at least one photovoltaic device configured to collect visible light energy from the vehicle headlamp: at least one solar energy source module configured to collect visible light energy not generated from the vehicle headlamp bulb; a rechargeable battery coupled to the least one multi-energy source module and the at least one solar energy source module, the rechargeable battery being configured to collect and store the waste energy from the headlamp bulb and the visible light energy not generated from the vehicle headlamp bulb; a safety light; a light sensor; and a microcontroller coupled to the rechargeable battery, the safety light and the light sensor, wherein the microcontroller illuminates the safety light by coupling the safety light to the rechargeable battery when the light sensor provides a signal to the microcontroller indicating that detected light is below a predetermined value.
Claims 1. A vehicle multi-energy illuminating system, comprising: at least one multi-energy source module configured to collect waste energy from a vehicle headlamp bulb, the at least one a multi-energy source module having at least one photovoltaic device configured to collect infrared energy and at least one photovoltaic device configured to collect visible light energy from the vehicle headlamp bulb: at least one solar energy source module configured to collect visible light energy not generated from the vehicle headlamp bulb; a rechargeable battery coupled to the least one multi-energy source module and the at least one solar energy source module, the rechargeable battery being configured to collect and store the waste energy from the headlamp bulb and the visible light energy not generated from the vehicle headlamp bulb; a safety light; a light sensor; and a microcontroller coupled to the rechargeable battery, the safety light and the light sensor, wherein the microcontroller illuminates the safety light by coupling the safety light to the rechargeable battery when the light sensor provides a signal to the microcontroller indicating that detected light is below a predetermined value. 2. The vehicle multi-energy illuminating system as in claim 1, wherein the microcontroller is coupled to the vehicle headlamp and wherein the safety light is not illuminated if the vehicle headlamp is illuminated. 3. The vehicle multi-energy illuminating system as in claim 1, wherein the vehicle headlamp bulb is located next to the at least one multi-energy source module and the least one solar energy source module. 4. The vehicle multi-energy illuminating system as in claim 3, wherein the microcontroller is coupled to the vehicle headlamp and wherein the safety light is not illuminated if the vehicle headlamp is illuminated. 5. The vehicle multi-energy illuminating system as in claim 1, wherein the microcontroller monitors energy collected by the at least one multi-energy source module and the at least one solar energy source module by measuring a voltage drop across a measurement resistor, wherein the voltage drop is provided to and amplified by an operational amplifier coupled to the microcontroller, wherein the microcontroller is configured to determine the amount of energy delivered to the rechargeable battery by using the measured voltage drop. 6. The vehicle multi-energy illuminating system as in claim 1, wherein the microcontroller is configured to measure the amount of energy provided to the safety light by the rechargeable battery by measuring a voltage drop across a measurement resistor, and the measured voltage drop is provided to and amplified by an operational amplifier coupled to the microcontroller, wherein the microcontroller is configured to determine the amount of energy delivered by the rechargeable battery by using the measured voltage drop. 7. The vehicle multi-energy illuminating system as in claim 1, wherein the at least one multi-energy source module further comprises infrared flat nanoantenna electromagnetic collectors with embedded rectifiers configured to convert the waste infrared energy of the vehicle headlamp bulb into electricity. 8. The vehicle multi-energy illuminating system as in claim 1, wherein the vehicle headlamp bulb is [partially] surrounded by surfaces of infrared flat nanoantenna electromagnetic collectors, which are configured to convert the waste infrared energy of the vehicle headlamp bulb into electricity and comprise a portion of a reflector of the vehicle headlamp. 9. A vehicle headlamp assembly, comprising: a lamp having a reflector surface; at least one multi-energy source module comprising a portion of the reflector surface and configured to collect waste energy from the lamp, the at least one a multi-energy source module having at least one photovoltaic device configured to collect infrared energy and at least one photovoltaic device configured to collect visible light energy from the lamp: at least one solar energy source module configured to collect through openings in the headlamp assembly light energy not generated from the lamp; at least one vehicle safety light configured to be powered by at least one multi-energy source module and at the least one solar energy source module; microcontroller configured to monitor amount of energy collected by the at least one multi-energy source module and the at least one solar energy source module and amount of energy delivered by the rechargeable battery to the safety light and configured to transmit the residual of the collected energy to power any electrical energy consumer line of the vehicle electrical system or save it in the same; and a rechargeable battery coupled to the least one multi-energy source module and the at least one solar energy source module, the rechargeable battery being configured to collect and store the waste energy from the lamp and the visible light energy not generated from the vehicle lamp. 10. The vehicle headlamp assembly as in claim 9, wherein the at least one multi-energy source module further comprises infrared flat nanoantenna electromagnetic collectors with embedded rectifiers configured to convert the waste infrared energy of the lamp into electricity. 11. A method of illuminating a safety light of a vehicle comprising: collecting waste energy from a vehicle headlamp bulb with at least one multi-energy source module, the at least one a multi-energy source module having at least one photovoltaic device configured to collect infrared energy from the vehicle headlamp bulb and at least one photovoltaic device configured to collect visible light energy from the vehicle headlamp bulb: collecting visible light energy not generated from the vehicle headlamp bulb with at least one solar energy source module; storing the collected solar energy and the collected waste energy in a rechargeable battery coupled to the least one multi-energy source module and the at least one solar energy source module, the rechargeable battery being electrically coupled to the at least one solar energy module and the at least one multi-energy source module; and illuminating a safety light by coupling the rechargeable battery to the safety light when a light sensor provides a signal indicative of light below a predetermined value, wherein the rechargeable battery, the safety light, the light sensor, the at least one solar energy module and the at least one multi-energy source module are coupled to a microcontroller, wherein the microcontroller illuminates the safety light by coupling the safety light to the rechargeable battery when the light sensor provides the signal to the microcontroller indicating that detected light is below the predetermined value. 12. The method as claim 11, wherein the microcontroller is coupled to the vehicle headlamp and wherein the safety light is not illuminated if the vehicle headlamp is illuminated. 13. The method as in claim 11, wherein the vehicle headlamp bulb is located next to the at least one multi-energy source module and the least one solar energy source module. 14. The method as in claim 13, wherein the microcontroller is coupled to the vehicle headlamp and wherein the safety light is not illuminated if the vehicle headlamp is illuminated. 15. The method as in claim 11, wherein the microcontroller monitors energy collected by the at least one multi-energy source module and the at least one solar energy source module by measuring a voltage drop across a measurement resistor, wherein the voltage drop is provided to and amplified by an operational amplifier coupled to the microcontroller, wherein the microcontroller is configured to determine the amount of energy delivered to the rechargeable battery by using the measured voltage drop. 16. The method as in claim 11, wherein the microcontroller is configured to measure the amount of energy provided to the safety light by the rechargeable battery by measuring a voltage drop across a measurement resistor, and the measured voltage drop is provided to and amplified by an operational amplifier coupled to the microcontroller, wherein the microcontroller is configured to determine the amount of energy delivered by the rechargeable battery by using the measured voltage drop. 17. The method as in claim 11, wherein the at least one multi-energy source module further comprises infrared flat nanoantenna electromagnetic collectors with embedded rectifiers configured to convert the waste infrared energy of the vehicle headlamp bulb into electricity. 18. The method as in claim 11, wherein the vehicle headlamp bulb is partially surrounded by surfaces of infrared flat nanoantenna electromagnetic collectors with embedded rectifiers, which are configured to convert the waste infrared energy of the vehicle headlamp bulb into electricity and comprise a portion of a reflector of the vehicle headlamp. 19. The method as in claim 11, wherein the microcontroller configured to monitor amount of energy collected by the at least one multi-energy source module and the at least one solar energy source module and amount of energy delivered by the rechargeable battery to the safety light and configured to transmit the residual of the collected energy to power any electrical energy consumer line of the vehicle electrical system or save it in the same. 20. The method as in claim 11 further comprises using Multi-Energy Illuminating Technology for: collecting waste energy from a vehicle devices that is not electrical energy delivered from the vehicle electrical system; collecting energy from an outside of a vehicle that is not electrical energy; transforming this collected not electrical energy to electricity; storing the transformed energy; monitoring by a microcontroller an amount of energy collected and an amount of energy delivered to the safety light; and transmitting a residual of the collected energy to power any electrical energy consumer line of the vehicle electrical system or save it in the same. 