A method and a modular direct current power distribution system. A distribution panel may receive alternating current power with a voltage range between 200 volts and 15000 volts. A modular rectifier may convert the alternating current power from the distribution panel to direct current power with a range of 250 volts to 600 volts. An end feed box may receive alternative energy power from an alternative energy power source. A power pathway module may distribute the direct current power from the modular rectifier to a set of information and communication technology equipment. An electrical protection system may guard against electrical damage.
Claims 1. A method to distribute direct current power using a modular direct current power distribution system, comprising: receiving alternating current power in a modular rectifier with a voltage range between 200 volts and 15000 volts; converting the alternating current power using the modular rectifier to the direct current power with a range of 250 volts to 600 volts; and distributing the direct current power from the modular rectifier to a set of information and communication technology equipment via a power pathway module. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising: receiving alternative energy power in an end feed box from an alternative energy power source; distributing the alternative energy power from the end feed box to the set of electrical devices via the power pathway module. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising: guarding against electrical damage with an electrical protection system. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising: stabilizing the direct current power using an energy storage module having at least one of a flywheel, ultra-capacitor, and a large grid edge scale energy storage. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising: converting the direct current power with a range of 250 volts to 600 volts to a nominal 380 direct current voltage power for transmission to the set of information and communication technology equipment. 6. The method of claim 5, further comprising: transmitting the nominal 380 direct current voltage power to the set of information and communication technology equipment using a 200 ampere maximum plug strip power distribution units. 7. A modular direct current power distribution system, comprising: an alternating current distribution panel that receives alternating current power with a voltage range between 200 volts and 15000 volts; a modular rectifier that converts the alternating current power from the distribution panel to direct current power with a range of 250 volts to 600 volts; an end feed box that receives a power pathway module that distributes the direct current power from the modular rectifier to a set of information and communication technology equipment; and an electrical protection system that guards against electrical damage. 8. The modular direct current power distribution system of claim 7, wherein the electrical protection system has at least one of fast acting circuit breaker, a blocking diode, a spring activated latching connector, a voltage meter, a current meter, a power meter, center tap ground with impedance center tap ground, a leakage current sensor, and fast acting fusing. 9. The modular direct current power distribution system of claim 7, further comprising: a power quality monitoring module for multiple system point monitoring of alternate current power and direct current power. 10. The modular direct current power distribution system of claim 7, further comprising: a safety plug connector with a spring loaded hasp and pilot circuit to connect the power pathway module to an electronic device of the set of information and communication technology equipment. 11. The modular direct current power distribution system of claim 7, further comprising: a plug-in unit circuit drop box, equipped with a shunt trip breaker, a direct current rated fuse, and a drop cord, to connect the power pathway module to an electronic device of the set of information and communication technology equipment. 12. The modular direct current power distribution system of claim 7, further comprising: an equipment rack with a door connected to a shunt trip circuit to shunt trip the direct current power from the power pathway module when the door is open. 13. The modular direct current power distribution system of claim 12, further comprising: an internal power converter that converts the direct current power with a range of 250 volts to 600 volts to an internal direct current power with a range of 2 volts to 60 volts for internal utilization. 14. The modular direct current power distribution system of claim 13, further comprising: an internal remote battery pack that provides system back-up power. 15. The modular direct current power distribution system of claim 12, further comprising: a battery pack mounting rack module to hold an individual battery pack for an electronic device of the set of information and communication technology equipment. 16. The modular direct current power distribution system of claim 15, further comprising: an internal monitoring module to check battery health of the individual battery pack. 17. The modular direct current power distribution system of claim 15, further comprising: a fault activated current and voltage limiting control module to isolate and disconnect a short circuit. 18. A modular direct current power distribution system, comprising: a distribution panel that receives alternating current power with a voltage range between 200 volts and 15000 volts; a modular rectifier that converts the alternating current power from the distribution panel to direct current power with a range of 250 volts to 600 volts; an end feed box that receives alternative energy power from an alternative energy power source; a power pathway module that distributes the direct current power from the modular rectifier to a set of information and communication technology equipment. 19. The modular direct current power distribution system of claim 18, wherein the alternative energy power source is at least one of a solar cell, a wind turbine, a fuel cell, a zinc-bromine battery, and an engine generator. 20. The modular direct current power distribution system of claim 18, wherein the power pathway module is a four bar busway. 