A system for providing power from a direct current (DC) source to the power grid. The system includes a first inverter with an input and an output. The input is adapted to connect to the DC source. A first switch disposed between the output and the power grid. A second inverter with a DC terminal and an AC terminal, the AC terminal is adapted to connect in parallel with the output of the first inverter. A battery adapted to connect to the DC terminal of the second inverter. A second switch connected between the DC terminal of the second inverter and the input of the first inverter. The second switch also operatively connects the DC source to the battery. The system may further include a charging circuit adapted to be disposed between the input and the DC terminal and a load adapted to connect to the output.
Claims 1. A system for providing power from a direct current (DC) source to the power grid, the system comprising: a first inverter with an input and an output, wherein the input is adapted to connect to the DC source; a first switch disposed between the output and the power grid; a second inverter with a DC terminal and an alternating current (AC) terminal, wherein the AC terminal is adapted to connect in parallel with the output of the first inverter; a battery adapted to connect to the DC terminal of the second inverter; and a second switch connected between the DC terminal of the second inverter and the input of the first inverter, wherein said second switch also operatively connects said DC source to said battery. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a charging circuit adapted to be disposed between the input and the DC terminal. 3. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a load adapted to connect to said output. 4. A method using a hybrid photovoltaic system including a first inverter with an input and an output, a direct current (DC) source connected to the input, a first switch disposed between the output and the power grid, a second inverter with a DC terminal and a AC terminal, the AC terminal is connected in parallel with the output of the first inverter, a battery adapted to connect to the DC terminal, a load connected to the output and the AC terminal, a second switch disposed between the DC terminal and the input, the method comprising: during off-grid operation, when power grid is not supplying power, sensing absence of the power grid; disconnecting the power grid from said output and said AC terminal with said first switch, wherein said disconnecting is based on said sensing; connecting the DC source to the DC terminal with said second switch, thereby shunting said input of said first inverter with said DC terminal of said second inverter; converting power on said DC terminal of said second inverter to an output power on said AC terminal of said second inverter, wherein said output power provides a local grid to said load and said output; and controlling voltage of said input of said first inverter to a voltage value based on said output power of said second inverter. 5. The method of claim 4, further comprising: signaling from said second inverter, thereby controlling said sensing, said disconnecting, said connecting the DC source to the DC terminal and said converting power. 6. The method of claim 4, further comprising: disconnecting with the second switch, the DC source from the DC terminal, when a difference between voltage of said input and said voltage value exceeds a predetermined value. 7. The method of claim 4, wherein said connecting allows said DC source to charge said battery. 8. The method of claim 4, wherein said controlling is performed by said first inverter. 9. The method of claim 4, wherein said controlling is performed by a circuit connected in series between said second switch and said DC terminal of said second inverter. 10. The method of claim 4, wherein said controlling is from a parameter of said local grid. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein said parameter is selected by said backup inverter. 12. The method of claim 10, wherein said parameter is selected from the group consisting of: a frequency, a phase angle, a voltage or a current. 13. The method of claim 4, the method comprising: during on-grid operation when power grid is available: sensing presence of said power grid; disconnecting said DC source from said DC terminal of said second inverter with said second switch based on said sensing. connecting said output and said AC terminal to said power grid with said first switch; and converting power on said input of said first inverter to an output power on said output of said first inverter. 14. The method of claim 13, further comprising: supplying said output power by said first inverter to both said power grid and a load. 15. The method of claim 13, further comprising: converting power at said AC terminal of said second inverter to a power at said DC terminal of said second inverter. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising: charging said battery from said power. 17. A power system comprising: a power inverter; a backup inverter, wherein said power inverter and said backup inverter are interconnected at the respective outputs; a DC source; and a switch adapted to interconnect the inputs of the power inverter and the backup inverter and to connect the inputs to the DC source when a power grid is not available, and when said power grid is available said switch is adapted to disconnect the input of the backup inverter from the DC source. 18. The power system of claim 17, further comprising: a second switch adapted to connect the outputs of said power inverter and said backup inverter to said power grid when said power grid is available, and when said power grid is not available said second switch adapted to disconnect the outputs of said backup inverter and said power inverter from said power grid. 19. The power system of claim 17, further comprising: a charging circuit adapted to be disposed between the DC source and the input of the backup inverter. 20. The power system of claim 17. further comprising: a battery connected in parallel at the input of the backup inverter. 