To be able to accurately adjust an angle using a simple operation when mounting a groove machining tool into a holder, there is provided a groove machining tool for use with a thin-film solar cell. The groove machining tool is retained by a holder, is caused to move together with the holder over a thin film of an integrated thin-film solar cell in one direction, and forms a groove on the thin film extending in one direction and has a tool body. The blade tip part is formed on a tip end of the tool body and has blade tips for machining grooves disposed at a tip end. An angle regulation unit is disposed on the tool body so that the blade tip part is fixed in a predetermined orientation with regard to the direction of formation of the groove when being retained by the holder.
Claims 1. A machining tool retained in a holder and caused to move together with the holder in one direction over a thin film of an integrated thin-film solar cell to form a groove extending in the one direction on the thin film, the groove machining tool comprising: a tool body retained in the holder; a blade tip part formed on a tip end part of the tool body and provided with a blade for machining the groove, the blade being disposed at a tip end of the blade tip part; and an angle regulation unit being disposed on the tool body so that the blade tip part is fixed in a predetermined orientation with regard to the direction of formation of the groove when being retained by the holder. 2. The groove machining tool for use with a thin-film solar cell according to claim I, wherein the blade tip part extends with the same width over a predetermined length along the direction of formation of the groove on the thin film, and the angle regulation unit aligns in the direction of extension of the blade tip part with the direction of formation of the groove when the tool body is retained by the holder. 3. The groove machining tool for use with a thin-film solar cell according to claim 2, wherein the blade tip part extends over the entire width of the tool body. 4. The groove machining tool for use with a thin-film solar cell according to claim 1, wherein the angle regulation unit is structured by making at least one portion of the tool body into a rectangular shape. 5. The groove machining tool for use with a thin-film solar cell according to claim 4, wherein the entirety of the tool body is rectangularly shaped and has one portion functioning as the angle regulation unit. 6. A mounting angel regulation structure for which a machining tool for forming a groove extending in one direction over a thin film of an integrated thin-film solar cell is attached to a holder at a predetermined mounting angle, the mounting angle regulation structure comprising: a tool-side angle regulation unit formed in the groove machining tool; a holder-side angle regulation unit formed in the holder and used to regulate the mounting angle of the groove machining tool with regard to the holder to a predetermined angle, the groove machining tool including a tool body retained in the holder, and a blade tip part formed on a tip end part of the tool body and provided with a blade tip for machining the groove, the blade tip being disposed at a tip end of the blade tip part; and an angle regulation unit disposed on the tool body so that the blade tip part is fixed in a predetermined orientation with regard to the direction of formation of the groove when being retained by the holder. 7. The mounting angle regulation structure of a groove machining tool for use with a thin-film solar cell according to claim 6, wherein the blade tip part extends with the same width over a predetermined length along the direction of formation of the groove, and the tool-side angle regulation unit aligns the direction of extension of the blade tip part with the direction of formation of the groove when the tool body is retained by the holder. 8. The mounting angle regulation structure of a groove machining tool for use with a thin-film solar cell according to claim 6, wherein the tool-side angle regulation unit is configured such that at least part or all of the tool body is formed in a rectangular shape, and the holder-side angle regulation unit is a rectangularly shaped groove into which the rectangularly shaped tool-side angle regulation unit fits. 9. The mounting angle regulation structure of a groove machining tool for use with a thin-film solar cell according to claim 6, wherein the tool-body-side angle regulation unit is formed on an end part of the tool body and is a groove formed so as to be parallel with the direction of formation of the groove, and the holder-side angle regulation unit is a pin joined with the groove formed the an end part of the tool body. 10. The mounting angle regulation structure of a groove machining tool for use with a thin-film solar cell according to claim 6, wherein the tool-body-side angle regulation unit is formed on an end part of the tool body and is a tilted surface tilted with regard to the axis of the tool body; and the holder-side angle regulation unit includes a regulation surface abutting with the tilted surface. 11. The mounting angle regulation structure of a groove machining tool for use with a thin-film solar cell according to claim 6, wherein the tool body is formed into a circular bar shape, the tool-side angle regulation unit includes a flat surface formed on one portion of the tool body, the holder includes a hole into which the tool body is inserted, and the holder-side angle regulation unit includes a screw hole orthogonal to the hole in the holder and a screw member screwed into the screw hole, the tip end thereof abutting with the flat surface of the tool-side angle regulation unit. 