A mobile power system comprises a plurality of energy sources, wherein at least one energy source is a solar powered generating device and at least one energy source is a wind powered generating device; a plurality of electronic and telecommunications components configured to receive the power generated by the plurality of energy sources and/or convert the power generated to direct current power; a plurality of batteries configured to store the direct current power; and one or more transportable housings configured to hold the plurality of energy sources, the plurality of electronic and telecommunications, and the plurality of batteries during transport of the housing, and wherein the at least one solar powered energy device and the at least one wind powered generating device are disposed remotely from the housing when the mobile power system is in operation.
Claims 1. A mobile power system, comprising: a plurality of energy sources, wherein at least one energy source is a solar powered generating device and at least one energy source is a wind powered generating device; a plurality of electronic and telecommunications components configured to receive the power generated by the plurality of energy sources and/or convert the power generated to direct current power; a plurality of batteries configured to store the direct current power; and one or more transportable housings configured to hold the plurality of energy sources, the plurality of electronic and telecommunications, and the plurality of batteries during transport of the housing, and wherein the at least one solar powered energy device and the at least one wind powered generating device are configured for remote disposition from the housing when the mobile power system is in operation. 2. The mobile power system of claim 1, wherein the one or more transportable housings comprise a first end, a second end opposite the first end, a top wall, a first side wall, a second side wall opposite the first side wall, a bottom wall, and at least one opening disposed in the first end, the second end, the first side wall, the second side wall, the top wall, or a combination comprising at least one of the foregoing. 3. The mobile power system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the one or more transportable housings comprises a first section disposed in a rearmost portion of the housing opposite the at least one opening, wherein the first section is configured to be a control room for housing at least one of the plurality of electronic and telecommunications components. 4. The mobile power system of claim 3, wherein the control room further comprises a cooling unit disposed in an end or wall of the housing at the rearmost portion, wherein the cooling unit is configured to control a temperature and humidity in the control room. 5. The mobile power system of claim 2, wherein at least one of the one or more transportable housings further comprises a bulkhead wall disposed in the at least one opening of the first end, wherein the bulkhead wall is configured to provide lockable access to an interior of the transportable housing. 6. The mobile power system of claim 5, wherein the bulkhead wall further comprises an opening configured to receive a cooling unit. 7. The mobile power system of claim 5, wherein the bulkhead wall further comprises a control panel accessible from the exterior of the housing, wherein the control panel provides input and output connections for the plurality of energy sources. 8. The mobile power system of claim 2, wherein at least one of the one or more transportable housings further comprise a false floor disposed a predetermined distance above the bottom wall. 9. The mobile power system of claim 8, wherein the plurality of batteries are stored in an array below the false floor. 10. The mobile power system of claim 1, wherein the one or more transportable housings satisfy International Organization for Standardization container standards, Internal Aircraft/Helicopter Slingable Unit standards, Container Safety Convention standards, Coast Guard Certification standards, Military Specification standards, Mine Resistant Ambush Protected standards, or a combination comprising at least one of the foregoing industrial or military standards. 11. The mobile power system of claim 2, wherein the one or more transportable housings are free from apertures other than the at least one opening in the first end. 12. The mobile power system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of energy devices generate at least about 40 kilowatts of power. 13. A system comprising the mobile power system of claim 1 in electrical communication with a water generation system. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the water generation system comprises an inlet for receiving an air stream; a condensing element located in the air stream; a collector for gathering water vapor condensate that is formed on the condensing element; and a filtration system configured to produce potable water from the water vapor condensate. 15. The system of claim 13, wherein the water generation system produces about 1,000 to about 5,000 liters of potable water per day. 16. A mobile power system, comprising: a plurality of energy sources; a plurality of electronic and telecommunications components configured to convert power generated by the plurality of energy sources to direct current (DC) power, wherein the plurality of electronic and telecommunications components condition the DC power and direct the conditioned DC power to a Public Switch Telephony Network (PSTN); and at least one transportable housing configured to hold the plurality of energy sources and the plurality of electronic and telecommunications components during transport of the one or more housings. 17. The mobile power system of claim 16, wherein the at least one transportable housing comprises a first end, a second end opposite the first end, a top wall, a first side wall, a second side wall opposite the first side wall, a bottom wall, and at least one opening disposed in the first end, the second end, the first side wall, the second side wall, the top wall, or a combination comprising at least one of the foregoing. 18. The mobile power system of claim 17, wherein at least one of the one or more transportable housings comprises a first section disposed in a rearmost portion of the housing opposite the at least one opening, wherein the first section is configured to be a control room for housing at least one of the plurality of electronic and telecommunications components. 19. The mobile power system of claims 18, further comprising an agnostic communications terminal in communication with at least one of the plurality of energy sources, the agnostic communications terminal being disposed to communicate monitoring statistics associated with the mobile power system over a plurality of communications mediums. 20. The mobile power system of claim 19, wherein the plurality of communications mediums includes BGAN, KU Band, CDMA, GSM, IDEN, UMTS, LTE, GSMR, UHF, VHF, HF, and military frequency communications. 21. The mobile power system of claim 18, further comprising an agnostic communications terminal in communication with the control equipment, the agnostic communications terminal being disposed to communicate monitoring statistics associated with the mobile power system over a plurality of communications mediums. 22. The mobile power system of claim 21, wherein the plurality of communications mediums includes BGAN, KU Band, CDMA, GSM, IDEN, UMTS, LTE, GSMR, UHF, VHF, HF, and military frequency communications. 23. The mobile power system of claim 16, wherein the plurality of energy sources includes at least one of a solar powered generating device, a wind powered generating device, a hydrogen fuel cell powered generating device, and a bio-diesel powered generating device. 24. The mobile power system of claim 16, wherein the conditioned DC power is highly conditioned DC power within five percent total harmonic distortion. 25. The mobile power system of claim 16, wherein the conditioned DC power is directed to the PSTN over a forty-eight volt DC bus. 26. The mobile power system of claim 16, wherein the conditioned DC power is directed to the PSTN over a wide bus. 27. The mobile power system of claim 26, wherein the wide bus includes a forty-eight volt DC medium and a twelve volt DC medium. 28. The mobile power system of claim 26, wherein the wide bus includes a range of mediums disposed to provide DC power at a plurality of DC voltages. 29. The mobile power system of claim 28, wherein the range of mediums is a range from about twelve volts DC to forty-eight volts DC. 30. A method of transporting and assembling a mobile power system, comprising: storing a plurality of energy sources, a plurality of electronic and telecommunications components, and a plurality of batteries in at least one housing, wherein at least one energy source is of a solar powered generating device and at least one energy source is a wind powered generating device; transporting the at least one housing to a desired location; removing at least the plurality of energy sources from the at least one housing; disposing the plurality of energy sources remotely from the housing and in operative communication with the plurality of electronic and telecommunications components; receiving power from the plurality of energy sources and converting the power to direct current power; and storing the direct current power with the plurality of batteries. 31. The method of claim 30, further comprising remotely controlling and monitoring the mobile power system. 32. The method of claim 30, wherein transporting the at least one housing further comprises disposing the at least one housing on a truck trailer. 33. The method of claims 30, wherein transporting the at least one housing further comprises inserting the housing into the internal cargo hold of a helicopter. 34. The method of claim 33, wherein the helicopter comprises a CH-47 Chinook, CH-46E Sea Knight, CH-53 Sea Stallion, CH-53E Super Stallion, 53K Super Stallion, UH-1 Iroquois, UH-60 Black Hawk, SH-60 Sea Hawk, MH-60 Sea Hawk, HH-60H Sea Hawk, CV-22 Osprey, V-22 Osprey, HV-22 Osprey, SV-22 Osprey, or MV-22 Osprey. 35. The method of claim 34, wherein the at least one housing comprises two or more Internal Aircraft/Helicopter Slingable series containers commercially available from AAR Mobility Systems. 36. The method of claim 30, wherein the at least one transportable housing satisfies International Organization for Standardization standards, Container Safety Convention standards, Coast Guard Certification standards, Military Specification standards, Mine Resistant Ambush Protected standards, or a combination comprising at least one of the foregoing industrial or military standards. 37. The method of claim 30, wherein the at least one housing comprises two containers, wherein each of the containers satisfy standard dimensions specified by the International Organization for Standardization and comprise a length dimension of 20 feet. 