The present invention relates to a photovoltaic soundproof wall having a plurality of soundproof members each formed by surrounding the edge portions of two transparent sheets with a main frame and a plurality of posts adapted to mount the plurality of soundproof members therebetween, the photovoltaic soundproof wall including: a subframe disposed inside the main frame; a motor disposed inside the subframe for rotating a drive shaft rotatably mounted inside the subframe; a power transmission unit adapted to transmit the rotary force of the motor; a plurality of slats spaced apart from each other vertically between the two transparent sheets in such a manner as to be moved collectively by the power transmitted from the power transmission unit; and a plurality of solar cells attached to the top surface of each of the plurality of slats.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic soundproof wall having a plurality of soundproof members each formed by surrounding the edge portions of two transparent sheets with a main frame and a plurality of posts installed on ground in such a manner as to be equally spaced apart from one another for mounting the plurality of soundproof members therebetween, the photovoltaic soundproof wall comprising: a subframe disposed inside the main frame of each of the plurality of soundproof members; a motor disposed inside the subframe for rotating a drive shaft rotatably mounted inside the subframe; a power transmission unit adapted to transmit the rotary force of the motor; a plurality of slats spaced apart from each other vertically between the two transparent sheets in such a manner as to be moved collectively by the power transmitted from the power transmission unit; and a plurality of solar cells attached to the top surface of each of the plurality of slats. 2. The photovoltaic soundproof wall according to claim 1, further comprising a plurality of generation quantity-measuring sensors mounted correspondingly at the insides of the plurality of soundproof members to sense the quantities of electricity generated from the plurality of solar cells, and a plurality of controllers mounted correspondingly at the insides of the plurality of soundproof members to adjust the angles of the slats through the control of the motors. 3. The photovoltaic soundproof wall according to claim 1, further comprising one generation quantity-measuring sensor adapted to sense the quantities of electricity generated from all of the plurality of solar cells, and one controller adapted to control all of the motors disposed at the insides of the soundproof members, wherein the controller receives the signals sensed by the generation quantity-measuring sensor and controls the motors collectively. 4. The photovoltaic soundproof wall according to claim 1, further comprising a plurality of generation quantity-measuring sensors mounted correspondingly at the insides of the plurality of soundproof members to sense the quantities of electricity generated from the plurality of solar cells, and one controller adapted to receive the signals sensed by the generation quantity-measuring sensors and control the motors individually to adjust the angles of the slats. 5. The photovoltaic soundproof wall according to claim 2, wherein the controllers receive the signals sensed by the generation quantity-measuring sensors to calculate maximum values of generation quantities and control the motors in real time to adjust the angles of the slats in accordance with the calculated results. 6. The photovoltaic soundproof wall according to claim 3, wherein the controller receives the signals sensed by the generation quantity-measuring sensor to calculate maximum values of generation quantities and controls the motors in real time to adjust the angles of the slats in accordance with the calculated results. 7. The photovoltaic soundproof wall according to claim 4, wherein the controller receives the signals sensed by the generation quantity-measuring sensors to calculate maximum values of generation quantities and controls the motors in real time to adjust the angles of the slats in accordance with the calculated results. 8. The photovoltaic soundproof wall according to claim 2, wherein the controllers receive the signals sensed by the generation quantity-measuring sensors to calculate maximum values of generation quantities by time sequences and control the motors by the time sequences to adjust the angles of the slats in accordance with the calculated results. 9. The photovoltaic soundproof wall according to claim 3, wherein the controller receives the signals sensed by the generation quantity-measuring sensor to calculate maximum values of generation quantities by time sequences and controls the motors by the time sequences to adjust the angles of the slats in accordance with the calculated results. 10. The photovoltaic soundproof wall according to claim 4, wherein the controller receives the signals sensed by the generation quantity-measuring sensors to calculate maximum values of generation quantities by time sequences and controls the motors by the time sequences to adjust the angles of the slats in accordance with the calculated results. 11. The photovoltaic soundproof wall according to claim 1, further comprising an inverter adapted to convert the direct current produced from the solar cells into alternating current and to supply the alternating current to electrical and electronic equipment installed on the photovoltaic soundproof wall or at the outside of the photovoltaic soundproof wall. 12. The photovoltaic soundproof wall according to claim 1, further comprising an inverter adapted to convert the direct current produced from the solar cells into alternating current and to supply the alternating current to an electric power system. 13. The photovoltaic soundproof wall according to claim 1, further comprising a controller controls the motors mounted at the insides of the plurality of soundproof members, individually or collectively, in accordance with a data-based program on optimal angles of the solar cells, and adjusts the angles of the solar cells. 14. The photovoltaic soundproof wall according to claim 1, wherein the power transmission unit comprises: a drive shaft rotated by the activation of the motor; and a plurality of drums mounted spaced apart from each other around the drive shaft and having the top end portions of the slat drive cords supportingly rotating the plurality of slats spaced vertically apart from each other wound thereon. 15. The photovoltaic soundproof wall according to claim 1, wherein the power transmission unit comprises: a drive shaft rotated by the activation of the motor; a decelerator coupled to the drive shaft to reduce the number of rotations of the motor; a pinion mounted along the end portion of the drive shaft; a plurality of driven gears arranged along the side surface of the subframe mounted along the end portions of a plurality of slat shafts mounted passed through the centers of the plurality of slats; two racks engaging with the pinion and the plurality of driven gears and having the pinion and the plurality of driven gears placed therebetween; and a plurality of guides mounted along the side surface of the subframe to vertically move the two racks. 16. The photovoltaic soundproof wall according to claim 1, wherein the power transmission unit comprises: a drive shaft rotated by the activation of the motor; a decelerator coupled to the drive shaft to reduce the number of rotations of the motor; a drive gear mounted along the end portion of the drive shaft; an idle gear mounted at the top portion of the side surface of the subframe; a main link mounted on the idle gear; a plurality of sublinks mounted along the end portions of the slat shafts mounted passed through the centers of the slats; and a plurality of vertical links coupled by means of hinges to the both end portions of each of one main link and the plurality of sublinks. 17. The photovoltaic soundproof wall according to claim 1, further comprising an azimuth angle sensor mounted on the soundproof member to sense the front position and direction of the soundproof member and a controller adapted to calculate the tracks of the sun moving correspondingly to the front position and direction of the soundproof member in accordance with the signals sensed by the azimuth angle sensor and to control the motors by given time sequences to allow the positions of the slats to be adjusted. 18. The photovoltaic soundproof wall according to claim 17, further comprising a light sensor adapted to sense the brightness around the soundproof member. 19. The photovoltaic soundproof wall according to claim 18, wherein the azimuth angle sensor and the light sensor are formed integrally with the controller. 