Described herein is a mounting system and slider clips that support simplified installation of photovoltaic structures. The mounting system comprises a support structure which can be mounted to support columns via an optional tilt table. The support structure comprises a plurality of parallel spaced beams and a plurality of parallel spaced rails that are mounted approximately perpendicular to the beams. Disclosed embodiments describe a collapsible support structure in which the rails are pivotally mounted to the beams. Rails are preassembled with prefabricated slider clips for holding edge portions of the photovoltaic structures. Rails can also be integrally formed with slider clips. Described herein are also methods of installing one or more photovoltaic structures using the mounting system and methods for manufacturing slider clips and a photovoltaic structure mounting system.
Claims 1-32. (canceled) 33. A clip for holding a photovoltaic structure to a support structure, said clip comprising: an integral structure having a common support area; and a pair of extending panel holding elements each extending in opposite directions from said common support area, one of said panel holding elements extending from said common support area to a greater extent than the other of said panel holding elements. 34. (canceled) 35. The clip of claim 33, wherein each of said panel holding elements forms a sidewall of a respective C-shaped panel holding area, each C-shaped panel holding area extending in opposite directions from said common support area, the length of one of said C-shaped panel holding areas being greater than the length of the other of said C-shaped panel holding areas. 36. The clip of claim 35, further comprising a resilient material provided on the C-shaped panel holding area for engaging with the photovoltaic structure. 37. (canceled) 38. (canceled) 39. The clip of claim 33, wherein said common support area includes mounting portions for mounting said integral structure to the support structure. 40. The clip of claim 39, wherein said mounting portions comprise at least one hole passing through said common support area for allowing a fastener to pass through the at least one hole. 41. The clip as in claim 35, wherein said clip has a bottom surface for mounting to said support structure and each of said panel holding elements has a side of said C-shaped panel holding area at said bottom of said clip which is longer than the opposing side of said C-shaped panel holding area at said top of said clip. 42. (canceled) 43. (canceled) 44. A photovoltaic structure mounting system, comprising: a first clip for attachment to a support structure; and a second clip for attachment to the support structure, each said clip having an extending photovoltaic structure support element adapted to hold onto an edge portion of a photovoltaic structure placed between the support element and the support structure, the support element of said first clip being longer than the support element of said second clip such that a photovoltaic structure can be slid under the support element of the first clip and then be slid under the support element of the second clip. 45. The system as in claim 44, further comprising a common support structure for integrating said first and second clips on opposite sides of the common support structure. 46. The system as in claim 45, wherein each of said first and second clips includes a bottom surface for resting on said support structure and the common support structure includes at least one fastening area for fastening the clips to the support structure. 47. (canceled) 48. The system as in claim 46, wherein the fastening area includes an opening in each of said clip for fastening each said clip to said support structure with a fastener. 49. The system as in claim 46, wherein the support element of each of said first and second clip comprises a C-shaped holding element formed by a lower extending section, an upper extending section and a sidewall connecting the sections, each C-shaped holding element for securing edge portions of the photovoltaic structure. 50. The system as in claim 49, wherein the lower extending section of the C-shaped holding element of said first and second clips form a surface for attachment to said support structure. 51. The system as in claim 49, further comprising a resilient material on an inside surface of the upper and lower extending sections of said C-shaped holding element. 52-60. (canceled) 61. An apparatus for mounting photovoltaic structures, comprising: a top clip attached to one end of a support element, the top clip having a first extending photovoltaic structure holding element adapted to hold onto an edge portion of a photovoltaic structure placed between the first holding element and the support element; a bottom clip attached to the other end of the support element, the bottom clip having a second extending photovoltaic structure holding element adapted to hold onto an edge portion of a photovoltaic structure placed between the second holding element and the support element, the first holding element of said top clip being longer than the second holding element of said bottom clip; and at least one mid clip having a common support structure connecting third and fourth extending photovoltaic structure holding elements, the third and fourth holding elements extending from opposite sides of the common support structure, the fourth holding element being longer than the third holding element, the mid clip being attached to the support element between the top and bottom clips such that the third holding element is closer to the top clip and the fourth holding element is closer to the bottom clip. 62. The apparatus as in claim 61, wherein the support element is a rail with a recessed top surface extending the length of the rail. 63. The apparatus as in claim 62, wherein each of said top, bottom and mid clips includes a bottom surface that fits within the recessed top surface of the rail. 64. The apparatus as in claim 61, wherein the common support structure of the mid clip includes at least one fastening area for fastening the mid clip to the support element. 65. The apparatus as in claim 61, wherein each of the first, second, third and fourth holding elements is formed by a lower extending section, an upper extending section and a sidewall connecting the sections. 66. The apparatus as in claim 65, wherein the lower extending section is longer than the respective upper extending section. 67. The apparatus as in claim 61, wherein each of the first, second, third and fourth holding elements is integrally attached to a respective support frame. 68-109. (canceled) 