The invention pertains to a support rail for a solar collector, i.e., a rail for accommodating and mounting a solar collector.
Claims 1. A support rail for a solar collector with the following characteristics: 1.1 first section with an essentially U-shaped cross-sectional profile with a base and two limbs protruding from the base, 1.2 end sections of the two limbs extend inward in alignment with one another and toward one another such that a slot-shaped opening for accommodating and fixing a first mounting means is formed between the end sections, 1.3 a second section for accommodating and fixing a second mounting means, 1.4 at least one third section adjacent to an end section of one limb, wherein the third section at least in part protrudes in a direction that points away from the first section with respect to a plane (E) defined by the outer surfaces of the aligned end sections of the limbs. 2. The support rail according to claim 1, wherein the limbs of the first section perpendicularly protrude from the base and extend parallel to one another with the exception of their end sections. 3. The support rail according to claim 1, wherein the end sections of the limbs extend parallel to the base. 4. The support rail according to claim 1, wherein the end sections feature right-angle bends extending in the direction of the base on their free ends that laterally define the slot-shaped opening. 5. The support rail according to claim 1, wherein the second section has an essentially U-shaped cross-sectional profile with a base and two limbs that protrude from the base. 6. The support rail according to claim 5, wherein the limbs of the second U-shaped section extend perpendicular to the limbs of the first U-shaped section. 7. The support rail according to claim 5, wherein one limb of the second U-shaped section is formed by the base of the first U-shaped section. 8. The support rail according to claim 5, wherein the inner side of the limbs of the second U-shaped section features a fluting. 9. The support rail according to claim 5, wherein the outer side of one limb of the first U-shaped section features a fluting. 10. The support rail according to claim 1, the third section of which at least in part extends perpendicular to the end sections of the limbs of the first section. 11. The support rail according to claim 1, the third section of which has the shape of a web at least in its part that points away from the first section. 12. The support rail according to claim 1, the third section of which has a cross section that corresponds to a right-angled trapezoid at least in its part that points away from the first section. 13. The support rail according to claim 1, the first, second and third sections of which are integrally connected to one another. 14. The support rail according to claim 1 realized in the form of an extrusion-moulded part of metal or plastic. 