A portable cart for solar energy conversion is provided comprising a cart having at least two wheels, wherein the cart includes a frame having a floor, a panel receiving assembly, and a panel holding assembly. The panel holding assembly is removably attachable to the panel receiving assembly. One or more photovoltaic solar panels is attached to the panel holding assembly; and voltage generated from the panels is directed to a charge controller. Electrical energy is stored in one or more batteries within the cart. The direct current from the batteries is directed to at least one inverter for producing AC power. An external stand is provided to mount the solar panels at a distance away from the cart. The external stand includes at least two positions to account for the position of the sun across the seasons. Optionally, the cart includes a charging receptacle for receiving a DC charge from an external source, such as an automobile.
Claims 1. A portable cart for solar energy conversion, comprising: (a) a cart having at least two wheels, wherein the cart includes a frame having a floor, a panel receiving assembly, and a panel holding assembly, and wherein the panel holding assembly is removably attachable to the panel receiving assembly; (b) one or more photovoltaic solar panels operatively attached to the panel holding assembly; (c) a charge controller electrically connected to the solar panels; (d) one or more batteries electrically connected to the charge controller; and (e) at least one inverter electrically connected to the batteries and to the charge controller, wherein the inverter is adapted to convert direct current to alternating current. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the frame further includes a charging receptacle electrically connected to the batteries, wherein the charging receptacle is adapted to receive a direct current from an external source. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the panel holding assembly comprises a panel holder connected to a base, and wherein the panel holder is oriented at a predetermined angular position relative to the base. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the charge controller further includes a battery temperature sensor electrically connected to the batteries. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the frame further includes a current display meter electrically connected between the charge controller and the batteries. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the frame further includes a master disconnect switch electrically connected between the charge controller and the batteries. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the panel receiving assembly includes two or more receiving members, and wherein the panel holding assembly includes two or more mounting members, and wherein the mounting members are telescopingly slidable relative to the receiving members. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the mounting members are lockable relative to the receiving members. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the frame further includes at least one telescoping handle. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the frame further includes at least one battery case adapted to sealably enclose one of the batteries. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the frame further includes a protective cover. 12. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the panel holding assembly comprises a panel holder hingeably connected to a base, and wherein the panel holder can be locked into one or more predetermined angular positions relative to the base. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein each of the batteries is a 12-volt battery capable of energy storage of at least 100 amp-hours. 14. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the inverter includes at least two 120-volt AC receptacles and is capable of at least 1000 Watts of continuous power. 15. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein each of the photovoltaic solar panels is a polycrystalline silicon panel capable of producing at least 100 Watts maximum power. 16. The apparatus of claim 1, further including an external stand capable of receiving the panel holding assembly at a location away from the cart. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein the external stand includes a first receiving mount and a second receiving mount, and wherein the first receiving mount permits orientation of the photovoltaic solar panels at a first angle for winter usage, and wherein the second receiving mount permits orientation of the photovoltaic solar panels at a second angle for summer usage. 