A solar module connector comprising: a cable; a housing having a mounting surface at least a portion of which partially defines an opening for facilitating contact with at least one buss lead of a solar module, a cavity, a cable end, and a passageway between the cavity and the cable end; a seal disposed around the cable and at least partially seated in the passageway; and a contact electrically connected to the cable and disposed in the cavity proximate the opening.
Claims 1. A solar module connector comprising: a cable; a housing having a mounting surface at least a portion of which partially defines an opening for facilitating contact with at least one buss lead of a solar module, a cavity, a cable end, and a passageway between said cavity and said cable end; a seal disposed around said cable and at least partially seated in said passageway; and a contact electrically connected to said cable and disposed in said cavity proximate said opening. 2. The solar module connector according to claim 1, further comprising: a cover mounted to said housing over at least a portion of said cavity and cooperating with said housing to define said opening. 3. The solar module connector according to claim 2, wherein said cover comprises a post, said contact comprises a first aperture configured for receiving said post, and said housing comprises a second aperture for receiving said post, said post extending through said first aperture and into said second aperture such that said contact is held within said housing. 4. The solar module connector according to claim 2, wherein said cover and said housing cooperate to define a reservoir proximate said opening and containing a free end of said contact. 5. The solar module connector according to claim 4, wherein said reservoir contains a potting material. 6. The solar module connector according to claim 2, wherein said housing defines a groove on its mounting surface and wherein said cover is interior to said groove. 7. The solar module connector according to claim 1, wherein said housing defines a groove on its mounting surface and wherein said opening is interior to said groove. 8. The solar module connector according to claim 1, further comprising a fastener for securing said seal to said cable to prevent axial movement of said seal thereon. 9. The solar module connector according to claim 8, wherein said fastener comprises at least one tab bent outwardly to contact said housing and prevent axial movement of said cable in at least one direction in said passageway. 10. The solar module connector according to claim 1, further comprising: a cable support bracket disposed on said cable end of said housing and abutting said seal. 11. The solar module connector according to claim 10, wherein said cable support bracket comprises an annulus against which said seal abuts. 12. The solar module connector according to claim 1, further comprising a solar module to which said mounting surface of said housing is mounted, said solar module having at least one buss lead to which said contact is electrically connected. 13. A connector kit comprising: a housing having a mounting surface at least a portion of which defines an opening for facilitating contact with at least one buss lead of a solar module, a cavity, a cable end, and a passageway between said cavity and said cable end; a cover configured for mounting to said housing over at least a portion of said cavity and cooperating with said housing to define said opening; a seal configured for disposition around a cable and configured for seating in said passageway; a contact configured for electrically connecting to said cable and configured for disposition in said cavity proximate said opening; and a cable support bracket configured for disposition on said cable end of said housing, said cable support bracket having an annulus configured for protruding into said passageway and for abutting said seal. 14. A method of assembling a solar module connector, said method comprising: providing a cable, a seal, a contact, and a housing having a mounting surface at least a portion of which defines an opening for facilitating contact with at least one buss lead of a solar module, a cavity, a cable end, and a passageway between said cavity and said cable end, and inserting said cable into said housing from said cable end through said passageway into said cavity until a length of said cable protrudes from said cavity; disposing said seal around said cable; disposing said contact on said cable; and retracting said cable from said housing until said seal is seated within said passageway and said contact is disposed in said cavity proximate said opening. 15. The method according to claim 14, wherein no adhesive is used. 16. The method according to claim 14, further comprising: fastening a fastener around said seal to secure said seal to said cable. 17. The method according to claim 14, further comprising: prior to inserting said cable into said housing, inserting said cable through a cable support bracket, and after retracting said cable from said housing, connecting said cable support bracket to said cable end of said housing such that an annulus on said cable support bracket abuts said seal. 18. The method according to claim 14, further comprising securing at least said contact in place within said cavity by mounting a cover to said housing over at least a portion of said cavity. 19. The method according to claim 18, wherein no adhesive is used. 20. The method according to claim 14, further comprising applying a bead of adhesive to said mounting surface around said opening; disposing said mounting surface of said housing on a PV module; connecting a lead of said PV module to said contact; and potting said buss lead and contact. 