An apparatus includes a slider including an air bearing surface and a waveguide configured to receive light from a light source, a sensor positioned to receive a portion of light emitted by the light source prior to the light exiting the slider at the air bearing surface, and a controller controlling the light source power in response to a characteristic of the sensor.
Claims 1. An apparatus comprising: a slider including an air bearing surface and a waveguide configured to receive light from a light source; a sensor positioned to receive a portion of light emitted by the light source prior to the light exiting the slider at the air bearing surface; and a controller controlling the light source power in response to a characteristic of the sensor. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the sensor is positioned to receive light that leaks out of the waveguide. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a splitter positioned to direct the portion of light to the sensor. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the waveguide includes a bend, and the sensor is positioned adjacent to the bend. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the sensor comprises: a photovoltaic cell or a photoconductive element. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a solid immersion mirror configured to receive light from the light source, wherein the sensor is positioned adjacent to or in the solid immersion mirror. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the sensor detects light reflected from the air bearing surface. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a solid immersion mirror configured to receive light from the light source, wherein the sensor is positioned to detect a portion of the light in a central portion of the solid immersion mirror. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the light source comprises a laser and the sensor is positioned to detect light from a rear facet of the laser. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the characteristic of the sensor comprises one or more of: resistance, current and voltage. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, further comprising: a memory for storing the resistance, current or voltage. 12. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the sensor comprises: a photovoltaic element or a photoconductive element. 13. A method comprising: producing a light from a light source; directing the light to a waveguide in a slider; producing a signal representative of a portion of the light from the light source prior to the light exiting an air bearing surface of the slider; and controlling the light source power in response to the signal. 14. The method of claim 10, wherein the portion of the light leaks out of a bend in the waveguide. 15. The method of claim 10, wherein the light source comprises a laser and a sensor captures rear facet emissions for the laser. 16. The method of claim 10, further comprising: using a magnetic sensor to measure recording quality of recorded information on a storage disc; and controlling the light source power to optimize the recording quality. 17. The method of claim 10, wherein the light source power is reduced in a non-writing condition. 18. The method of claim 10, further comprising: monitoring light source aging. 19. An apparatus comprising: a slider including a laser, a waveguide configured to receive light from the laser, a photosensor, and magnetic sensor; and a controller for controlling the laser in response to a magnetic readback signal from the magnetic sensor and a characteristic of the photosensor. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the photosensor detects light reflected from a storage medium. 