According to an embodiment, the present invention provides a system for collecting solar energy. The system includes a solar panel, the solar panel comprising a plurality of photovoltaic strips, the plurality of photovoltaic strips including a first strip and a second strip, the first strip and the second strip being substantially parallel to each other, the plurality of photovoltaic strips being electrically coupled to one another, the solar panel including a front cover member, the front cover member including a plurality of concentrator elements, the plurality of photovoltaic strips being aligned to the plurality of concentrator elements, the plurality of concentrator elements including a first concentrator element and a second concentrator element, the first concentrator element and the second concentrator element being separated by a notch, the first concentrator being associated with a first angle and a second angle,
Claims 1. A system for collecting solar energy, the system comprising: a solar panel, the solar panel comprising a plurality of photovoltaic strips, the plurality of photovoltaic strips including a first strip and a second strip, the first strip and the second strip being substantially parallel to each other, the plurality of photovoltaic strips being electrically coupled to one another, the solar panel including a front cover member, the front cover member including a plurality of concentrator elements, the plurality of photovoltaic strips being aligned to the plurality of concentrator elements, the plurality of concentrator elements including a first concentrator element and a second concentrator element, the first concentrator element and the second concentrator element being separated by a notch, the first concentrator being associated with a first angle and a second angle, the first concentrator being configured to transmit electromagnetic waves received at the first angle to the first photovoltaic strip, the first concentrator being configured to transmit electromagnetic waves received at the second angle to the second photovoltaic strip, the second concentrator being configured to transmit electromagnetic waves received at the first angle to the second photovoltaic strip; a sensor for determining a position for a light source; a motion control module for selecting a third angle for receiving electromagnetic waves from the light source, the third angle being selected between the first angle and the second angle; a motor module configured for rotating the solar panel for facing the light source at the third angle. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the plurality of concentrator elements are integral to the front cover member, the front cover member consisting essentially of glass material, and/or other types of transparent material. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the first concentrator member comprises a substantially spherical region, the spherical region including a flat region. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the first angle is approximately 90 degrees and the second angle is between 40 and 75 degrees. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein the light source is the sun. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein the motion control module selects the third angle based on a time of the day. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the solar panel is a part of solar panel array. 8. The system of claim 1 where in the plurality of concentrator elements are integrally formed on the front cover member. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein the sensor comprises a light detector having a field of view of at least 90 degrees. 10. The system of claim 1 further comprising a base, the base being stationary. 11. The system of claim 1 wherein the front is substantially transparent and characterized by a refractive index of at least 1.4. 12. The system of claim 1 wherein the plurality of photovoltaic strips are electrical coupled to one another by an electrically conductive member. 13. The system of claim 1 wherein the plurality of photovoltaic strips are coupled to the front cover member by EVA material, and/or other types of material. 14. The system of claim 1 wherein the motion control module selects the third angle based at least on a season of the year. 15. The system of claim 1 wherein the solar panel faces the sun at the first angle in the morning and faces the sun at the second angle around noon. 16. A system for collecting solar energy, the system comprising: a solar array comprising a first solar panel and a second solar panel, the first solar panel being at a predetermined distance from the second solar panel; a solar panel, the solar panel comprising a plurality of photovoltaic strips, the plurality of photovoltaic strips including a first strip and a second strip, the first strip and the second strip being substantially parallel to each other, the plurality of photovoltaic strips being electrically coupled to one another, the solar panel including a front cover member, the front cover member including a plurality of concentrator elements, the plurality of photovoltaic strips being aligned to the plurality of concentrator elements, the plurality of concentrator elements including a first concentrator element and a second concentrator element, the first concentrator element and the second concentrator element being separated by a notch, the first concentrator element being associated with a first angle and a second angle, the first concentrator being configured to transmit electromagnetic waves received at the first angle to the first photovoltaic strip, the first concentrator being configured to transmit electromagnetic waves received at the second angle to the second photovoltaic strip, the second concentrator being configured to transmit electromagnetic waves received at the first angle to the second photovoltaic strip; a motion control module for determining a position for a light source and selecting a third angle for receiving electromagnetic waves from the light source, the third angle being selected between the first angle and the second angle; a first motor module configured for rotating the first solar panel for facing the light source at the third angle. 17. The system of claim 16 wherein the first angle is associated with a first efficiency level and the second angle is associated with a second efficiency level. 18. The system of claim 16 wherein the motion control module selects the first angle if selecting the second angle causes the first solar panel to cast a predetermined amount of shadow on the second solar panel. 19. The system of claim 16 further comprising a second motor module for rotating the second solar panel for facing the light source at the third angle. 20. The system of claim 16 further comprising a mounting assembly for mounting the first solar panel and the second solar panel at the predetermined distance, the mounting assembly being stationary. 21. The system of claim 16 wherein the motion control module determines a solar azimuth. 22. The system of claim 16 further comprising a light sensor for detecting solar position. 23. The system of claim 16 wherein the motion control module determines solar azimuth based on pre-stored data and detected solar position. 24. The system of claim 16 further comprising a network interface allowing for remote control. 25. The system of claim 16 further comprising a battery for energy storage. 26. The system of claim 16 further comprising a user interface for configuring the motion control module. 27. The system of claim 16 further comprising a plurality of tracking posts for mounting the solar panels. 28. The system of claim 16 wherein the photovoltaic strips consist of silicon or thin-film material. 29. The system of claim 16 wherein the plurality of solar panels are generally north-south oriented. 