A photovoltaic system includes an inverter, a photovoltaic generator with a plurality of serially connected photovoltaic modules, said photovoltaic generator connected to the inverter by an electrical supply line, a controllable fuse interconnected in the electrical supply line between the inverter and the photovoltaic generator and having a signal input, and a voltage-dependent resistor connected between the signal input of the controllable fuse and the electrical supply line and generating a control signal which triggers the controllable fuse responsive to the control signal and interrupts the electrical supply line. The controllable fuse can be used to disconnect the electrical connection of the photovoltaic system to the inverter when a switch short-circuiting one or more modules of the photovoltaic generator malfunctions. The arrangement permits operation of photovoltaic system at an operating voltage of close to 1000 V, thereby allowing use of thinner cables.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic system comprising: an inverter, a photovoltaic generator comprising a plurality of serially connected photovoltaic modules, said photovoltaic generator connected to the inverter by an electrical supply line, a controllable fuse interconnected in the electrical supply line between the inverter and the photovoltaic generator and having a signal input, and a voltage-dependent resistor connected between the signal input of the controllable fuse and the electrical supply line and generating a control signal which triggers the controllable fuse responsive to the control signal and interrupts the electrical supply line. 2. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein the controllable fuse is a self-destructing fuse. 3. The photovoltaic system of claim 2, wherein the controllable fuse is a pyroelectric fuse. 4. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein the controllable fuse is an overvoltage protector. 5. The photovoltaic system of claim 4, further comprising a control unit, wherein the overvoltage protector has a signal output which provides a second signal when the overvoltage protector is triggered, which second signal is supplied to the control unit which generates from the second signal the control signal. 6. The photovoltaic system of claim 4, wherein the overvoltage protector is constructed based on zinc oxide. 7. The photovoltaic system of claim 5, wherein the control signal is a DC voltage signal providing a DC current between 2 A and 5 A for a duration of at least 10 ms. 8. A photovoltaic system comprising: an inverter, a photovoltaic generator comprising a plurality of serially connected photovoltaic modules, said photovoltaic generator connected to the inverter by an electrical connection, and a fuse interconnected in the electrical supply line between the inverter and the photovoltaic generator and comprising a propellant configured to ignite a plasma, wherein the fuse is triggered by the plasma and interrupts the electrical connection between the photovoltaic generator and the inverter. 9. The photovoltaic system of claim 8, wherein the propellant is connected to a first supply line of the electrical connection disposed between the inverter and the photovoltaic system at a first potential, and wherein an electric line at a second potential and electrically connected to a second supply line of the electrical connection terminates in the propellant at a predetermined distance from the first supply line, and wherein the plasma is generated when a predetermined potential difference between the first potential and the second potential is exceeded. 10. The photovoltaic system of claim 9, further comprising an overvoltage protector interconnected between the second supply line and a termination of the electric line in the propellant, wherein the predetermined distance is undersized such that the potential difference generating the plasma is only one tenth to seven tenths of a maximum allowable potential difference between the first potential and the second potential. 