A multiple bi-directional input/output power control system includes a network of functional blocks housed in a single enclosure, providing DC power to one or more DC loads, and providing control and internal pathways, sharing one or more AC and/or DC power inputs. The system feeds back AC power from the DC power source into an AC input connection, and the fed-back AC power is shared by other AC loads. The system operates at least one alternative source of DC in a dynamic manner, allowing maximization of power generating capability at respective specific operating conditions of the moment. Power isolation may be handled by an AC isolation block right at a power input. Therefore all other blocks within a multi-function power control unit (MFPCU) are isolated from AC ground.
Claims 1-52. (canceled) 53. A power controller, comprising: a bidirectional alternating current (AC) power connection for connection to at least one source of AC power; a direct current (DC) power connection for connection to a source of DC power; a DC load connection for connection to a DC load having variable loading conditions during operation; and a bidirectional power supply operative, in response to the loading conditions of the DC load, for converting the AC power to converted DC power for delivery to the DC load via the DC load connection during one of the loading conditions, and for converting the DC power to converted AC power for delivery to the at least one source of AC power via the AC power connection during another of the loading conditions. 54. The power controller in accordance with claim 53, and a bidirectional storage connection for connection to a DC storage device, wherein the DC storage device receives at least one of the DC power and the converted DC power via the storage connection, and wherein the DC storage device supplies stored DC power via the storage connection to at least one of the DC load, the source of DC power, and the bidirectional power supply for conversion to the converted AC power for delivery to the at least one source of AC power via the AC power connection. 55. The power controller in accordance with claim 54, and a converter for delivering at least one of the stored DC power from the DC storage device and the converted DC power from the bidirectional power supply to the source of DC power via the DC power connection. 56. The power controller in accordance with claim 54, and a processor for monitoring the loading conditions of the DC load, and for dynamically controlling at least one of the bidirectional power supply, the source of DC power, and the DC storage device to optimally deliver at least one of the converted DC power from the bidirectional power supply, the DC power from the source of DC power, and the stored DC power from the DC storage device to the DC load when the loading conditions require such DC power, and to the bidirectional power supply for conversion and delivery to the at least one source of AC power when the loading conditions do not require such DC power. 57. The power controller in accordance with claim 53, wherein the DC load is one of a lighting system and a DC storage device. 58. The power controller in accordance with claim 53, wherein the at least one source of AC power is a utility mains line, and wherein the source of DC power is at least one of a wind turbine, a photovoltaic device, a fuel cell and a cogeneration device. 59. The power controller in accordance with claim 53, and a housing for containing the bidirectional power supply, and wherein the housing has a connector for each of the connections. 60. The power controller in accordance with claim 53, wherein the DC power connection is one of a unidirectional power connection and a bi-directional power connection. 61. The power controller in accordance with claim 53, wherein the DC load connection is one of a unidirectional load connection and a bi-directional load connection. 62. A system for controlling power delivery between at least one source of alternating current (AC) power and a direct current (DC) load having variable loading conditions during operation, comprising: a source of DC power; and a power controller having a bidirectional AC power connection for connection to the at least one source of AC power, a DC power connection for connection to the source of DC power, a DC load connection for connection to the DC load, and a bidirectional power supply operative, in response to the loading conditions of the DC load, for converting the AC power to converted DC power for delivery to the DC load via the DC load connection during one of the loading conditions, and for converting the DC power to converted AC power for delivery to the at least one source of AC power via the AC power connection during another of the loading conditions. 63. The system in accordance with claim 62, and a DC storage device, and wherein the power controller includes a bidirectional storage connection for connection to the DC storage device, wherein the DC storage device receives at least one of the DC power and the converted DC power via the storage connection, and wherein the DC storage device supplies stored DC power via the storage connection to at least one of the DC load, the source of DC power, and the bidirectional power supply for conversion to the converted AC power for delivery to the at least one source of AC power via the AC power connection. 64. The system in accordance with claim 63, wherein the power controller includes a converter for delivering at least one of the stored DC power from the DC storage device and the converted DC power from the bidirectional power supply to the source of DC power via the DC power connection. 65. The system in accordance with claim 63, wherein the power controller includes a processor for monitoring the loading conditions of the DC load, and for dynamically controlling at least one of the bidirectional power supply, the source of DC power, and the DC storage device to optimally deliver at least one of the converted DC power from the bidirectional power supply, the DC power from the source of DC power, and the stored DC power from the DC storage device, to the DC load when the loading conditions require such DC power, and to the bidirectional power supply for conversion and delivery to the at least one source of AC power when the loading conditions do not require such DC power. 66. The system in accordance with claim 62, wherein the DC load is one of a lighting system and a DC storage device. 67. The system in accordance with claim 62, wherein the at least one source of AC power is a utility mains line, and wherein the source of DC power is at least one of a wind turbine, a photovoltaic device, a fuel cell and a cogeneration device. 68. The system in accordance with claim 62, and a housing for containing the bidirectional power supply, and wherein the housing has a connector for each of the connections. 69. The system in accordance with claim 62, and an additional power controller and a control unit for monitoring operation of each power controller. 70. The system in accordance with claim 62, wherein the DC power connection is one of a unidirectional power connection and a bidirectional power connection. 71. The system in accordance with claim 62, wherein the DC load connection is one of a unidirectional load connection and a bidirectional load connection. 72. A method of power control, comprising the steps of: bidirectionally connecting at least one source of alternating current (AC) power to a power controller; connecting a source of direct current (DC) power to the power controller; connecting a DC load having variable loading conditions during operation to the power controller; converting the AC power to converted DC power for delivery to the DC load in response to one of the loading conditions of the DC load; and converting the DC power to converted AC power for delivery to the at least one source of AC power in response to another of the loading conditions of the DC load. 73. The method in accordance with claim 72, and bidirectionally connecting a DC storage device to the power controller, the DC storage device receiving at least one of the DC power and the converted DC power, and the DC storage device supplying stored DC power to at least one of the DC load, the source of DC power, and the bidirectional power supply for conversion to the converted AC power for delivery to the at least one source of AC power. 74. The method in accordance with claim 73, and delivering at least one of the stored DC power from the DC storage device and the converted DC power from the bidirectional power supply to the source of DC power. 75. The method in accordance with claim 74, and monitoring the loading conditions of the DC load, and dynamically controlling at least one of the bidirectional power supply, the source of DC power, and the DC storage device to optimally deliver at least one of the converted DC power from the bidirectional power supply, the DC power from the source of DC power, and the stored DC power from the DC storage device to the DC load when the loading conditions require such DC power, and to the bidirectional power supply for conversion and delivery to the at least one source of AC power when the loading conditions do not require such DC power. 76. The method in accordance with claim 73, and configuring the DC load as one of a lighting system and a DC energy storage device. 77. The method in accordance with claim 73, and configuring the at least one source of AC power as a utility mains line, and configuring the source of DC power as at least one of a wind turbine, a photovoltaic device, a fuel cell and a cogeneration device. 78. The method in accordance with claim 73, and containing the bidirectional power supply in a housing having respective connectors for the at least one source of AC power, the source of DC power, and the DC load. 79. The method in accordance with claim 73, and monitoring operation of an additional power controller. 80. The method in accordance with claim 73, wherein the step of connecting the DC power source to the power controller is performed via one of a unidirectional power connection and a bi-directional power connection. 81. The method in accordance with claim 73, wherein the step of connecting the DC load is performed via one of a unidirectional load connection and a bi-directional load connection. 82. A power controller, comprising: a bidirectional direct current (DC) power connection for connection to at least one source of DC power; a DC load connection for connection to a DC load having variable loading conditions during operation; and a bidirectional power supply operative, in response to the loading conditions of the DC load, for converting the DC source power to a converted DC power for delivery to the DC load via the DC load connection during one of the loading conditions, and for delivering DC power to the at least one source of DC power via the DC power connection during another of the loading conditions. 83. A system for controlling power delivery between at least one source of direct current (DC) power and a DC load having variable loading conditions during operation, comprising: a power controller having a bidirectional DC power connection for connection to the at least one source of DC power, a DC load connection for connection to the DC load, and a bidirectional power supply operative, in response to the loading conditions of the DC load, for converting the DC source power to a converted DC power for delivery to the DC load via the DC load connection during one of the loading conditions, and for delivering DC power to theat least one source of DC power via the DC power connection during another of the loading conditions. 84. A method of power control, comprising the steps of: connecting at least one source of direct current (DC) power to a power controller via a bidirectional DC load connection; connecting a DC load having variable loading conditions during operation to the power controller; converting the DC source power to a converted DC power for delivery to the DC load via the DC load connection during one of the loading conditions; and delivering DC power to the at least one source of DC power via the DC power connection during another of the loading conditions. 