A grid-connected energy storage system and a method of controlling the energy storage system. In the energy storage system, a normal operation of the energy storage system and the UPS function due to electrical failure may be stably performed even if electrical failure occurs. The energy storage system includes: a maximum power point tracking (MPPT) converter outputting converted power to a first node; a battery storing power; a bi-directional inverter converting power and outputting the converted power to the load, the grid or the first node; a bi-directional converter converting and storing power in the battery and outputting the power stored in the battery to the first node; and an integrated controller controlling the MPPT converter, the bi-directional inverter and the bi-directional converter.
Claims 1. An energy storage system comprising: a maximum power point tracking (MPPT) converter converting power generated by a renewable power generation system and outputting the converted power to a first node; a bi-directional inverter, connected between the first node and a second node, the second node being connected to a grid and a load, converting a first direct current (DC) power input through the first node to an alternating current (AC) power and outputting the AC power to the second node, and converting an AC power from the grid to the first DC power and outputting the first DC power to the first node; a battery for storing a second DC power; a bi-directional converter, connected between the battery and the first node, converting the second DC power output from the battery to the first DC power and outputting the first DC power to the bi-directional inverter through the first node, and converting the first DC power output from the bi-directional inverter through the first node to the second DC power; and an integrated controller sensing an electrical failure signal of the grid and controlling the second DC power stored in the battery to be transferred to the load when the electrical failure signal is received. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the integrated controller turns the bi-directional converter on and performs constant voltage control of the first node when the electrical failure signal is received. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein when the electrical failure signal is received, the integrated controller turns the bi-directional inverter and the MPPT converter off, turns the bi-directional converter on, and turns the bi-directional inverter on. 4. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a first switch connected between the bi-directional inverter and the load; and a second switch connected between the second node and the grid. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein when the electrical failure signal is received, the integrated controller turns the second switch off. 6. The system of claim 3, wherein the integrated controller turns the bi-directional inverter on and turns the MPPT converter on. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the integrated controller turns the MPPT converter on and then turns the bi-directional converter off. 8. The system of claim 1, further comprising a battery management system (BMS) managing charging and/or discharging the second DC power stored in the battery according to control of the integrated controller. 9. The system of claim 1, further comprising a DC link unit maintaining a DC voltage level of the first node to a DC link level. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the renewable power generation system is a Photovoltaic (PV) system. 11. A method of controlling an energy storage system supplying power to a load when an electrical failure occurs in a grid, wherein the energy storage system is connected to a renewable power generation system, the load, and the grid and the energy storage system includes: a maximum power point tracking (MPPT) converter outputting converted power to a first node; a battery storing power; a bi-directional inverter converting power and outputting the converted power to the load, the grid or the first node; a bi-directional converter converting and storing power in the battery and outputting the power stored in the battery to the first node; and an integrated controller, the method comprising: receiving an electrical failure signal of the grid; turning the MPPT converter and the bi-directional inverter off; turning the bi-directional converter on; performing constant voltage control of the first node to stabilize the first node; turning the bi-directional inverter on; and supplying the power stored in the battery to the load. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the bi-directional converter converts a first direct current (DC) voltage of the power stored in the battery into a second DC voltage and performs the constant voltage control of the first node. 13. The method of claim 11 further comprising, when the voltage of the first node is stabilized, turning the MPPT converter on and supplying power generated by the renewable power generation system to the load. 14. The method of claim 13, further comprising turning the bi-directional converter off and stopping the supplying of the power stored in the battery. 15. The method of claim 11, when the electrical failure signal is received, further comprising turning off a switch connected to the grid. 16. The method of claim 11, wherein the renewable power generation system is a Photovoltaic (PV) system. 17. The method of claim 11, further comprising stabilizing a voltage level of the first node to be at a voltage level of a direct current (DC) link. 18. The method of claim 11, further comprising controlling discharging of the battery so that the power stored in the battery is input to the bi-directional converter. 