Disclosed here is a grid-interactive photovoltaic generation system having power quality improvement and power saving functions. The grid-interactive photovoltaic generation system includes a solar cell array, a first inverter, and a second inverter. The solar cell array receives solar light and generates predetermined power. The first inverter converts the power, generated by the solar cell array, into power required by a grid line. The second inverter is connected to the first inverter, and steps down power, which will be supplied to a load, to an appropriate voltage.
Claims 1. A grid-interactive photovoltaic generation system having power quality improvement and power saving functions, comprising: a solar cell array for receiving solar light and generating predetermined power; a first inverter for converting the power, generated by the solar cell array, into power required by a grid line; and a second inverter connected to the first inverter, and configured to step down power, which will be supplied to a load, to an appropriate voltage. 2. The grid-interactive photovoltaic generation system as set forth in claim 1, wherein the first inverter is a Current Controlled Voltage Source Inverter (CCVSI) that is connected to a grid input power source. 3. The grid-interactive photovoltaic generation system as set forth in claim 1, wherein the second inverter is a Voltage Controlled Voltage Source Inverter (VCVSI) that is connected in parallel between a power source and a load. 4. The grid-interactive photovoltaic generation system as set forth in claim 1, further comprising a Maximum Power Point Tracking (MPPT)-Power Quality Control (PQC) integrated controller for performing control: in a nighttime mode of performing PQC in order to output high-quality power to the grid by controlling operation of the first inverter during a nighttime during which there is no solar light; and in a daytime mode of simultaneously performing both PQC and MPPT during a daytime during which there is solar light. 5. The grid-interactive photovoltaic generation system as set forth in claim 1, further comprising a voltage controller for controlling operation of the second inverter. 