Traffic through a portion of a city formed of streets defining a grid includes clusters of traffic signs, each cluster being positioned at an intersection and having its own cluster process controller. The clusters also include cameras monitoring traffic through and at each intersection. The cameras provide information used locally or at remote localities to control traffic. The remote localities may include a traffic command center, fire/police stations or a home security office.
Claims 1. A system for controlling vehicular and/or pedestrian traffic in a section of a city formed of intersecting streets comprising: a plurality of clusters, each cluster being disposed at an intersection between two streets and including a plurality of traffic signs, each traffic sign including a mast extending vertically, a horizontal arm attached to the mast and extending over at least a portion of a street, a display attached to the arm, said display being formed of a matrix of light generating elements arranged and constructed to display one of images and text; and a cluster process controller controlling the images displayed on each display. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said clusters operate in one of an autonomous mode in which each cluster functions independently and a coupled mode in which several clusters disposed within a portion of the city section, said several clusters being interconnected to exchange information and cooperating to act in unison to control traffic flow. 3. The system of claim 2 further comprising a traffic command center, wherein said clusters operate in a slave mode in which each cluster is operated by commands from the traffic command center. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein each display is formed of components including one of an LCD, LED, plasma, fiber optic and DLP elements. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein said cluster process controller generates one of instructions to drivers, street name, traffic information and traffic control signals. 6. The system of claim 1 further comprising a plurality of cameras monitoring one of pedestrian and vehicular traffic on the streets, said cameras providing images of said traffic to said cluster process controller, and wherein said cluster process controller generates said images based on said images. 7. The system of claim 6 wherein at least one street includes two lanes and wherein separate cameras are provided for each lane. 8. The system of claim 6 wherein some cameras provide information indicative of traffic near or within the intersection and other cameras provide information about traffic approaching the intersection. 9. The system of claim 1 further comprising a power supply for powering the display and the controller, said power supply being selected from one of a local power grid, a UPS with a battery back up, a solar panel and a hydrogen fuel cell. 10. A system for controlling traffic in a section of a city based on commands from a plurality of sources including a traffic command center, a fire/police station and a home security office comprising: a plurality of clusters disposed at respective intersections, each cluster including a display displaying signs for controlling traffic and cameras monitoring traffic at the respective intersection, a cluster process controller, wherein the cluster process controllers send information to said sources indicative of traffic and other conditions at the respective intersection and the outer sources return commands in response, said commands being used by each said process controllers to operate said displays. 11. The system of claim 10 wherein each cluster includes several traffic signs disposed at several corners of the respective intersection, each traffic sign including a display controlled by said cluster process controller. 12. The system of claim 11 wherein each traffic sign includes a vertical mast and a horizontal arm attached to the mast and holding said display. 13. The system of claim 12 wherein said display extends at least partially over a street lane to control vehicular traffic. 14. The system of claim 13 wherein said each cluster includes pedestrian signs mounted on said mast to control pedestrian traffic at the intersection. 