A ventilating unit for a building includes an upper board, two lower boards located under the upper board and a ventilating board mounted between the upper board and the lower boards. The upper board has two opposite sides each provided with an oblique portion. Each of the lower boards has two opposite sides each provided with an oblique section and has an inner portion provided with a draining channel. The ventilating board has a surface provided with a plurality of vent holes. Thus, the hot air in the building is rapidly drained outward from the upper board through the vent holes of the ventilating board so that the ventilating unit provides a heat radiating effect to the building to lower down the temperature in the building.
Claims 1. A ventilating unit, comprising: an upper board; two lower boards located under the upper board; a ventilating board mounted between the upper board and the two lower boards; wherein the upper board has two opposite sides each provided with an oblique portion extending downward; the two lower boards are located under the two opposite sides of the upper board respectively; each of the two lower boards has two opposite sides each provided with an oblique section extending upward; each of the two lower boards has an inner portion provided with a draining channel located between the oblique sections at the two opposite sides of each of the two lower boards; the ventilating board has a surface provided with a plurality of vent holes. 2. The ventilating unit of claim 1, wherein the upper board is an elongate sheet plate. 3. The ventilating unit of claim 1, wherein the upper board has a substantially triangular cross-sectional profile. 4. The ventilating unit of claim 1, wherein the upper board has a substantially arc-shaped cross-sectional profile. 5. The ventilating unit of claim 1, wherein the ventilating board has two opposite sides each provided with an extension abutting the respective oblique portion of the upper board; the extension of the ventilating board is combined with an inner face of the respective oblique portion of the upper board. 6. The ventilating unit of claim 1, wherein the ventilating board has two opposite sides each provided with an extension abutting the respective oblique portion of the upper board; the extension of the ventilating board is integrally formed on an inner face of the respective oblique portion of the upper board. 7. The ventilating unit of claim 1, wherein the upper board has a substantially inverted U-shaped cross-sectional profile; each of the two lower boards is an elongate sheet plate and has a substantially U-shaped cross-sectional profile; the draining channel of each of the two lower boards faces upward and is connected to the respective oblique portion of the upper board. 8. The ventilating unit of claim 1, wherein some of the vent holes of the ventilating board are connected between the upper board and each of the two lower boards; some of the vent holes of the ventilating board are connected between the upper board and a gap defined between the two lower boards. 9. A ventilating top construction, comprising: two roof assemblies; a plurality of support beams located under the two roof assemblies to support the two roof assemblies; wherein each of the roof assemblies is disposed in an inclined manner and includes a plurality of ventilating units adjoining each other; each of the ventilating units of each of the roof assemblies comprises: an upper board; two lower boards located under the upper board; a ventilating board mounted between the upper board and the two lower boards; the upper board has two opposite sides each provided with an oblique portion extending downward; the two lower boards are located under the two opposite sides of the upper board respectively; each of the two lower boards has two opposite sides each provided with an oblique section extending upward; each of the two lower boards has an inner portion provided with a draining channel located between the oblique sections at the two opposite sides of each of the two lower boards; the ventilating board has a surface provided with a plurality of vent holes. 10. The ventilating top construction of claim 9, wherein the ventilating top construction further comprises: a ridge assembly mounted between the two roof assemblies; the ridge assembly includes: a base mounted between the two roof assemblies; an upper cover plate located above the base; a ventilating plate mounted between the base and the upper cover plate; the base of the ridge assembly includes: two oblique plates; two end caps each mounted between the two oblique plates; each of the two oblique plates has two opposite ends located between the two end caps; the base of the ridge assembly has a gap defining between the two oblique plates; the upper cover plate of the ridge assembly has two opposite sides each provided with an oblique part extending downward; the ventilating plate of the ridge assembly has a surface provided with a plurality of vent bores. 11. The ventilating top construction of claim 9, wherein the ventilating top construction further comprises: two collecting devices each mounted on a lower portion of a respective one of the roof assemblies; each of the collecting devices includes: a collecting channel connected to the ventilating, units of a respective one of the roof assemblies; two drain pipes mounted on and connected to two opposite ends of the collecting channel respectively. 12. The ventilating top construction of claim 9, wherein the upper board of at least one of the ventilating units of each of the roof assemblies has a surface provided with a plurality of mounting holes for mounting a plurality of light permeable panels respectively. 13. The ventilating top construction of claim 9, wherein the upper board of at least one of the ventilating units of each of the roof assemblies has a surface provided with a plurality of mounting bores for mounting a plurality of photovoltaic panels respectively. 14. The ventilating top construction of claim 9, wherein the two roof assemblies are juxtaposed to each other to form a substantially inverted V-shaped profile; 15. The ventilating top construction of claim 10, wherein the vent bores of the ventilating plate are connected between the upper cover plate and the gap of the base. 16. The ventilating top construction of claim 9, wherein the upper board of each of the ventilating units is an elongate sheet plate; each of the two lower boards of each of the ventilating units is an elongate sheet plate 17. The ventilating top construction of claim 9, wherein the upper board of each of the ventilating units has a substantially inverted U-shaped cross-sectional profile; each of the two lower boards of each of the ventilating units has a substantially U-shaped cross-sectional profile. 