A seesaw (5; 5a) comprises a plurality of illumination means (10; 10a) provided on both sides or ends of a pivotable elongate member (15; 15a) the illumination means (10; 10a) are controlled by control means dependent upon the inclination of the elongate member (15; 15a).
Claims 1. A seesaw or play equipment comprising at least one illumination means. 2. A seesaw as claimed in claim 1, wherein the seesaw comprises a base portion and first and second end portions spaced in opposingly distal relation to the base portion. 3. A seesaw as claimed in claim 2, wherein the seesaw comprises means for allowing at least simultaneous opposing vertical movements of the first and second end portions. 4. A seesaw as claimed in claim 2, wherein the seesaw is moveable or pivotable around a horizontal transverse axis between the first and second end portions. 5. A seesaw as claimed in claim 2, wherein the seesaw comprises means for selectively controlling the illumination means dependent upon a position of at least one of the first and second end portions. 6. A seesaw as claimed in claim 2, wherein the first and second end portions comprise respective first and second mounting or seating means. 7. A seesaw as claimed in claim 1, wherein the at least one illumination means comprises a plurality of illumination means. 8. A seesaw as claimed in claim 1, wherein the seesaw comprises an elongate member, and optionally where there are provided a plurality of illumination means such are provided spaced along the elongate member. 9. A seesaw as claimed in claim 8, wherein, in use, movement or inclination of the elongate member selectively controls operation of the illumination means. 10. A seesaw as claimed in claim 1, wherein the seesaw comprises a base, which is optionally and beneficially fixed relative to the ground. 11. A seesaw as claimed in claim 1, wherein an elongate member is attached to a base by a tilt or pivot means. 12. A seesaw as claimed in claim 8, wherein the illumination means are provided on or in the elongate member. 13. A seesaw as claimed in claim 12, wherein the illumination means comprises a plurality of illumination means, and the illumination means are provided along the elongate member. 14. A seesaw as claimed in claim 13, wherein the illumination means are provided in a spaced, such as a substantially equally spaced, relation along the elongate member. 15. A seesaw as claimed in claim 8, wherein the elongate member comprises a first side or end on one side of the pivot means and a second side or end on the other side of the pivot means. 16. A seesaw as claimed in claim 15, wherein the illumination means are disposed substantially symmetrically on the elongate member on either end thereof. 17. A seesaw as claimed in claim 16, where the/each illumination means comprises a light emitting diode (LED). 18. A seesaw as claimed in claim 8, wherein the/each/at least some of the illumination means are provided on or adjacent a topmost or at least partially upper facing surface or portion of the elongate member. 19. A seesaw as claimed in claim 8 or any of claims 9 to 18 when dependent upon claim 8, wherein the or each or some of the illumination means are provided within the elongate member adjacent a respective hole or aperture or window. 20. A seesaw as claimed in claim 8, wherein the elongate member is at least partly hollow or tubular, and the illumination means are provided adjacent a respective hole or aperture or window. 21. A seesaw as claimed in claim 8, wherein the or each or at least some of the or further illumination means is provided at or adjacent first and second ends of the elongate member. 22. A seesaw as claimed in claim 21, wherein seat means are provided at either end of the elongate member, and the or each or at least some of the illumination means are provided on the/each seat means, such as around a peripheral portion(s) thereof. 23. A seesaw as claimed in claim 1, wherein there are provided means for controlling the illumination means. 24. A seesaw as claimed in claim 23, wherein the control means comprises tilt detection means, such as means for detecting tilt or an angle of the elongate member. 25. A seesaw as claimed in claim 2, wherein, in use, the illumination means are in a first illumination arrangement when the first end portion is above or level with the second end portion, and the illumination means are in a second illumination arrangement when the second end portion is above or level with the first end portion. 26. A seesaw as claimed in claim 18, wherein the control means control or switch the illumination means such that one or more illumination means on one end of the elongate member are on or illuminated when the one end is up, and one or more illumination means on the other end of the elongate member are off or not illuminated when the other end is down. 27. A seesaw as claimed in claim 26, wherein in use, when the one end is moved down and the other end is moved up, the illumination means on the one end switches off, and the illumination means on the other end switches on. 28. A seesaw as claimed in claim 23, wherein the control means controls or switches the illumination means such that the illumination means on one end of the elongate member are off or not illuminated when the one end is up, and one or more illumination means on the other end of the elongate member is/are on or illuminated when the other end is down. 29. A seesaw as claimed in claim 28, wherein, in use, when the one end is moved down and the other end is moved up, the illumination means on the one end switches on, and the illumination means at the other end switches off. 30. A seesaw as claimed in claim 26, wherein in a mid position when both end portions are at substantially the same horizontal level, the illumination means on both end portions are either on or off. 31. A seesaw as claimed in claim 1, wherein, in use, when illuminated the illumination means illuminate continuously or intermittently. 32. A seesaw as claimed in claim 23, wherein the illumination means are controlled or selectively or switchably controlled by the control means independent of the orientation or tilt of the elongate member. 33. A seesaw as claimed in claim 32, wherein illumination means are, in use, caused to operate sequentially. 34. A seesaw as claimed in claim 1, wherein there are provided further illumination means, such as on or adjacent one or both ends of the elongate member, such as on seats, which further illumination means are illuminated continuously or are caused to flash, in use, optionally in a similar manner to illumination means on said end. 35. A seesaw as claimed in claim 11, wherein the tilt or pivot means allows the elongate member to pivot about the base, such that when one end of the elongate member is down the other end is up, and vice versa. 36. A seesaw as claimed in claim 11, wherein the tilt or pivot means allow the elongate member to rotate around the base. 37. A seesaw as claimed in claim 1, wherein the illumination means are powered by one or more batteries or cells. 38. A seesaw as claimed in claim 1, wherein the illumination means are powered by solar power means. 39. A seesaw as claimed in claim 8, wherein the elongate member and/or the base are made from metal, such as tubular metal. 40. A seesaw as claimed in claim 1, wherein a/the seat(s) is/are made from plastic or alternatively wood. 41. A play apparatus or equipment, such as a seesaw, comprising a pivotable elongate member and at least one illumination means or light. 42. An illumination means adapted for use or when used in a seesaw or play equipment according to claim 1. 43. An elongate member adapted for use in a play equipment, such as a seesaw, according to claim 1. 44. (canceled) 