The inflatable solar energy collector includes an inflatable cell supported in a frame. The frame may be adjustable to maximize the angle of exposure for the inflatable cell. Each inflatable cell includes an outer, transparent bladder and an inner, blackened bladder. A central partition runs through both inner and outer bladders to be mounted to the frame. The central partition maintains the inflatable cell taut on the frame. Both bladders include at least one vent hole, and at least the inner bladder has openings for air inlet and air outlet to define and control flow of medium therein. When inflated, the medium inside the inner bladder heats up from solar energy, and the heated medium is passed on for use. The inflated outer bladder provides insulation for the inner bladder. A plurality of inflatable solar energy collectors may be arranged in an array.
Claims 1. An inflatable solar energy collector, comprising at least one inflatable cell adapted to be mounted to a frame, the inflatable cell having: a transparent outer inflatable bladder; an inner inflatable bladder disposed inside the outer inflatable bladder, at least a portion of the inner inflatable bladder having a solar absorbent surface; an inlet extending through the outer bladder and into the inner bladder, the inlet being adapted for filling the inner bladder with a medium; and an outlet extending from the inner bladder through the outer bladder, the outlet being adapted for discharging the medium outside the cell, the inner bladder having least one vent near the outlet for introducing the medium from the inner bladder to the outer bladder in order to inflate the outer bladder; wherein the medium flowing through the inflatable cell is heated by solar energy to produce usable energy. 2. The inflatable solar energy collector according to claim 1, further comprising an adjustable frame, said cell being mounted on the frame for supporting said inflatable cell in an optimum position for absorbing the solar energy. 3. The inflatable solar energy collector according to claim 2, wherein said adjustable frame comprises: a pair of laterally spaced side frame members, a top frame member and a bottom frame member, the frame members each having an attachment bar for holding said inflatable cell taut therebetween; at least one lower support leg pivotally mounted to the bottom frame member; and at least one adjustable upper support leg pivotally mounted to the top frame member, the at least one adjustable upper support leg being extendable to selectively adjust angular orientation of said inflatable cell with respect to the sun. 4. The inflatable solar energy collector according to claim 3, further comprising an articulated, self-adjusting footpad disposed on said at least one lower support leg and said at least one upper support leg to stabilize said adjustable frame on a surface. 5. The inflatable solar energy collector according to claim 2, wherein said at least one inflatable cell comprises a plurality of said inflatable cells, each of the cells being mounted within its own corresponding said adjustable frame, said cells being arranged in rows. 6. The inflatable solar energy collector according to claim 1, wherein said heat absorbent surface is made from a material selected from the group consisting of black, colored, and heat-absorbing materials. 7. The inflatable solar energy collector according to claim 6, further comprising a partition extending through said inner bladder and said outer bladder to bisect said inner bladder and said outer bladder into respective halves, said partition having at least one vent extending between the halves of said inner bladder to permit flow of the medium between the halves, and at least one vent extending between the halves of said outer bladder to permit flow of the medium between the halves. 8. The inflatable solar energy collector according to claim 7, further comprising a plurality of inflatable baffles extending within said inner bladder between said inlet and said outlet, the baffles having a scallop shape to provide a larger surface area for heating the medium. 9. The inflatable solar energy collector according to claim 8, wherein said plurality of baffles vary in size from small to large from the center of said inner bladder outwards to ensure even medium flow through said baffles. 10. The inflatable solar energy collector according to claim 6, further comprising a partition extending through said outer bladder to bisect said outer bladder into halves, said inner bladder being disposed completely on one side of said partition, said partition having at least one vent extending between said inner bladder and said outer bladder to permit flow of the medium between said inner bladder and said outer bladder, said partition having at least one vent extending between the halves of said outer bladder to permit flow of the medium between the halves of said outer bladder. 11. The inflatable solar energy collector according to claim 10, further comprising a separate medium inlet disposed in said outer bladder. 12. The inflatable solar energy collector according to claim 1, wherein portions of said outer bladder include a reflective surface to concentrate solar rays onto said inner bladder. 13. The inflatable solar energy collector according to claim 1, wherein portions of said inner bladder without a solar absorbent surface are transparent. 14. The inflatable solar energy collector according to claim 1, further comprising the medium, the medium being air. 15. The inflatable solar energy collector according to claim 1, further comprising a thermal energy circulation system connected to said at least one inflatable cell for converting heated medium into usable energy. 16. The inflatable solar energy collector according to claim 15, wherein said thermal energy circulation system comprises: a plurality of medium flow lines for directing the medium through the system; a pump connected to the flow lines for circulating the medium through the system; a plurality of selectively operable control valves disposed in the flow lines for selectively defining flow paths of the medium; a thermal storage connected to the flow lines for storing excess heat; a heat exchanger connected to the flow lines for transferring heat from the medium to a locale where the heat is used as an energy source; a plurality of temperature sensors disposed at select locations along the flow lines to monitor temperature of the medium therein; a plurality of pressure sensors at select locations along the flow lines to monitor pressure of the medium therein; and a controller connected to the valves and the pump for controlling operations of the control valves and the pump based upon information from the temperature and pressure sensors to insure efficient heat production within predefined parameters. 17. The inflatable solar energy collector according to claim 16, further comprising at least one bypass valve operable by said controller to relieve excess pressure in said flow lines. 18. The inflatable solar energy collector according to claim 16, wherein said pump is a variable speed pump. 19. The inflatable solar energy collector according to claim 1, wherein said at least a portion of the inner inflatable bladder having a solar absorbent surface comprises at least half of the inner inflatable bladder. 