A non-contact magnetic current sensing system (100) for measuring a plurality of power generation sources includes one or more fused electrical inputs (104, 105) that are arranged in parallel manner to form a comb feeding a center conductor member for receiving power from the power generation sources. A return connection block (113) is separated from the plurality of input fuses for providing a return path for the power generation sources. An electronic current sensing module (300) is used for providing current sensing for each of the plurality of input fuses (104, 105) in a non-contact manner. The invention provides that the electronic current sensing module is positioned over the comb for electrically connecting the electric current module to each of the plurality of input fuses and is powered solely from the power generation sources without the use of power from electrical mains.
Claims 1. A non-contact magnetic current sensing system for measuring a plurality of power generation sources comprising: a plurality of electrical inputs from the power generation sources arranged in parallel to form a comb feeding a center conductor member; a return connection block separated from the plurality of inputs for providing a return path for the power generation sources; a electronic current sensing module for providing current sensing for each of the plurality of input fuses in a non-contact manner; and wherein the electronic current sensing module is positioned over the comb for electrically connecting the electric current module to each of the plurality of electrical inputs. 2. A non-contact magnetic current sensing system as in claim 1, further comprising: a grounding connection block for providing an earth ground for the non-contact magnetic current sensing system. 3. A non-contact magnetic current sensing system as in claim 1, further comprising: an insulator barrier positioned between the plurality of input fuses and the return connection block. 4. A non-contact magnetic current sensing system as in claim 1, wherein the electronic current sensing module includes a plurality of Hall effect devices for measuring current. 5. A non-contact magnetic current sensing system as in claim 1, wherein the electronic current sensing module is powered by the power generation sources. 6. A non-contact magnetic current sensing system as in claim 3, wherein the electronic current sensing module is not power by an electrical mains input. 7. A non-contact magnetic current sensing system as in claim 1, wherein the power generation sources are solar cells. 8. A non-contact magnetic current sensing system as in claim 1, wherein the comb is mounted within a sealed electrical box. 9. A non-contact magnetic current sensing system for measuring a plurality of power generation sources comprising: a plurality of parallel arranged electrical inputs forming a comb having a center conductor for providing an input current path for the plurality of current sources; a return connection block for providing a return current path for the plurality of power sources; and an electronic current sensing module for mounting over the comb for providing a plurality of Hall effect devices to measure current for each one of the plurality of current sources. 10. A non-contact magnetic current sensing system as in claim 9, wherein the Hall effect devices make no physical contact with the plurality of current sources. 11. A non-contact magnetic current sensing system as in claim 9, wherein the electronic current sensing module is powered solely by the power generation sources. 12. A non-contact magnet current sensing system as in claim 9, wherein the electronic current sensing module is not powered by an input power main. 13. A non-contact magnet current sensing system as in claim 9, further comprising a grounding connection block for providing an earth ground for the non-contact magnetic current sensing system. 14. A non-contact magnetic current sensing system as in claim 9, further comprising an insulator barrier positioned between the plurality of input fuses and the return connection block. 15. A non-contact magnetic current sensing system as in claim 9, wherein the system is mounted in a sealed electrical box. 16. A non-contact magnetic current sensing system as in claim 9, wherein the electrical inputs are fused. 17. A non-contact magnetic current sensing system as in claim 9, wherein the plurality of power generation sources are solar cells. 18. A system from non-contact magnetic current sensing system for measuring a plurality of solar cell power sources comprising: a plurality of fused electrical inputs arranged in parallel to form a comb feeding a center conductor member for receiving power from the solar cell power sources; a return connection block separated from the plurality of fused electrical inputs for providing a return path for the solar cell power sources; a grounding connection block for providing an earth ground for the non-contact magnetic current sensing system; an insulator barrier positioned between the plurality of fused electrical inputs and the return connection block; a electronic current sensing module for providing current sensing for each of the plurality of input fuses in a non-contact manner; and wherein the electronic current sensing module is powered solely by the power generation sources. 19. A non-contact magnetic current sensing system as in claim 18, wherein the electronic current sensing module is positioned over the comb for electrically connecting the electronic current module to each of the plurality of fused inputs. 20. A non-contact magnetic current sensing system as in claim 18, wherein the electronic current sensing module includes a plurality of Hall effect devices for measuring current. 21. A non-contact magnetic current sensing system as in claim 20, wherein the electronic current sensing module is not powered by an electrical mains input. 22. A non-contact magnetic current sensing system as in claim 18, further comprising a sealed electrical box for housing the non-contact magnetic current sensing system. 