One embodiment of a continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades comprises of a general generator (150) and six sets of auxiliary blade sets (120) each propelled by a motor (130) of its own. Motors (130) are powered up by batteries, solar panels, or by a fraction of power generated by the generator (150). When motors (130) are powered, auxiliary blade sets (120) propel and create a force perpendicular to the extended arm (110B) to which it is mounted and resulting torque promotes rotary motion of the overall mounting device (110). A transmission device transfers the rotary motion of the mounting device (110) of auxiliary blade sets (120) and motors (130) to the shaft of generator (150A) and results in production of electricity. Clear advantages of this embodiment compared to current HAWT system includes: generation of electricity regardless of the amount of natural wind available and local weather condition, cheap and easy system to implement to improve on or replace existing wind farm, and increased accessibility to clean, green energy to meet growing demands for energy while protecting the environment.
Claims 1.-8. (canceled) 9. A continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades, comprising: a mounting device having a central shaft and one or more connecting parts radiating from the central shaft of the mounting device, providing a rigid area of sufficient size for mounting one or more auxiliary blade sets, each auxiliary blade set comprising one or more blades rotatably mounted to a shaft, such that a rotation of each of the auxiliary blade sets generates a force parallel to its respective shaft, each auxiliary blade set mounted to the one or more connecting parts by its respective shaft; and one or more motors connected to each auxiliary blade set; and a generator connected to the central shaft of the mounting device and powered by the torque of the central shaft of the mounting device resulting in part from the force generated by the rotation of the one or more auxiliary blade sets. 10. The continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades according to claim 9, wherein the central shaft of the mounting device is fixed to a shaft of the generator and directly transfers the torque of the one or more auxiliary blade sets to the shaft of the generator. 11. The continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades of claim 9, further including a separate transmission component that transfers the torque of the central shaft of the mounting device to a shaft of the generator. 12. The continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades of claim 9, wherein at least one of the auxiliary blade sets is propelled by its respective motor. 13. The continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades of claim 9, wherein at least one of the motors is powered by a source selected from the group consisting of batteries, solar panels and a fraction of power generated by the generator. 14. The continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades according to claim 9, wherein two of the connecting parts radiating from the central shaft are placed at a different elevation from each other along the central shaft. 15. A continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades, comprising: a wind turbine, without a traditional tower, having a housing encapsulating a generator of the wind turbine, the housing being mounted directly on a horizontal base rather than a tower, a central shaft of the generator extending vertically; one or more rigid extension parts radiating from the central shaft of the generator, such that a rotational swiping area of the one or more extension parts is horizontal; one or more auxiliary blade sets comprising one or more blades rotatably mounted to a shaft, such that a rotation of each of the auxiliary blades generates a force parallel to its respective shaft and perpendicular to the central shaft, each auxiliary blade set mounted to at least one of the one or more extension parts by its respective shaft; one or more motors connected to each auxiliary blade set; and the generator is powered by the torque of the central shaft resulting in part from the force generated by the rotation of the one or more auxiliary blade sets. 16. The continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades of claim 15, wherein the one or more rigid extension parts comprises a combination of one or more turbine blades and one or more connecting parts radiating from the central shaft, providing a rigid area of sufficient size for mounting the one or more auxiliary blade sets having the one or more motors. 17. The continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades of claim 15, wherein at least one of the auxiliary blade sets is propelled by its respective motor. 18. The continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades of claim 15, wherein at least one of the motors is powered by a source selected from the group consisting of batteries, solar panels and a fraction of power generated by the generator. 19. A continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades, comprising: a vertical axis wind turbine with one or more rigid extension parts mounted to a vertical central shaft; one or more auxiliary blade sets comprising one or more blades rotatably mounted to a shaft, such that a rotation of each of the auxiliary blades generates a force parallel to its respective shaft and perpendicular to the central shaft, each auxiliary blade set mounted to at least one of the one or more extension parts by its respective shaft; and one or more motors connected to each auxiliary blade set; and a generator connected to and powered by the torque of the central shaft resulting in part from the force generated by the rotation of the one or more auxiliary blade sets. 20. The continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades of claim 19, wherein the one or more rigid extension parts comprises a combination of one or more turbine blades mounted to one or more connecting parts radiating from the central shaft. 21. The continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades of claim 19, wherein at least one of the auxiliary blade sets is propelled by its respective motor. 22. The continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades of claim 19, wherein at least one of the motors is powered by a source selected from the group consisting of batteries, solar panels and a fraction of power generated by the generator. 23. A method for operating the continuous wind power system of claim 9, the method comprising: a. checking an output level of at least one generator of the wind power system constantly; b. comparing a current output level of the at least one generator to the rated capacity of the at least one generator; c. increasing a revolution per minute (RPM) of at least one of the motors when the output level of the at least one generator is less than the rated capacity of the at least one generator; and d. decreasing the RPM of the at least one of the motors when the current output level of the at least one generator is greater than the rated capacity of the at least one generator. 