The subject invention relates to a semiconductor package and method of manufacturing the same. The semiconductor package of the subject invention comprises a substrate with a through hole penetrating therethrough; a semiconductor chip positioned on the substrate covering the through hole; and a thermal conductive device filling the through hole and contacting the semiconductor chip. According to the subject invention, the thermal resistance in the structure of the semiconductor package is substantially reduced and thus desirable performance of heat spreading or dissipation is achieved. In addition, the production cost and size of the semiconductor package are also reduced.
Claims 1. A semiconductor package, comprising: a substrate with a through hole penetrating therethrough; a semiconductor chip positioned on the substrate covering the through hole; and a thermal conductive device filling the through hole and contacting the semiconductor chip. 2. The semiconductor package according to claim 1, wherein the substrate is made of at least one of semiconductor, organic-based material, metal-based material, and ceramic-based material. 3. The semiconductor package according to claim 1, wherein the substrate further comprises an isolation layer covering the through hole. 4. The semiconductor package according to claim 1, wherein the semiconductor chip comprises at least one of Si-based IC, light emitting diode, compound-based solar cell, and passive component and device. 5. The semiconductor package according to claim 1, further comprising a bonding material positioned between the semiconductor chip and the substrate, wherein the bonding material comprises at least one of Ag, Cu, and Al. 6. The semiconductor package according to claim 5, further comprising a joint layer positioned between the semiconductor chip and the bonding material, wherein the joint layer is made of at least one of organic material, metal-polymer mixture, and alloy paste. 7. The semiconductor package according to claim 3, wherein the thermal conductive device comprises a thermal spreading element and a seed layer, wherein the seed layer is positioned between the isolation layer and the thermal spreading element and between the semiconductor chip and the thermal spreading element. 8. The semiconductor package according to claim 7, wherein the seed layer is made of a material heterogeneous or homogeneous to the thermal spreading element, and the material comprises at least one of Cu, TiW, Ag, and other high conductive material. 9. A method of forming a semiconductor package, comprising: providing a substrate with a through hole penetrating therethrough; mounting a semiconductor chip on the substrate, wherein the semiconductor chip covers the through hole; and filling a thermal conductive device in the through hole, wherein the thermal conductive device contacts the semiconductor chip. 10. The method according to claim 9, wherein the through hole is formed by at least one of chemical etching, mechanical drilling, dry-etching, and laser drilling. 11. The method according to claim 9, wherein the substrate is made of at least one of semiconductor, organic-based material, metal-based material, and ceramic-based material. 12. The method according to claim 9, further comprising forming an isolation layer covering the through hole by at least one of sputtering, evaporation, and other deposition process. 13. The method according to claim 9, wherein the semiconductor chip comprises at least one of Si-based IC, light emitting diode, compound-based solar cell, and passive component and device. 14. The method according to claim 9, further comprising forming a bonding material between the semiconductor chip and the substrate by at least one of sputtering, evaporation, plating process, and other deposition process before mounting the semiconductor chip on the substrate, wherein the bonding material comprises at least one of Ag, Cu, and Al. 15. The method according to claim 14, further comprising forming a joint layer between the semiconductor chip and the bonding metal by at least one of printing and dispensing before mounting the semiconductor chip on the substrate, and the joint layer is made at least one of organic material, metal-polymer mixture, and alloy paste. 16. The method according to claim 12, wherein filling the thermal conductive device comprises forming a seed layer over the isolation layer and filling a thermal spreading element over the seed layer. 17. The method according to claim 16, wherein the seed layer is formed by at least one of sputtering, evaporation, printing, electroless plating, and other deposition process, and the seed layer is made of a material heterogeneous or homogeneous to the thermal spreading element, the material comprises at least one of Cu, TiW, Ag, and other high conductive material. 18. The method according to claim 16, wherein the thermal spreading element is formed by at least one of electro-plating, electroless-plating, and other deposition process, and the thermal spreading element is made of at least one of Cu, Ag, and other high thermal conductive material. 