The invention is a radiant energy trap. As a solar collector it can combine diffuse light concentration and hybrid electric and thermal conversion. A refractor comprises a plurality of non-imaging concentrators, each interfaced with a corresponding receiver, adjacent to a reflector, which can be symmetrical or asymmetrical, with optically independent or dependant sections. The refractor can be a composite of layers, solid or nested fluid layers. The fluid can be a transparent refractive component or be optically independent from the refractive function of the invention and can flow through the refractor as a thermal transfer medium. The refractor can selectively direct radiant energy without reducing the collectors angle of acceptance (AOA) of ambient radiant energy, can take advantage of total internal reflection and can be thermally isolated. The invention has a relatively high concentration (CR) of diffuse light when the AOA is equivalent to that of a flat panel collector.
Claims 1. I claim a radiant energy trap comprising; at least one reflector, refractor and receiver of said radiant energy; wherein said at least one refractor comprises at least one transparent material, said transparent material comprises at least one non-ambient refractive index (RI), said at least one refractor comprises at least one transparent surface area, wherein said at least one reflector comprises at least one reflector positioned to reflect at least a portion of ambient said radiant energy to at least one of said refractor's at least one transparent surface area, wherein, said at least one refractor comprises a plurality of non-imaging concentrators, said plurality of non-imaging concentrators positioned to accept at least a portion of said radiant energy from said at least one refractors' transparent surface area, wherein said plurality of non-imaging concentrators interface with said at least one receiver of said radiant energy, wherein, said radiant energy trap comprises a radiant energy trap aperture area for said ambient radiant energy. 2. The radiant energy trap of claim 1, wherein said at least one refractor comprises a mirror image paired refractor, said mirror image paired refractor comprises respective halves of mirror image paired said non-imaging concentrators. 3. The radiant energy trap of claim 2, wherein, said mirror image paired non-imaging concentrators comprise a mirror image interface, said at least one receiver comprises at least one bifacial receiver, said mirror image interface comprises said at least one bifacial receiver. 4. The radiant energy trap of claim 3, wherein said mirror image paired non-imaging concentrators comprise mirrored image paired compound parabolic concentrators (CPCs). 5. The radiant energy trap of claim 4, wherein each of said mirror image paired CPCs comprises a corresponding said at least one bifacial receiver, said corresponding bifacial receiver comprises a bifacial photovoltaic (PV) cell, said bifacial PV cell comprises at least one bifacial PV cell, said at least one bifacial PV cell comprises a PV cell area, said radiant energy trap aperture area and said PV cell area comprise a proportional relationship, said proportional relationship comprises a concentration ratio (CR). 6. The radiant energy trap of claim 5 wherein said mirror image paired refractor comprises a solid and fluid material. 7. The radiant energy trap of claim 6, wherein said solid material substantially confines said fluid material for fluid flow means of said fluid material, said fluid material positioned for thermal transfer means with said PV cell area, said fluid material a thermal transfer fluid. 8. The radiant energy trap of claim 7, wherein each mirror image half of said mirror image paired CPCs comprise 2-D CPCs extended in the third dimension as contiguous rows of transverse oriented trough type CPCs. 9. The radiant energy trap of claim 8, wherein each of said transverse oriented trough type CPCs comprise opposed paired said at least one reflector and one face of said bifacial PV cell, wherein each of said opposed paired reflector positioned to direct at least a portion of said radiant energy to a corresponding said one face of said bifacial PV cell. 10. The radiant energy trap of claim 9, wherein said mirror image paired refractor's transparent surface area comprises longitudinally oriented mirror image prism shaped apertures. 11. The radiant energy trap of claim 10, wherein said solid material and said fluid material each comprise an RI, wherein said solid material RI, said fluid material RI and said prism shaped apertures, substantially comprise a shape means for total internal reflection (TIR) of said radiant energy. 12. The radiant energy trap of claim 11, wherein said at least one reflector positioned to reflect at least a portion of ambient said radiant energy to said at least one refractor comprises a longitudinal trough like asymmetrical pair of optically dependent reflector sections, said optically dependent reflector sections contiguous at a longitudinal reflector line, said asymmetrical pair of optically dependent reflector sections nest said mirror image pair refractor prism shaped apertures, said longitudinal reflector line contiguous with a longitudinal line along said mirror image pair refractor prism shaped apertures. 13. The radiant energy trap of claim 12, wherein said longitudinal trough like asymmetrical pair of optically dependent reflector sections and said refractors' longitudinal mirror image pair prism shaped aperture and contiguous rows of transverse oriented trough type CPCs' comprise a shape means for an orthogonal pair of longitudinal and transverse angles of acceptance (AOA) of said radiant energy. 14. The radiant energy trap of claim 13, wherein said transverse AOA subtends about 130.degree., said longitudinal AOA subtends about 180.degree., with said CR about five and a half. 15. The radiant energy trap of claim 14, wherein said solid material comprises acrylic and said fluid material comprises mineral oil. 16. The radiant energy trap of claim 7, wherein said mirror image paired refractor's transparent surface area comprises mirror image planar transparent apertures. 17. The radiant energy trap of claim 16, wherein said mirror image paired CPCs comprise a contiguous grid of mirror image paired 3-D CPCs. 18. The radiant energy trap of claim 17, wherein each of said 3-D CPCs comprises transverse and longitudinal, orthogonally paired CPC type reflectors and one face of corresponding said bifacial PV cell. 19. The radiant energy trap of claim 18, wherein corresponding mirror image planar transparent apertures and each of said longitudinal paired CPC type reflectors and each of said transverse paired CPC type reflectors comprises a shape means for about a 180.degree. longitudinal AOA and about a 180.degree. transverse AOA of said radiant energy, respectively. 20. The radiant energy trap of claim 19, wherein, said mirror image pair of contiguous grid 3-D CPCs comprise interstice, said interstice comprise said thermal transfer fluid, said thermal transfer fluid independent of said refractors RI. 21. The radiant energy trap of claim 20, wherein said at least one reflector positioned to reflect at least a portion of ambient said radiant energy to said at least one refractor comprises a symmetrically paired longitudinal trough CPC type reflector, wherein said symmetrically paired longitudinal trough CPC type reflector symmetrically nests said mirror image paired contiguous grid 3-D CPCs' planar transparent apertures, said symmetrically paired longitudinal trough CPC type reflector comprises a longitudinal centerline, said symmetrically paired longitudinal trough CPC type reflector's longitudinal centerline contiguous with a longitudinal centerline along one of said mirror image paired contiguous grid 3-D CPCs, planar refractor's transparent apertures. 22. The radiant energy trap of claim 21, wherein said symmetrically paired, longitudinal trough CPC type reflector and said mirror image paired contiguous grid 3-D CPCs refractor's planar transparent apertures comprise a shape means for longitudinal 180.degree. and transverse 130.degree. AOA, with said CR about five. 23. The radiant energy trap further comprises any of the following; a) fluid confinement or transport structures b) fluid ancillary components c) thermal transport, isolation, conversion or storage components, d) frames or enclosures, e) transparent glazing, f) evacuated space structures, g) electrical conductive or interconnect means or ancillary components, h) transducers detectors, or thermal absorbers, i) optically dependant reflective components j) arrayed configurations, k) mounting or Installation components. 