The present invention relates to a camera device for outdoor photography and a method to capture wildlife photographs. The camera device comprises: a four sided block; a solar panel on the top side of the block, where the solar panel supplies power to the camera device; a camera lens on each side of the block; a sensor on each side of the block, where the sensor detects motion and activates the camera lens associated with said sensor; and a programming panel on each side of the block, where the programming panel may program the functionality of each camera and sensor. The camera device also includes adequate memory and a processor, where the memory stores photographs taken by each camera and the processor executes commands related to the functionality of each camera and sensor of the camera device.
Claims 1. A camera device for outdoor photography comprising: a. a four sided block; b. a solar panel on the top side of the block, where the solar panel provides a means to supply power to the camera device; c. a camera lens on each side of the block; d. a sensor on each side of the block, where the sensor provides a means to detect motion and activate the camera lens associated with said sensor; and e. a programming panel on each side of the block, where the programming panel provides a means to program the functionality of each camera and sensor. 2. The camera device according to claim 1, further comprising a flash on each side of the block. 3. The camera device according to claim 1, further comprising memory and a processor where the memory provides a means to store photographs taken by each camera and the processor executes commands related to the functionality of each camera and sensor of the camera device. 4. The camera device according to claim 1, further comprises a wireless communication means to transmit photographs to a remote location via the Internet. 5. The camera device according to claim 1, further including a means to camouflage said camera device. 6. The camera device according to claim 1, further including an anti-theft system to detect the movement of the camera device from a specified location. 7. The camera device according to claim 1, where said camera device includes a means to waterproof said camera device and enable the camera device to withstand various environmental conditions. 8. The camera device according to claim 1, further including a mounting means, where said mounting means enables the camera device to be mounted on a tripod 9. A method to capture wildlife photographs comprising the steps of: a. positioning a four sided camera in an outdoor environment, where said four sided camera includes cameras, sensors, flashes and a programming panel on each side thereof; b. programming said camera to take photographs at certain instances that are detectable by said sensors; c. wirelessly transmitting photographs from the camera device to a remote user; and d. retrieving said photographs transmitted from the camera device. 10. The method according to claim 10, where said photographs are transmitted via the Internet. 11. The method according to claim 10, where said photographs are retrieved via a website. 12. The method according to claim 10, where said photographs are retrieved via electronic mail. 