A system for analysing an interior energy system comprising: at least one detachable sensor arranged to monitor a portion of the interior energy system; and an apparatus comprising a processor configured to receive data of a first parameter of the interior energy system from the at least one detachable sensor and determine a second parameter of the interior energy which is inferred on the basis of the received data of the first parameter; and determine a characteristic of the interior energy system from the determined second parameter. The system may provide analysis of the interior energy system and recommend improvements.
Claims 1.-40. (canceled) 41. An apparatus for analysing an interior energy system comprising: a processor configured to receive data of a first parameter of the interior energy system from at least one detachable sensor, the at least one detachable sensor being arranged to monitor a portion of the interior energy system; determine a second parameter of the interior energy system using the received data of the first parameter; and determine a characteristic of the interior energy system from the determined second parameter. 42. An apparatus according to claim 41, wherein the second parameter relates to another different portion of the interior energy system. 43. An apparatus according to claim 41 wherein the second parameter is not directly determinable with the at least one detachable sensor. 44. An apparatus according to claim 41 wherein the processor is configured to provide information comprising an analysis of the interior energy system based on the determined characteristic. 45. An apparatus according to claim 41 wherein the processor is configured to determine the second parameter on the basis of the received data of the first parameter and a stored value. 46. An apparatus according to claim 45 wherein the stored value is inputted by the user, received from a remote server or installed as a factory setting. 47. An apparatus according to claim 46 wherein the processor is configured to determine the second parameter using a modeling algorithm and the received data. 48. An apparatus according to claim 47 wherein the information comprises a recommendation for a user to modify their behavioural use of the interior energy system and/or the building. 49. An apparatus according to claim 48 wherein the information comprises any of the following: a suggested modified configuration of all or a portion of the interior energy system, detection of a fault in all or a portion of the interior energy system and/or maintenance in all or a portion of the interior energy system. 50. An apparatus according to claim 49 wherein the information comprises an indication to manually adjust the configuration of the interior energy system and/or at least a portion of the interior energy system. 51. An apparatus according to claim 49 wherein the interior energy system is any of the following: an electric heating system, a gas heating system, an oil heating system, a combined heat and power system, a bio-fuel power system a solid fuel heating system, a hot water system, an electrical supply system and an air conditioning system. 52. An apparatus according to claim 49 wherein the processor is configured to determine if further data is required for determining a characteristic of the interior energy system on the basis of the received sensor data. 53. An apparatus according to claim 49 claims wherein the processor is configured to determine a parameter of the at least one detachable sensor to modify on the basis on the data. 54. An apparatus according to claim 53 wherein the processor is configured to provide information on the parameter of the at least one detachable sensor to be modified. 55. An apparatus according to claim 54 wherein the parameter of the at least one detachable sensor is any of the following: location or configuration of the at least one detachable sensor, or timing configuration of when the at least one detachable sensor monitors the interior energy system. 56. An apparatus according to claim 55 wherein the processor is configured to determine if further data is required for determining the second parameter of the interior energy system on the basis of the received sensor data. 57. An apparatus according to claim 56 wherein the information comprises a request for additional sensors to monitor the interior energy system and to send data to the apparatus. 58. An apparatus according to claim 57 wherein the first and second parameter is one or more of the following parameters: temperature of a hot water tank of the interior energy system, the flow rates of the water in pipes of the interior energy system, calorific consumption of a boiler of the interior energy system, the efficiency of the boiler of the interior energy system, timer settings of the interior energy system, settings of at least one thermostat of the interior energy system, burning periods of the boiler, usage periods of the interior energy system, quantity of insulation of the building, quantity of solar beating of the building, temperature of one or more pipes, temperature of water in one or more pipes and temperature of water in the hot water tank or other water bearing component of the interior energy system, heat transfer between components of the interior energy system or interior or exterior portions of the building, position of at least one valve of the interior energy system, dimensions of at least one component of the interior energy system, dimensions of at least one portion of the building. 59. An apparatus according to claim 58 wherein the processor is configured to receive the data from the at least one detachable sensor via a wireless network. 60. An apparatus according to claim 59 the processor is configured to receive the data from the at least one detachable sensor via a hub and over a wireless network. 61. An apparatus according to claim 59 wherein the processor is configured to further determine a characteristic of the interior energy system to be modified on the basis of data regarding meteorological information and seasonal information. 62. An apparatus according to claim 61 wherein the data regarding the external factors is received from a remote server and is stored in the apparatus. 63. An apparatus according to claim 61 wherein the processor is configured to further determine a characteristic of the interior energy system on the basis of timing data of when the climate system in use. 64. An apparatus according to claim 61 wherein the at least one detachable sensor is a temperature sensor configured to monitor one or more of the following: a heating pipe of the interior energy system, a water pipe, the ambient temperature of a portion of the building, the temperature of a radiator of the interior energy system, the temperature of a hot water tank of the interior energy system, and the temperature of an object which is in a portion of the building. 65. An apparatus according to claim 61 wherein the characteristic determined by the processor is one or more of the following; the energy consumption in the interior energy system, the efficiency of the interior energy system, faults of the interior energy system, required maintenance of the interior energy system, the energy generation of the interior energy system and potential improvements of the interior energy system. 66. An apparatus according to claim 61 wherein the processor provides information to improve the efficiency of the interior energy system. 67. An apparatus according to claim 61 wherein the at least one detachable sensor is an electrical power consumption sensor configured to monitor one or more of the following: a single electrical appliance, a plurality of electrical appliances and all electrical appliances in a building. 68. An apparatus according to claim 41 wherein the interior energy system comprises at least two different interior energy sub-systems and the processor is configured to determine a characteristic of one or both of the interior energy sub-systems. 69. An apparatus according to claim 68 wherein the processor is configured to compare the sub-systems on the basis of the characteristics and provide information of the comparison. 70. An apparatus according to claim 69 wherein the interior energy sub-systems are one or more of the following: an electric heating system, a gas heating system, a solid fuel heating system, a hot water system, an air conditioning system, an electrical supply system, an oil heating system, a combined heat and power system and a bio-fuel power system. 71. An apparatus according to claim 69 wherein the second parameter is not directly measurable from the received data. 72. An apparatus according to claim 69 wherein installation of the apparatus is non-disruptive such that no modification or replacement of the interior energy system is required. 73. An apparatus according to claim 69 wherein the processor is configured to determine parameters in order of a priority of the parameters. 74. An apparatus according to claim 73 wherein the processor is configured to access a data tree comprising a hierarchical evaluation the parameters. 75. An apparatus according to claim 41 wherein the processor is further configured to determine the second parameter from one or more parameters other than the first parameter. 76. An apparatus according to claim 75 wherein the processor receives data for the one or more parameters from one or more other detachable sensors. 77. A user terminal comprising the apparatus according to claim 41 wherein the user terminal is any of the following: a server, a personal computer, a mobile telephone, a personal digital assistant and a laptop. 78. A system for analysing an interior energy system comprising: at least one detachable sensor arranged to monitor a portion of the interior energy system; and an apparatus comprising a processor configured to: receive data of a first parameter of the interior energy system from the at least one detachable sensor determine a second parameter of the interior energy using the received data of the first parameter; and determine a characteristic of the interior energy system from the determined second parameter. 79. A method of analysing an interior energy system comprising: receiving data of a first parameter of the interior energy system from at least one detachable sensor arranged to monitor a portion of the interior energy system; determining a second parameter of the interior energy system using the received data of the first parameter; and determining a characteristic of the interior energy system from the determined second parameter. 80. A computer program comprising code means adapted to perform the method of claim 79 when the program is run on a processor. 