An energy management system includes at least one distributed energy source for producing energy, the distributed energy source in electrical communication with at least one consumer device to be powered by electric power, and in electrical communication with an electric utility. The device also includes a CPU in communication with the at least one distributed energy source, the CPU operable to control the flow of energy produced by the at least one distributed energy source. The CPU manipulates the flow of energy to provide efficient usage of the energy based on information from the at least one consumer and the electric utility.
Claims 1. An energy management system comprising: at least one distributed energy source for producing energy, the distributed energy source in electrical communication with at least one consumer device to be powered by electric power, and in electrical communication with an electric utility; and a CPU in communication with the at least one distributed energy source, the CPU operable to control the flow of energy produced by the at least one distributed energy source, wherein the CPU manipulates the flow of energy to provide efficient usage of the energy based on information from the at least one consumer and the electric utility. 2. The system according to claim 1 wherein the CPU manipulates the flow of energy from the at least one distributed energy source such that at least a portion of the energy is directed to an energy storage device. 3. The system according to claim 1 wherein the CPU manipulates the flow of energy from the at least one distributed energy source such that at least a portion of the energy is directed to the at least one consumer device to be powered by electric power. 4. The system according to claim 1 wherein the CPU manipulates the flow of energy from the at least one distributed energy source such that at least a portion of the energy is directed to the electric utility. 5. The system according to claim 1 wherein the CPU is further operable to control the flow of energy from the electric utility to the at least one consumer device to be powered by electric power, and further wherein the CPU manipulates the flow of energy to return at least a portion of the energy received from the electric utility to an electrical grid powered by the electric utility. 6. The system according to claim 1 wherein the at least one distributed energy source is a wind turbine. 7. The system according to claim 6 further comprising an air compressor for compressing air in at least one compressed air tank, the at least one compressed air tank adapted to release compressed air to rotate a blade of the wind turbine when needed. 8. The system according to claim 7 further comprising at least one solar panel for producing energy for use by the system. 9. The system according to claim 1 wherein the CPU is in communication with at least one display for providing information to a user of the system. 10. A computer-implemented method for facilitating efficient usage of energy, the method comprising the steps of: a) monitoring electricity production by a distributed energy source; b) monitoring electricity provided by an electric utility; c) calculating an optimal usage of the electricity produced by the distributed energy source and the electric utility; and d) manipulating the flow of electricity produced by the distributed energy source and the electric utility to direct the electricity to a destination selected from the group consisting of the distributed energy source, at least one consumer device to be powered by electricity, an electrical grid powered by the electric utility, and combinations thereof, wherein each of steps a) through d) about is performed by a computer programmed to carry out steps a) through d) above. 