Apparatus and methods are described for efficiently transporting and using incident radiation falling on photosensitive devices and structures supporting photosensitive devices. For example, an apparatus includes a low-absorption medium capable of passing and absorbing incident radiation; a scattering material disposed over at least a portion of or within the low-absorption material, the scattering material permitting a portion of incident light to pass therethrough; and a reflective surface disposed adjacent to the low-absorption medium to reflect radiation towards or within the medium.
Claims 1. An apparatus comprising: a low-absorption medium capable of passing and absorbing incident radiation; a scattering material disposed over at least a portion of or within the low-absorption material, the scattering material pen fitting a portion of incident light to pass therethrough; and a reflective surface disposed adjacent the low-absorption medium to reflect radiation towards or within the medium. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the scattering material comprises at least one of a polymer-based material, a crystalline or polycrystalline material, a structured surface, a granular organic material, a granular inorganic material, or any combination thereof. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the polymer-based material comprises at least one of titanium oxide, zinc oxide, cadmium sulfide, glass particles, plastic-based materials, or any combination thereof. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the low-absorption medium comprises at least one of air, a polymer material, a glass material, water-based materials, quartz, diamond, or any combination thereof. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the low-absorption medium comprises a material substantially transparent to radiation within a range of operation of an optically-coupled photosensitive device within or on the apparatus. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the low-absorption medium defines an array of sites at which photosensitive or photovoltaic devices are located and spaces between the sites. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a spectral-conversion structure that facilitates a Stokes-type or anti-Stokes-type modification of incident radiation in or on the medium. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the spectral conversion structure comprises: a substantially-transparent matrix having particles embedded therein and a first refractive index, the particles including at least one of a luminescent material, a silicon material, a Raman-shifting particle, or any combination thereof. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, further comprising a matrix with a second refractive index substantially different than the first refractive index. 10. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the matrix comprising a silicon-carbide film. 11. The apparatus of claim 8, further comprising a thermal photovoltaic solar cell. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the thermal photovoltaic solar cell is supported on the scattering material to permit incident light to be either absorbed in the thermal photovoltaic solar cell or passed to the spectral-conversion structure for modification and subsequent absorption. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a photosensitive device or a photovoltaic device disposed within or over the medium. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the photosensitive device is a silicon-based solar cell or the photovoltaic device is a thermal photovoltaic cell. 15. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the scattering material comprises: a first layer including titanium oxide; a second layer including titanium oxide; and an intermediate layer comprising a dye material disposed between the first and second layers. 16. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the reflective surface comprises at least one of a metallic material, a dielectric coating, a mirror, a half-wavelength coating, or any combination thereof. 17. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the reflective surface comprises a reflection-enhancing material or coating. 18. A solar cell module comprising: a flexible base having a plurality of photosensitive devices mounted thereon or thereto, the flexible base comprising a low-absorption medium disposed at least between the plurality of photosensitive devices, the medium permitting radiation to pass to the plurality of photosensitive devices, at least one of the plurality of photosensitive devices in electrical communication with at least one other photosensitive device of the plurality of photosensitive devices; and a scattering material disposed over the flexible base permitting a portion of incident radiation to pass therethrough to the plurality of photosensitive devices and the medium. 19. The module of claim 18, wherein the scattering material selectively rejects a portion of incident infrared radiation from passing to the plurality of photosensitive devices and the medium. 20. The module of claim 18, wherein the scattering material is a coating. 21. The module of claim 18, wherein at least one flexible interconnection facilitates electrical communication between the photosensitive devices of the plurality of photosensitive devices. 22. The module of claim 18, further comprising an electrical connection facilitating electrical communication between the module and a second module containing a second set of photosensitive devices. 23. The module of claim 18, wherein the module includes a first region associated with a first function and a second region associated with a second function. 24. The module of claim 23, wherein a condition in the first region of the module affecting the first function does not affect the second function. 25. A method comprising: selecting a first parameter associated with absorption of incident light; forming a flexible base that includes a plurality of sites each for mounting a photosensitive device and a medium disposed between the plurality of sites, the size of spaces between the plurality of sites being based on the selected first parameter; forming a scattering layer based in part on a second parameter associated with scattering of incident radiation; and disposing the scattering layer over the flexible base. 26. The method of claim 25, further comprising: positioning a reflective surface of a film adjacent the flexible base. 27. The method of claim 26, further comprising forming the film, wherein forming the film includes depositing particles of a light-reflective material within a polymer film. 28. The method of claim 25, wherein forming the scattering layer includes depositing titanium oxide particles within or on a polymer film. 29. The method of claim 25, wherein forming the scattering layer further comprises: forming a first layer including titanium oxide particles; forming a second layer including titanium oxide particles; and disposing an intermediate, dye-based layer between the first and second layers. 30. The method of claim 25, further comprising: locating at least one photosensitive device at a site of the plurality of sites. 31. The method of claim 30, further comprising: locating a second photosensitive device at a second site of the plurality of sites; and connecting the photosensitive device and the second photosensitive device to facilitate electrical communication. 32. The method of claim 25, further comprising: forming a spectral-modification structure by forming a substantially transparent matrix having a first refractive index; embedding at least one of a luminescent material, a silicon material, a Raman-shifting material, or any combination thereof within the matrix; and disposing the spectral-modification structure on or within the medium. 33. The method of claim 32, further comprising positioning the matrix relative to a silicon-based substrate having a second refractive index substantially different than the first refractive index. 34. The method of claim 25, further comprising: locating at least one thermal photovoltaic cell at a site of the plurality of sites. 