The present invention describes enhancement of non-solar water heating systems (such as systems that operate on gas, diesel fuel, or electricity energy) to work with solar heating panel as well. The retrofitable system addresses the need to provide a simple to install, cheap, and clean add-on solar panel and parts to existing non-solar based heating systems. The hot water extracted from the system has homogeneous temperature, and when water is not taken from the system the hot water are being collected in the existing boiler.
Claims 1. A solar enabling heating system for providing solar heating functionality to a base fluid heating system, said base fluid heating system comprising at least one fluid reservoir having a cold fluid line in fluid communication with at least one fluid source and a hot fluid line in fluid communication with at least one fluid tap, said solar enabling heating system comprising: a solar heater, having an inlet for connecting to the cold fluid line and an outlet for connecting to the hot fluid line; and at least one diverter valve configured to disconnect the fluid reservoir from said solar heater when fluid is drawn from the fluid reservoir via said fluid tap. 2. The solar enabling heating system of claim 1 wherein said solar heater comprises at least one solar panel configured to heat fluid passing therethrough. 3. The solar enabling heating system of claim 1 further comprising at least a first circulator pump configured to drive fluid from the cold fluid line through said solar heater. 4. The solar enabling heating system of claim 3 further comprising at least one heat exchanger unit configured to transfer heat to a first fluid circulation loop from a second fluid circulation loop. 5. The solar enabling heating system of claim 4 wherein said first fluid circulation loop is in fluid communication with the fluid reservoir. 6. The solar enabling heating system of claim 5 wherein said first circulator pump configured to drive fluid from the cold fluid line of the fluid reservoir to said heat exchanger. 7. The solar enabling heating system of claim 4 wherein said second fluid circulation loop comprises a closed loop including a solar panel and a second circulator pump. 8. The solar enabling heating system of claim 7 wherein said second fluid circulation loop contains a fluid selected from a group consisting of: water, antifreeze, oil-based solutions, water-based solutions and combinations thereof. 9. The solar enabling heating system of claim 1, wherein said diverter valve comprises a three way valve. 10. The solar enabling heating system of claim 1 further comprising a control unit configured to activate at least one circulator pump. 11. The solar enabling heating system of claim 10 wherein said control unit comprises: at least one flow switch configured to sense fluid flow into the system from said at least one fluid source; and at least one temperature monitor configured to monitor at least one of the temperature of fluid within said fluid reservoir and the temperature of fluid within said solar heater. 12. The solar enabling heating system of claim 11 wherein said control unit is configured to set said diverter valve to disconnect the fluid reservoir from said solar heater when fluid is drawn from the fluid reservoir via said fluid tap. 13. The solar enabling heating system of claim 11 wherein said control unit is configured to activate said at least one circulator pump when the fluid within said solar heater has a higher temperature than the fluid within said fluid reservoir. 14. The solar enabling heating system of claim 11 wherein said control unit comprises a differential thermostat configured to control at least one of said circulator pump and said diverter valve. 15. The solar enabling heating system of claim 10 wherein said control unit is configured to communicate with at least one of said circulator pump and said diverter valve using a communication means selected from a group consisting of: wired communication lines, WiFi technology, Bluetooth, and radio communication (RF). 16. The solar enabling heating system of claim 11 wherein said temperature monitor comprises at least one computerized thermostat for monitoring fluid temperature in at least one of said fluid reservoir and said solar heater. 17. The solar enabling heating system of claim 11 wherein said temperature monitor comprises at least one thermostat in said fluid reservoir and at least one thermostat in said solar heater. 18. The solar enabling heating system of claim 1 wherein said fluid reservoir comprises at least one of a group consisting of: a boiler, a swimming pool, a storage tank, a chemical storage vat, a fuel tank, a gas balloon and a dewer. 19. The solar enabling heating system of claim 1 wherein said fluid reservoir contains a fluid selected from a group comprising: water, oil, fuel, gas or combinations thereof. 