A sensor plaster (116) for the transcutaneous measurement of an organ function, more particularly of a kidney function, is proposed. The sensor plaster (116) comprises at least one flexible carrier element (134) having at least one adhesive surface (138) which can be stuck onto a body surface. Furthermore, the sensor plaster (116) comprises at least one radiation source, more particularly a light source (142), wherein the radiation source is designed to irradiate the body surface with at least one interrogation light (162). Furthermore, the sensor plaster (116) comprises at least one detector (146) designed to detect at least one response light (176) incident from the direction of the body surface.
Claims 1-35. (canceled) 36. A method for the transcutaneous measurement of an organ function, wherein the organ function is selected from the group consisting of a kidney function and preferably the glomerular filtration rate, an intestinal wall barrier function, a pancreas function, and a blood-brain barrier function, wherein: (a) the method comprises applying a sensor plaster (116) for the transcutaneous measurement of an organ function, wherein the sensor plaster comprises: (i) at least one flexible carrier element (134) having at least one adhesive surface (138) which can be stuck onto a body surface, (ii) at least one radiation source, more particularly a light source (142), wherein the radiation source is designed to irradiate the body surface with at least one interrogation light (162), and (iii) at least one detector (146), wherein the detector (146) is designed to detect at least one response light (176) incident from the direction of the body surface; (b) the method comprises using a sensor system (114) for the transcutaneous measurement of an organ function, more particularly of a kidney function, wherein the sensor system comprises: (i) at least one sensor plaster (116), and (ii) at least one reader (118) wherein the reader (118) is designed to interact with the sensor plaster (116), more particularly to initiate and/or read out a measurement of the organ function by means of the sensor plaster (116); and/or (c) the method comprises using a kit (110) for the transcutaneous measurement of an organ function, more particularly of a kidney function, wherein the kit comprises: (i) at least one sensor plaster (116) and/or a sensor system (114), and (ii) at least one indicator substance (112), wherein the indicator substance can be introduced into a body, wherein a temporal concentration profile of the indicator substance in the body, more particularly in a body tissue and/or a body fluid, can be used as an indicator for the organ function, wherein the indicator substance comprises at least one marker, wherein the marker is designed to emit the at least one response light upon incidence of the at least one interrogation light from the radiation source of the sensor plaster, and wherein the indicator substance is a mixture of inulins comprising 3 to 8 fructose units or inulins comprising 11 to 15 fructose units. 37. A method for producing a diagnostic aid for determining the glomerular filtration rate (GFR), comprising administering a fluorescence-marked indicator substance wherein the indicator substance is a mixture of inulins comprising from 3 to 20, preferably 11 to 15 or 3 to 8, fructose units, wherein the inulins are coupled to a fluorescent marker. 38. The method of claim 37, wherein the GFR is determined for the purpose of (i) diagnosing an existing kidney dysfunction, (ii) determining the risk of future kidney dysfunctions, (iii) monitoring in the case of diseases, therapeutic interventions or therapies which can cause kidney dysfunctions, or (iv) determining the individual dose for medicaments that are excreted via the kidney. 39. The method of claim 36, wherein the interrogation light and the response light in the sensor plaster are configured such that they are spectrally different. 40. The method of claim 36, wherein the at least one radiation source in the sensor plaster comprises at least one light source comprising an organic light-emitting material, more particularly an organic light-emitting diode. 41. The method of claim 36, wherein the at least one detector in the sensor plaster comprises at least one detector comprising at least one organic semiconducting material, more particularly an organic photodetector. 42. The method of claim 36, wherein the sensor plaster furthermore comprises at least one interface for data exchange, more particularly a wireless interface, more particularly a radiofrequency coil. 43. The method of claim 36, wherein the sensor plaster further comprises at least one driving electronic unit. 44. The method of claim 36, wherein the driving electronic unit of the sensor plaster comprises (a) at least one organic component, more particularly an organic conductor track, (b) an organic field effect transistor, or (c) a combination thereof. 45. The method of claim 44, wherein the driving electronic unit of the sensor plaster is designed to control a temporally resolved measurement of the sensor plaster. 46. The method of claim 36, wherein the sensor plaster further comprises at least one energy generating device for providing electrical energy, more particular a solar cell. 47. The method of claim 36, wherein the sensor plaster further comprises at least one data storage device. 48. The method of claim 36, wherein the sensor plaster further comprises at least one filter element, more particularly at least one filter film. 49. The method of claim 36, wherein the sensor plaster further comprises at least one imaging system, more particularly at least one Fresnel lens. 50. The method of claim 36, wherein the sensor plaster further comprises at least one electrical energy storage device, more particularly at least one polymer battery. 51. The method of claim 36, wherein the carrier element of the sensor plaster is configured such that it is at least substantially light-tight. 52. The method of claim 36, wherein the adhesive surface of the sensor plaster laterally encloses the detector, wherein, with the sensor plaster stuck onto the body surface, this prevents ambient light from being able to pass to the detector. 53. The method of claim 36, wherein the sensor plaster is produced in a layer design and has at least two different layer planes. 54. The method of claim 36, wherein the reader of the sensor system comprises at least one radiofrequency transmitter designed to emit a radiofrequency pulse, wherein the sensor plaster is designed to start, upon reception of the radiofrequency pulse, a measurement with emission of the interrogation light and reception of the response light. 55. The method of claim 54, wherein the sensor system is designed to carry out a plurality of measurements at different points in time, more particularly automatically, wherein the sensor system is furthermore designed to determine, from the measurement results of the plurality of measurements, a temporal concentration profile and/or parameters derived therefrom, of an indicator substance in a body tissue and/or a body fluid. 56. The method of claim 55, wherein the indicator substance of the kit is selected from the following substances: a polyol, a polysaccharide, a cyclosaccharide, an inulin, a sinistrin, a fructosan, or a .beta.-glycosidically linked di- or polysaccharide. 57. The method of claim 56, wherein the indicator substance of the kit is designed to be removed from the body substantially exclusively via the urinary tract. 