A system and method for controlling power windows of a vehicle includes a receiver mounted on the vehicle for receiving an open window request signal wirelessly from a portable device, at least one exterior condition sensor mounted on the vehicle for detecting an adverse exterior condition relative to the vehicle, and a controller mounted on the vehicle for communicating with the receiver and the at least one exterior condition sensor. The controller commands opening of the one or more power windows when the receiver receives the open window request signal provided the at least one exterior condition sensor does not detect an adverse exterior condition relative to the vehicle.
Claims 1. A window control system for controlling one or more power windows of a vehicle, comprising: a receiver mounted on the vehicle for receiving an open window request signal wirelessly from a portable device; at least one exterior condition sensor mounted on the vehicle for detecting at least one adverse exterior condition relative to the vehicle; and a controller mounted on the vehicle and configured to communicate with said receiver and said at least one exterior condition sensor, said controller further configured to command opening of the one or more power windows when said receiver receives said open window request signal and said at least one exterior condition sensor does not detect said at least one adverse exterior condition. 2. The system of claim 1 further including: a transmitter mounted on the vehicle for sending a verification signal to said portable device in response to receipt of said open window request signal by said receiver, said verification signal transmitted within a predefined area of the vehicle to request confirmation from said portable device, said controller configured to command opening of the one or more power windows only when a confirmation signal is received from said portable device responsive to said verification signal. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein said at least one exterior condition sensor is at least one of a rain sensor for detecting rain, a temperature sensor for detecting an ambient temperature around the vehicle or a solar load sensor for detecting a solar load on the vehicle. 4. The system of claim 3 wherein said at least one exterior condition sensor includes each of a rain sensor, a temperature sensor and a solar load sensor. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein said at least one exterior condition sensor is a rain sensor and said at least one adverse exterior condition is rain on the vehicle. 6. The system of claim 5 wherein said rain sensor is also used to control windshield wipers of the vehicle. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein said at least one exterior condition sensor is a temperature sensor and said at least one adverse exterior condition is a temperature below a predetermined threshold temperature. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein said at least one exterior condition sensor is a solar load sensor and said at least one adverse exterior condition is a solar load below a predetermined threshold solar load. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein the one or more power windows include door windows of the vehicle and a sunroof of the vehicle. 10. The system of claim 1 further including: at least one close windows switch mounted on the vehicle for closing all of said one or more power windows, said controller configured to command closing of said one or more power windows when said close windows switch is actuated for closing all of said one or more power windows. 11. The system of claim 10 wherein said controller commands closing of all of said one or more power windows only when said close windows switch is actuated twice in succession and held on the second actuation. 12. The system of claim 10 wherein the at least one close windows switch includes a close windows switch mounted inside the vehicle and another close windows switch mounted on an exterior of the vehicle. 13. A control method for controlling one or more power windows of a vehicle, comprising: receiving an open window request signal wirelessly from a portable device requesting opening of the one or more power windows of the vehicle; monitoring at least one exterior condition relative to the vehicle through at least one exterior condition sensor mounted on the vehicle; determining if opening of the one or more power windows should be inhibited based on said at least one exterior condition; and inhibiting opening of the one or more power windows when determined that said opening of the one or more power windows should be inhibited, otherwise opening the one or more power windows. 14. The method of claim 13 further including: transmitting a verification signal wirelessly to said portable device when said open window request signal is received; and receiving a confirmation signal wirelessly from said portable device when said portable device receives said verification signal, only opening the one or more power windows when said confirmation signal is received. 15. The method of claim 13 wherein monitoring said at least one exterior condition includes monitoring at least one of rain, temperature or solar load. 16. The method of claim 13 wherein monitoring said at least one exterior condition includes monitoring at least two of rain, temperature or solar load. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein monitoring said at least one exterior condition includes monitoring each of rain, temperature and solar load. 18. The method of claim 13 wherein determining if opening of the one or more power windows should be inhibited based on said at least one exterior condition includes comparing a measured value as measured by said at least one exterior condition to a threshold value stored in a memory. 19. A window control method for a vehicle, comprising: receiving an open window request from a portable device; measuring at least one exterior condition relative to the vehicle; determining whether said at least one exterior condition is an adverse exterior condition; and opening one or more power windows of the vehicle in response to the open window request unless said at least one exterior condition is determined to be an adverse exterior condition. 20. The window control method of claim 19 further including: transmitting said open window request from said portable device in response to an unlock button being pushed twice in succession on said portable device and held for a predetermined period of time after the second push. 21. The window control method of claim 19 further including: transmitting a verification signal responsive to said open window request signal; and receiving a confirmation signal from said portable device that is responsive to said portable device receiving said verification signal. 22. window control method of claim 21 wherein said opening of said one or more power windows is allowed only when said confirmation signal is received. 23. The window control method of claim 19 wherein said at least one exterior condition is measured by at least one of a rain sensor, a temperature sensor or a solar load sensor, and wherein said adverse exterior condition is at least one of rain, a temperature below a threshold temperature or a solar load below a threshold solar load, said adverse exterior condition corresponding to said at least one exterior condition being measured. 24. A method to control a power window in a vehicle, comprising: a) sending a wireless activation signal via a portable device to close a window in the vehicle; b) receiving the activation signal from the portable device; c) returning a wireless verification signal to verify the activation signal is authorized for the vehicle; d) sending a wireless identification signal within a predetermined range to indicate the portable device is authorized to close vehicle window and within the predetermined range; e) receiving the identification signal when the portable device is within the predetermined range of the vehicle; and f) sending a close command to a windows controller to close the window provided the identification signal is received within a predetermined time in response to the verification signal. 25. The method of claim 24, stopping the windows controller if the identification signal is not received or if the window is fully closed. 26. The method of claim 24, wherein the verification signal is a low frequency signal emitted within a radius of less than ten feet from the vehicle thereby defining the predetermined range. 27. The method of claim 24, wherein step f) occurs substantially continuously until the window is closed provided the portable device is within the range to receive the verification signal and then send the identification signal to the vehicle. 28. The method of claim 24, wherein step f) continues to execute as steps c), d) and e) are repeated, indicating the portable device is within the predetermined range. 