A PV receiver that, when located within a solar concentrator, provides for shielding of electrical connections associated with the receiver from solar radiation that is reflected toward the receiver. The PV receiver comprises an electrically non-conductive elongate carrier, and a plurality of PV wafer dice mounted as a linear array to a first, forward, face of the carrier. A plurality of conductor elements is arrayed along the first face of the carrier behind the PV wafer dice and the conductor elements are connected one-to-one with electrodes located on a first, rearward, face of each of the wafer dice. Busbars are located on the elongate carrier behind the PV wafer dice, and electrically conductive connections made between the conductor elements and the busbars behind the PV wafer dice. In one embodiment of the PV receiver the busbars are located on a second, rearward, face of the carrier and the electrically conductive connections are made through the carrier. A method of shielding electrical connections associated with a PV receiver within a solar concentrator from radiation reflected toward the receiver is also disclosed.
Claims 1. A method of shielding electrical connections associated with a PV receiver within a solar concentrator from radiation reflected toward the receiver and which comprises: mounting a plurality of PV wafer dice in a linear array to a first, forward, face of an electrically non-conductive elongate carrier, and making electrically conductive connections between electrodes on a first, rearward, face of each of the PV wafer dice and electrical busbars located on the elongate carrier behind the PV wafer dice, the electrically conductive connections being made by way of conductor elements arrayed along the first face of the elongate carrier behind the PV wafer dice. 2. The method as claimed in claim 1 wherein the elongate carrier is in the form of a single-sided substrate and wherein the conductor elements and the busbars are both located on the first face of the elongate carrier. 3. The method as claimed in claim 1 wherein the carrier is in the form of a double-sided substrate, wherein the busbars are located on a second face of the elongate carrier and the electrically conductive connections between the conductor elements and the busbars are made through the elongate carrier. 4. A PV receiver structure which comprises: an electrically non-conductive elongate carrier, a plurality of PV wafer dice mounted as a linear array to a first, forward, face of the carrier, a plurality of conductor elements arrayed along the first face of the carrier behind the PV wafer dice and connected one-to-one with electrodes located on a first, rearward, face of each of the wafer dice, electrical busbars located on the elongate carrier behind the PV wafer dice, and electrically conductive connections made between the conductor elements and the busbars behind the PV wafer dice. 5. The PV receiver structure as claimed in claim 4 wherein the elongate carrier comprises a single-sided substrate and wherein the conductor elements and the busbars are both located on the first face of the elongate carrier. 6. The PV receiver structure as claimed in claim 4 wherein the elongate carrier comprises a double-sided substrate, wherein the busbars are located on a second, rearward, face of the elongate carrier and the electrically conductive connections between the conductor elements and the busbars are made through the elongate carrier. 7. The PV receiver structure as claimed in claim 6 wherein the elongate carrier comprises a flexible thermally conductive, electrically non-conductive substrate on which the conductor elements and busbars are formed as printed metallic regions. 8. The PV receiver structure as claimed in claim 6 wherein the electrodes on the first face of each PV wafer die extend transversely as fingers across the face of the die, and wherein the conductor elements on the first face of the elongate carrier are formed as metallic stripes that extend transversely across at least a portion of the transverse width of the elongate carrier. 9. The PV receiver structure as claimed in claim 7 wherein the electrodes on the first face of each PV wafer die extend transversely as fingers across the face of the die, and wherein the conductor elements on the first face of the elongate carrier are formed as metallic stripes that extend transversely across at least a portion of the transverse width of the elongate carrier. 10. The PV receiver structure as claimed in claim 8 wherein the electrodes on the first face of each PV wafer die are connected one-to-one with respective metallic stripes by solder connections. 11. The PV receiver structure as claimed in claim 9 wherein the electrodes on the first face of each PV wafer die are connected one-to-one with respective metallic stripes by solder connections. 12. The PV receiver as claimed in claim 6 wherein the electrically conductive connections between the conductor elements and the busbars are formed by vias. 13. The PV receiver as claimed in claim 7 wherein the electrically conductive connections between the conductor elements and the busbars are formed by vias. 14. The PV receiver as claimed in claim 4 when mounted to a thermally conductive elongate support member in the form of an elongate metal bar, to form a receiver assembly, the mounting being effected by bonding the elongate carrier to the elongate support member by a thermally conductive, electrically non-conductive adhesive. 15. The PV receiver as claimed in claim 5 when mounted to a thermally conductive elongate support member in the form of an elongate metal bar, to form a receiver assembly, the mounting being effected by bonding the elongate carrier to the elongate support member by a thermally conductive, electrically non-conductive adhesive. 16. The PV receiver as claimed in claim 6 when mounted to a thermally conductive elongate support member in the form of an elongate metal bar, to form a receiver assembly, the mounting being effected by bonding the elongate carrier to the elongate support member by a thermally conductive, electrically non-conductive adhesive. 17. The PV receiver as claimed in claim 7 when mounted to a thermally conductive elongate support member in the form of an elongate metal bar, to form a receiver assembly, the mounting being effected by bonding the elongate carrier to the elongate support member by a thermally conductive, electrically non-conductive adhesive. 18. The PV receiver as claimed in claim 8 when mounted to a thermally conductive elongate support member in the form of an elongate metal bar, to form a receiver assembly, the mounting being effected by bonding the elongate carrier to the elongate support member by a thermally conductive, electrically non-conductive adhesive. 19. The PV receiver as claimed in claim 9 when mounted to a thermally conductive elongate support member in the form of an elongate metal bar, to form a receiver assembly, the mounting being effected by bonding the elongate carrier to the elongate support member by a thermally conductive, electrically non-conductive adhesive. 