The present invention is directed to a portable submersible pump and filter assembly for direct filtration of a body of water without the need for intake or discharge hoses or assemblies. The present invention is further directed to a pump and filter assembly that can be positioned at any depth within the water being filtered and can be easily removed after the desired filtration is complete. The present invention is further directed to a solar powered portable pump and filter assembly that operates while floating on fluid being filtered. The present invention is further directed to a highly efficient portable pump and filter assembly that is adapted to be directly coupled to and powered by various power sources including direct current and green energy supplies such as solar or wind power.
Claims 1. A portable water filtering assembly for filtering a body of water comprising: a water filter having an exterior filtration inlet surface and a filter outlet port, said filter adapted to filter water passing through the filtration surface and out through the filter outlet port; a submersible fluid pump having an inlet and a discharge, said pump inlet directly connected to the filter outlet port and adapted to move water from the filtration surface and out through the pump discharge; and an electrical connection for electrically coupling the pump to a power source; wherein the water filtering assembly is adapted to be submerged within the body of water at various depths. 2. The submersible filter assembly of claim 1 wherein the pump is an inline pump having the pump inlet and outlet aligned along a common axis. 3. The submersible filter assembly of claim 1 wherein an adapter is used to directly connect and fluidly couple the pump with the filter. 4. The submersible filter assembly of claim 1 further comprising a solar panel assembly adapted to float on the body of water and provide power to the pump, said solar panel assembly electrically coupled to said electrical connection and adapted to support the pump and filter within the body of water. 5. The submersible pump of claim 1 wherein the filter is removably coupled to the adapter. 6. A portable filtering apparatus for filtering open bodies of water comprising: a filter having an exterior filtration surface and a filter outlet port, said filter adapted to filter water passing through the filtration surface and out through the filter outlet port; a submersible fluid pump having an inlet port and a discharge, said inlet port connected to the filter outlet port and adapted to move water from the filtration surface and out through the pump discharge; a tubular frame assembly adapted to support the pump and filter assembly and fluidly connecting the filter outlet to the pump inlet; and an electrical connection for electrically coupling the pump to a source of electrical power for powering the pump; wherein the tubular frame assembly is adapted to support and balance the pump and filter assembly both in operation and when outside of any body of water. 7. The pump and filter assembly of claim 6 further comprising: a second filter spaced apart from the first filter, said second filter also fluidly is coupled to the pump; wherein at least a portion of the tubular frame fluidly couples the outlet port of each filters to the inlet of the pump. 8. The pump and filter assembly of claim 7 wherein the pump is centrally located between a plurality of spaced apart filters and wherein at least a portion of the tubular frame assembly fluidly connects each filter with the pump. 9. The submersible pump assembly of claim 8 further comprising a float assembly having a pump and filter assembly positioning device adapted for positioning the pump and filter assembly at a plurality of depths within the body of water. 10. The pump and filter assembly of claim 8 wherein the power supply is a solar panel that is electrically connected to the pump through an electrical cable. 11. The pump and filter assembly of claim 8 wherein the power supply is a solar panel assembly adapted to float on the water being filtered. 12. The pump and filter assembly of claim 8 further comprising a wireless status notification device adapted to provide status information on the pump and filter assembly. 13. A portable pump and filter assembly for filtering a body of water comprising: a filter having an exterior filtering surface inlet and a filter outlet, said filter adapted to filter water passing through the filtration surface and out through the filter outlet; a submersible electric pump having an inlet port and a discharge, said pump adapted to move water through the filtering surface and out through the pump discharge; a manifold for fluidly coupling the filter outlet and the pump inlet; a solar panel electrically coupled to the pump and adapted for providing power to the pump; and a float assembly connected to said manifold and adapted to support the solar panel, wherein the float is adapted to float on the water and support the solar panel above the water while maintaining the manifold within the water. 14. The pump and filter assembly of claim 13, wherein the manifold is adapted to connect to and support each of the pump and filter. 15. The pump and filter assembly of claim 14, wherein the float and manifold assembly further comprises a one piece assembly formed with drain channels to drain water away from the solar panel and back into the body of water. 16. The pump and filter assembly of claim 14, further comprising a battery that is electrically coupled to the solar panel and pump and wherein the float is further adapted to support and maintain the battery above the body of water. 17. The pump and filter assembly of claim 15, wherein the filter is a plurality of filters and each filter is independently coupled to the manifold and the manifold is further adapted to fluidly connect the pump with each of the filters. 18. The pump and filter assembly of claim 15, wherein the manifold further comprises a base portion adapted to support the pump and filter assembly when removed from the body of water. 19. The pump and filter assembly of claim 15, wherein the pump and each filter is spaced apart about the manifold. 20. The pump and filter assembly of claim 15, further comprising a wireless monitoring system. 