Embodiments of the invention relate to a module for converting solar radiation into electricity comprising a panel having a front and a back main side, with a solar energy converting means arranged on or in the front main side and a means for fixing the module to an object. In various embodiments, in order to allow a mounting that prevents accumulation of dirt in the edge region of the panel the means for fixing the module is furthermore arranged over the back main side of the panel and away from the edges of the panel. Embodiments of the invention furthermore relate to a fixing device configured to receive such a module and to a combination of a module and a fixing device.
Claims 1. A module for converting solar radiation into electricity, the module comprising: a panel having a front and a back main side, with a solar energy converting means arranged on or in the front main side and a means for fixing the module to an object wherein the means for fixing the module is arranged over the back main side of the panel and with a clearance with respect to the edges of the panel. 2. The module according to claim 1, wherein a distance between edge and the means for fixing the module is at least 1 cm, in particular more than 5 cm. 3. The module according to claim 1, wherein the means for fixing is oblong and in particular extends over a range of about 20 to 90% of the longest dimension of the panel of the module. 4. The module according to claim 1, wherein the means for fixing is oblong and in particular extends over a range of about 20 to 90% of the smaller dimension of the panel of the module. 5. (canceled) 6. (canceled) 7. The module according to claim 1, wherein solar radiation converting means are arranged on or in the front main side and the means for fixing the module to the object on the back side of the panel, and wherein the means for fixing the module is configured to mechanically engage with a fixing device of the object by a clamp-connection. 8. The module according to claim 7, wherein the means for fixing the module is configured to engage by snapping into the fixing device. 9. The module according to claim 8, wherein the means for fixing comprises a tongue with a projection for snapping into a corresponding recess in the fixing device. 10. The module according to claim 9, wherein the tongue is flexible. 11. The module according to claim 7, wherein the means for fixing comprises a first means having a first groove, in particular a u-shaped profile and a second means having a second groove, in particular a u-shaped profile, wherein the first and second grooves face in opposite directions. 12. The module according to claim 11, wherein at least one means furthermore comprises a tongue with a projection. 13. The module according to claim 1, wherein the panel comprises a front layer, an active layer and a backside layer, at which the means for fixing the module is arranged. 14. (canceled) 15. (canceled) 16. (canceled) 17. A fixing device for receiving a module for converting solar radiation into electricity according to claim 1, comprising a profile with a groove configured to receive the means for fixing the module of the module. 18. The fixing device according to claim 17, wherein the profile has a groove configured to at least partially receive the projection of the tongue of the means for fixing of the module. 19. The fixing device according to claim 17, comprising a first fixing means comprising a first fixing groove and a second fixing means comprising a second fixing groove, in particular u-shaped profiles, wherein the first and second fixing grooves are facing into opposite directions. 20. The fixing device according to claim 17, wherein the first and/or second fixing means comprise/s a first and a second recess configured to receive a first and a second module. 21. The fixing device according to claim 20, wherein the first and second recess have a lower leg for supporting the first and second module the length of which is longer than the ones of the upper legs. 22. The fixing device according to claim 20, wherein the lengths of the upper legs is different with respect to each other. 23. A combination comprising at least one module according to claim 1 and a fixing device according to claim 17, wherein the means for fixing of at least one module is in a clamp-connection with the fixing device. 24. The combination according to claim 23, wherein the clamp-connection extends essentially over the entire length of the means for fixing. 25. The combination according to claim 23, wherein the first groove and the second fixing groove face in the same direction, and wherein the second groove and the first fixing groove face in the same direction. 26. A method for mounting a module according to claim 1 on a fixing device according to claim 17, comprising the steps of: a) providing the fixing device b) providing the module and c) mechanically engaging the means for fixing the module with the fixing device using a clamp-connection. 27. The method according to claim 26, wherein the means for fixing comprises a first means having a first groove, in particular a u-shaped profile and a second means having a second groove, in particular a u-shaped profile, wherein the first and second groove face in opposite directions and the fixing device comprises a first fixing means comprising a first fixing groove and second fixing means comprising a second fixing groove, in particular u-shaped profiles, wherein the first and second fixing grooves are facing into opposite directions, wherein step c) comprises: c1) introducing a lower leg of the second means into the first fixing groove, then c2) introducing a lower leg of the first means into the second fixing groove, in particular by sliding, while the lower leg of the second means remains in the first fixing groove. 28. The method according to claim 27, further comprising a step c3) of snapping a projection on the lower leg of the first means into a corresponding recess in the first fixing means. 29. The module, in particular according to claim 1, comprising a panel having a front and a back main side, with a solar energy converting means arranged on or in the front main side and attached to its backside a means for fixing with at least one bar-shaped element. 30. The module according to claim 29, wherein the at least one bar-shaped elements extends from one side to the other side of the module. 31. The module according to claim 1, wherein the means for fixing comprises at least one bar shaped element with a protruding portion at each of its extremities. 32. The module according to claim 31 wherein the protruding portions are arranged such that clearances are formed with respect to two edges of the panel. 33. The module according to claim 32, wherein the clearances are facing in opposite directions, in particular outwardly towards the edges. 34. The module according to claim 31, wherein the extremities of the protruding portions are flush aligned with the edges of the panel. 35. The module according to claim 11, wherein the means for fixing comprises two bar-shaped elements arranged in parallel. 36. The combination comprising at least one module according to claim 29 and a first and second fixing device according to claim 17, wherein in the mount state the at least one bar-shaped element extending from one side to the other of the module is attached to the first and the second fixing device. 37. The combination according to claim 36, wherein the module comprises two bar-shaped elements each one attached to the first and second fixing device. 