Examples of the present invention are directed toward systems and methods of providing additional functionality to a portable electro device Examples of such systems include a terminal adapter having a first portion constructed and arranged to connect to the portable electronic device by insertion between a terminal of a battery of the portable electronic device and a power terminal of the portable electronic device and an accessory module constructed and arranged to electrically couple to the portable electronic device through least one terminal on a second portion of the terminal adapter to provide supplemental power to the portable electronic device. Examples of methods according to the present invention include mounting a terminal adapter comprising a positive contact and a negative contact, and a set of electrical terminals a battery of the portable electronic device.
Claims 1. (canceled) 2. (canceled) 3. A system for providing supplemental power to a portable electronic device comprising: a terminal adapter constructed and arranged to be in electrical communication with terminals of a battery of the portable electronic device and with power terminals of the portable electronic device; and a power generation device constructed and arranged to be in electrical communication with the terminal adapter, the power generation device configured to be coupled to a battery cover of the portable electronic device, wherein the terminal adapter is constructed and arranged to be mounted on the battery of the portable electronic device and enclosed in a battery compartment of the portable electronic device, and wherein the power generation device is constructed and arranged to be connected to the portable electronic device external to the battery compartment of the portable electronic device. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the power generation device comprises a solar cell. 5. The system of claim 3, wherein the power generation device comprises a radio frequency energy collector. 6. The system of claim 3, wherein the power generation device comprises a mechanical energy to electrical energy converter. 7. The system of claim 3, wherein the power generation device is formed within a battery compartment cover. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the battery compartment cover is configured to replace a non-enhanced battery compartment cover while substantially maintaining the dimensions of the portable electronic device as measured when fitted with the non-enhanced battery compartment cover. 9. The system of claim 7, wherein electrical contacts of the battery compartment cover comprise electrical terminals constructed and arranged to interface with electrical terminals of the terminal adapter. 10. The system of claim 3, wherein the power generation device is incorporated into a component of substantially similar size and shape as a component of a portable electronic device. 11. The system of claim 3, wherein the battery is configured to be charged by both the power generation device and by a charging means configured to charge the battery of the portable electronic device in the absence of the terminal adapter and power generation device. 12. The system of claim 3, wherein the power generation device comprises a supplemental energy storage device. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the supplemental energy storage device is configured to be charged by a charging means configured to charge the battery of the portable electronic device in the absence of the terminal adapter and power generation device. 14. A method of providing supplemental power to a portable electronic device comprising: providing a system for providing supplemental power to a portable electronic device, the system including a terminal adapter constructed and arranged to be in electrical communication with terminals of a battery of the portable electronic device and with power terminals of the portable electronic device; and a power generation device constructed and arranged to be in electrical communication with the terminal adapter, the power generation device coupled to a battery cover of the portable electronic device, wherein the terminal adapter is constructed and arranged to be mounted on the battery of the portable electronic device and enclosed in a battery compartment of the portable electronic device, and wherein the power generation device is constructed and arranged to be connected to the portable electronic device external to the battery compartment of the portable electronic device; mounting the terminal adapter to the battery of the portable electronic device; wherein a first set of electrical terminals of the terminal adapter makes electrical contact with power terminals of the battery and positive terminal and negative terminals of the terminal adapter are positioned on a side of the terminal adapter opposite the battery; installing the battery into a battery compartment of the portable electronic device, such that a second set of electrical terminals of the terminal adapter make electrical contact with power terminals of the portable electronic device; and mounting the battery cover comprising positive and negative electrical contacts on the battery compartment of the portable electronic device, the positive and negative electrical contacts of the battery cover making electrical contact with outward facing positive and negative terminals of the terminal adapter. 15. The system of claim 3, wherein the terminal adaptor comprises: a substrate; a first surface comprising a plurality of power contacts; a second surface comprising a positive electrical contact and a negative electrical contact; and an electrical conductor bound to the substrate and electrically connecting the positive electrical contact to at least one of the plurality of power contacts and electrically connecting the negative electrical contact to at least one other of the plurality of power contacts. 16. The device of claim 15, wherein the first surface is joined to the second surface at an approximately ninety degree angle. 17. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the power generation device comprises: a flexible substrate, the substrate comprising an adhesive layer on a first side of the substrate; and a flexible power generation device joined to a second side of the substrate. 18. An apparatus for providing supplemental power to a portable electronic device comprising: a body distinct from a body of the potable electronic device; a solar cell mounted to the body; and an electrical circuit electrically connecting the solar cell to an electrical contact, the electrical contact configured to electrically connect to a power terminal of the portable electronic device, wherein the body defines a cavity configured to secure the portable electronic device, and wherein the body defines a hole through which a control of the portable electronic device is accessible. 19. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the flexible power generation device comprises a flexible photovoltaic device. 20. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the body further comprises an energy storage device. 21. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein the energy storage device is configured to be charged by a charger configured to charge a battery of the portable electronic. 22. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the body includes a plurality of portions which when joined together define the cavity. 23. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the body comprises a flexible portion configured to facilitate insertion and removal of the portable electronic device therefrom. 