A system and method for protecting against corruption of data stored in a peripheral storage device. The peripheral storage device is communicatively coupled with a host computer. The peripheral storage device includes at least memory and a controller. Data from the host computer is stored to a first portion of the peripheral storage device memory. The controller backs up some or all of the data to a second portion of the data to a second portion of the peripheral storage device memory. The controller restores some or all of the data from the second portion of the peripheral storage device memory to the first portion of the peripheral storage device memory.
Claims 1. A method for protecting against corruption of data stored in a peripheral storage device, the method comprising: communicatively coupling the peripheral storage device with a host computer, the peripheral storage device comprising at least memory and a controller; storing data from the host computer to a first portion of the peripheral storage device memory; the controller backing-up some or all of the data to a second portion of the peripheral storage device memory; and the controller restoring some or all of the data from the second portion of the peripheral storage device memory to the first portion of the peripheral storage device memory. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the restoring is initiated by a command from the host computer. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the restoring is initiated by the controller. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the data comprises a virtual machine image. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the data comprises a guest operating system. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the data comprises software. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the data comprises an operating system. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the controller and memory are integrated into a single chip. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the second portion of the peripheral storage device memory is not directly accessible by the host computer. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the second portion of the peripheral storage device memory is only written to or used by the controller. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the host computer boots an operating system from the peripheral storage device. 12. The method of claim 1, the method further comprising virtual machine player software launching a virtual machine operating system inside of a virtual machine. 13. The method of claim 1, wherein the data is encrypted by the controller, the controller being an on-board processor. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein a password is required to unlock at least a portion of the peripheral storage device memory. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein the data restoration is initiated upon an occurrence or detection of data corruption of at least a portion of the data stored in the first portion of the peripheral storage device memory. 16. The method of claim 1, wherein the peripheral storage device memory includes a secure area of memory and an unsecure area of memory. 17. The method of claim 1, wherein the second portion of the peripheral storage device memory is a backup area. 18. The method of claim 1, wherein the second portion of the peripheral storage device memory is a remote area of memory outside of the peripheral storage device. 19. The method of claim 1, wherein the second portion of the peripheral storage device memory is part of a network. 20. The method of claim 1, wherein backing-up of some or all of the data is performed before a clean ejection. 21. The method of claim 1, wherein backing-up of the data to a second portion of the peripheral storage device memory is performed on a subset of the stored data, wherein the subset of the stored data comprises data that was modified since a previous backup. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein the controller tracks blocks of flash memory that were modified since the peripheral storage device was powered-up and communicatively coupled with the host computer, and only those modified blocks of flash memory are copied to the second portion of memory. 23. The method of claim 1, wherein backing-up of the data is performed at a checkpoint. 24. The method of claim 1, wherein backing-up is performed at startup time of the peripheral storage device if the peripheral storage device was cleanly ejected or shutdown previously. 25. The method of claim 24, wherein monitoring of whether the peripheral storage device and a host operating system were shutdown cleanly is performed by the peripheral storage device. 26. The method of claim 24, wherein monitoring of whether the peripheral storage device and a host operating system were shutdown cleanly is performed by the host computer. 27. The method of claim 26, wherein a state of a previous shutdown is stored on the peripheral storage device for use at a next startup time. 28. The method of claim 1, further comprising compressing data during backing-up. 29. The method of claim 1, further comprising decompressing data during restoration. 30. The method of claim 1, wherein the peripheral storage device includes a power source. 31. The method of claim 30, wherein the peripheral storage device performs the backing-up upon ejection, decoupling, or power-down of the host computer, utilizing the power source, which is on-board, for power to perform the backup without relying on power from the host computer. 32. The method of claim 30, wherein the power source is a battery. 33. The method of claim 30, wherein the power source is a solar cell. 34. The method of claim 1, wherein restoration is performed automatically by the controller. 35. The method of claim 1, wherein restoration is initiated by a command sent from the host to the controller. 36. The method of claim 35, wherein the restoration is initiated by a person interacting with a physical switch or other input mechanism on the peripheral storage device. 37. The method of claim 1, wherein the memory comprises a flash memory. 38. The method 1, wherein the memory is part of a hard drive. 39. The method of claim 1, wherein the communicative coupling of the peripheral storage device with the host computer is accomplished with USB, PCI, or Ethernet. 30. A system for protecting against corruption of data stored in a peripheral storage device, the system comprising: a peripheral storage device comprising at least memory and a controller, the memory including a first portion of memory and a second portion of memory; a host computer communicatively coupled with the peripheral storage device; and a controller configured to backup some or all of the data to the second portion of the peripheral storage device memory, and configured to restore some or all of the data from the second portion of the peripheral storage device memory to the first portion of the peripheral storage device memory. 31. The system of claim 30, further comprising a backup module executable by the controller to backup some or all of the data to the second portion of the peripheral storage device memory. 32. The system of claim 31, wherein the backup module is located on the controller. 33. The system of claim 31, wherein the backup module is located in the peripheral storage device memory. 34. The system of claim 30, further comprising a restoration module executable by the controller to restore some or all of the data from the second portion of the peripheral storage device memory to the first portion of the peripheral storage device memory. 35. The system of claim 34, wherein the restoration module is located on the controller. 36. The system of claim 34, wherein the restoration module is located in the peripheral storage device memory. 37. The system of claim 30, wherein the data comprises an operating system run natively from the peripheral storage device. 38. The system of claim 30, wherein the data comprises an operating system run virtually from the peripheral storage device. 39. The system of claim 30, wherein the peripheral storage device is configured to run a virtual machine image on the host computer and backup a virtual machine image on the peripheral storage device. 40. The system of claim 30, wherein the peripheral storage device is configured to run a secondary operating system on the host computer and backup a secondary operating system on the peripheral storage device. 41. The system of claim 30, wherein the peripheral storage device memory includes a secure area of memory and an unsecure area of memory. 42. The system of claim 30, wherein the second portion of the peripheral storage device memory is a backup area. 43. The system of claim 30, wherein the second portion of the peripheral storage device memory is a remote area of memory outside of the peripheral storage device. 44. The system of claim 30, wherein the second portion of the peripheral storage device memory is part of a network. 45. A computer readable storage medium having a program embodied thereon, the program executable by a processor to perform a method for protecting against corruption of data stored in a peripheral storage device, the method comprising: communicatively coupling the peripheral storage device with a host computer, the peripheral storage device comprising at least memory and a controller; storing data from the host computer to a first portion of the peripheral storage device memory; the controller backing-up some or all of the data to a second portion of the peripheral storage device memory; and the controller restoring some or all of the data from the second portion of the peripheral storage device memory to the first portion of the peripheral storage device memory. 