This invention is a launch-to-space, refuel and return system which comprises: a unique circular and straight maglev track and maglev sled spacecraft launcher; a single stage-to-LEO spacecraft (Mother Spacecraft); an orbiting space platform (OSP); a currently utilized Space Shuttle is altered to improve its safety, range, longevity and versatility which serves as a prototype for the Mother Spacecraft design. The Mother Spacecraft is releasably attached to the maglev sled and propulsion for the maglev sled is supplied by magnetic propulsion and on-board rocket propulsion. The collapsible OSP can fit into the Space Shuttle storage bay and is remotely deployed. The OSP is a refueling depot for the Mother Spacecraft, the Space Shuttle, as well as a rendezvous point for various space missions. A single, liquid, non-cryogenic rocket fuel is standardized throughout the entire system which eliminates: all vertical launches; all expendables; all solid rocket propellants.
Claims 1. A means and apparatus for a spacecraft launch and exploration system which comprises: a number of improvements to a currently employed Space Shuttle; and a single stage spacecraft (Mother Spacecraft) designed and constructed to be launched from a maglev sled, utilizing said Space Shuttle as a working prototype; and a maglev track and maglev sled system for launching said single stage spacecraft to LEO; and a multipurpose, collapsible, Orbiting Space Platform (OSP) for refueling said spacecraft and said Space Shuttle in space. 2. The structure of said Space Shuttle in claim 1, wherein said improvements comprise: 3. at least one retro-rocket motor and carbon carbon shield installed in the aft portion of said Space Shuttle; and 4. a rotatable, electric motor driven, removable rack spine installed in said Space Shuttle storage bay; and 5. multiple external storage mounts installed on said Space Shuttle. 6. The structure of said single stage spacecraft (Mother Spacecraft) in claim 1, wherein said Mother Spacecraft construction comprises: 7. at least one retro-rocket motor and carbon carbon shield installed in the aft section of said Mother Spacecraft; and 8. a rotatable, electric motor driven, removable rack spine installed in each storage bay of said Mother Spacecraft; and 9. multiple external mounts installed on said Mother Spacecraft to accommodate said Space Shuttle and external fuel tanks; and 10. The structure of said maglev track and said maglev sled system in claim 1, wherein said maglev track and said maglev sled construction comprise: 11. said maglev sled with at least one rear facing rocket motor and at least one forward facing (retro-rocket) motor installed on said maglev sled; and 12. a refueling system installed in said maglev sled to insure 100 percent full fuel mass on all spacecraft releaseably attached to said maglev sled at lift off. 13. a circular maglev track where said maglev sled is levitated, propelled and guided to a maximum velocity possible utilizing magnetic propulsion only; and 14. said maglev sled switches from said circular maglev track to a spiral maglev track that transitions into a vertically inclined, straight maglev track where said maglev sled achieves maximum velocity by magnetic propulsion, propulsion by at least one rocket motor installed in said maglev sled and propulsion by at least one rocket motor of said Mother Spacecraft which is released from said maglev sled as it passes through a launch window; and 15. said maglev sled passes the launch window and a braking sequence begins with at least one said maglev sled retro-rocket motor igniting and reverse magnetic propulsion is employed to slow said maglev sled as it transitions to a spiral rack and switches to a second circular track where said maglev sled is brought to a complete stop. 16. The structure of said Orbiting Space Platform (OSP) in claim 1, wherein said OSP construction comprises: 17. a collapsing frame for easy storage in the storage bay of said Space Shuttle and said Mother Spacecraft; and 18. a least one robotic arm, remotely controlled by LIDAR and television monitoring, and at least one fixed arm for moving rocket fuel tanks and other material to and from said OSP; and 19. an electric ion thruster powered by at least one solar array for minor orbital corrections. 