Photovoltaic (PV) devices employing layers of semiconducting carbon nanotubes as light absorption elements are disclosed. In one aspect a layer of p-type carbon nanotubes and a layer of n-type carbon nanotubes are used to form a p-n junction PV device. In another aspect a mixed layer of p-type and n-type carbon nanotubes are used to form a bulk hetero-junction PV device. In another aspect a metal such as a low work function metal electrode is formed adjacent to a layer of semiconducting nanotubes to form a Schottky barrier PV device. In another aspect various material deposition techniques well suited to working with nanotube layers are employed to realize a practical metal-insulator-semiconductor (MIS) PV device. In another aspect layers of metallic nanotubes are used to provide flexible electrode elements for PV devices. In another aspect layers of metallic nanotubes are used to provide transparent electrode elements for PV devices.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic device, comprising: a first electrode element; a second electrode element; at least one layer of semiconducting elements disposed between said first and second electrode elements, said at least one layer of semiconducting elements comprising a fabric of semiconducting carbon nanotubes having a first conductivity type, said at least one layer of semiconducting elements having a first side and a second side; and at least one charge-separating junction formed at said at least one layer of semiconducting elements, wherein said first side of said at least one layer of semiconducting elements is electrically coupled to said first electrode element, and wherein said second side of said at least one layer of semiconducting elements is electrically coupled to said second electrode element. 2. The photovoltaic device of claim 1, wherein said at least one layer of semiconducting elements further comprises a plurality of semiconducting nanostructures, and wherein said at least one charge-separating junction is a p-n junction formed between said carbon nanotubes and said semiconducting nanostructures. 3. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 wherein at least one of said first electrode element and said second electrode element is substantially transparent. 4. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 wherein at least one of said first electrode element and said second electrode element is shaped such as to expose at least part of said at least one layer of semiconducting elements to a light source. 5. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 wherein said first electrode element and said second electrode element are flexible. 6. The photovoltaic device of claim 1 wherein said at least one layer of semiconducting elements further includes a plurality of photosensitive particles. 7. The photovoltaic device of claim 6 wherein said plurality of photosensitive particles includes photosensitive dye particles. 8. The photovoltaic device of claim 6 wherein said plurality of photosensitive particles includes quantum dots. 9. The photovoltaic device of claim 2 wherein said semiconducting nanostructures comprise semiconducting carbon nanotubes of a second conductivity type. 10. The photovoltaic device of claim 2 wherein said plurality of carbon nanotubes of the first conductivity type comprises a first layer of carbon nanotubes and wherein said plurality of semiconducting nanostructures of the second conductivity type comprises a second layer of carbon nanotubes disposed on said first layer of carbon nanotubes. 11. The photovoltaic device of claim 2 wherein said plurality of semiconducting nanostructures of the second conductivity type comprises carbon nanotubes of a second conductivity type, and wherein said carbon nanotubes of said first conductivity type and said carbon nanotubes of said second conductivity type are intermingled to form a heterogeneous mixture. 12. The photovoltaic device of claim 2 wherein said semiconducting nanostructures comprise semiconducting nanoparticles of a second conductivity type. 13. The photovoltaic device of claim 12 wherein said semiconducting nanoparticles comprise doped silicon particles. 14. The photovoltaic device of claim 12 wherein said plurality of semiconducting nanotube elements are substantially all p-type and said plurality of semiconducting nanoparticles are substantially all n-type. 15. The photovoltaic device of claim 12 wherein said plurality of semiconducting nanotube elements are substantially all n-type and said plurality of semiconducting nanoparticles are substantially all p-type. 16. The photovoltaic device of claim 12 wherein said at least one layer of semiconducting elements further includes a plurality of photosensitive particles. 17. The photovoltaic device of claim 12 wherein said plurality of semiconducting nanotube elements and said plurality of semiconducting nanoparticles are intermingled to form a heterogeneous mixture. 18. The photovoltaic device of claim 1, wherein said at least one charge-separating junction is a Schottky barrier formed at an interface between said second electrode and said at least one layer of semiconducting elements. 19. The photovoltaic device of claim 18 wherein said second electrode element comprises a metal selected from the group consisting of calcium (Ca), potassium (K), manganese (Mn), silver (Ag), aluminum (Al), zinc (Zn), titanium (Ti), and iron (Fe). 20. The photovoltaic device of claim 18 wherein said plurality of semiconducting carbon nanotubes are substantially all p-type carbon nanotubes. 21. The photovoltaic device of claim 18, comprising a layer of insulating material disposed between said at least one layer of semiconducting elements and said second electrode, said layer of insulating material being electrically coupled to said at least one layer of semiconducting elements and said second electrode, said layer of insulating material being positioned at said Schottky barrier. 22. The photovoltaic device of claim 21 wherein said layer of insulating material comprises a material selected from the group consisting of silicon dioxide (SiO.sub.2), titanium dioxide (TiO.sub.2), gallium trioxide (Ga.sub.2O.sub.3), tantalum pentoxide (Ta.sub.2O.sub.5), aluminum oxide (Al.sub.2O.sub.3), and diamond. 23. The photovoltaic device of claim 21 wherein said layer of insulating material is formed through one of a sputter deposition process, a chemical vapor deposition (CVD) process, and an atomic layer deposition (ALD) process. 24. The photovoltaic device of claim 21 wherein said layer of insulating material is comprised of a plurality of nonconductive nanotubes. 25. The photovoltaic device of claim 21 wherein said layer of insulating material is comprised of a plurality of nanotube elements coated with a plurality of nonconductive nanoparticles. 26. A photovoltaic power generating system comprising: multiple photovoltaic devices electrically coupled together; and an electrical inverter electrically coupled to an output section of said multiple photovoltaic devices, wherein said inverter receives a DC electric current from said output section and converts the DC electric current to an AC electric current, wherein each of said multiple photovoltaic devices comprises a first electrode element, a second electrode element, at least one layer of semiconducting elements disposed between said first and second electrode elements, said at least one layer of semiconducting elements comprising a fabric of semiconducting carbon nanotubes having a first conductivity type, said at least one layer of semiconducting elements having a first side and a second side, and at least one charge-separating junction formed at said at least one layer of semiconducting elements, wherein said first side of said at least one layer of semiconducting elements is electrically coupled to said first electrode element, and wherein said second side of said at least one layer of semiconducting elements is electrically coupled to said second electrode element. 27. The photovoltaic power generating system of claim 26 wherein said at least one layer of semiconducting elements further comprises a plurality of semiconducting nanostructures, and wherein said at least one charge-separating junction is a p-n junction formed between said carbon nanotubes and said semiconducting nanostructures. 28. The photovoltaic power generating system of claim 26 wherein said at least one charge-separating junction is a Schottky barrier formed at an interface between the second electrode and said at least one layer of semiconducting elements. 29. A method of fabricating photovoltaic device, comprising: forming at least one layer of semiconducting elements on a first electrode element, said at least one layer of semiconducting elements comprising a plurality of carbon nanotubes of a first conductivity type, said at least one layer of semiconducting elements having a first side and a second side, said first side of the layer of semiconducting elements disposed at a surface of said first electrode element, said first side of said at least one layer of semiconducting elements being electrically coupled to said first electrode element; forming a second electrode element at said second side of said at least one layer of semiconducting elements, said second side of said at least one layer of semiconducting elements being electrically coupled to said second electrode element; and forming at least one charge-separating junction at said at least one layer of semiconducting elements. 30. The method of claim 29 wherein said at least one layer of semiconducting elements further comprises a plurality of semiconducting nanostructures, and wherein said at least one charge-separating junction is a p-n junction formed between said carbon nanotubes and said semiconducting nanostructures. 31. The method of claim 29 wherein said at least one charge-separating junction is a Schottky barrier formed at an interface between said second electrode and said at least one layer of semiconducting elements. 