The present invention relates to a strap device for a curtain or a flexible door, said straps having embedded RFID reader antenna modules and different MEMS and MOEMS sensors that make it possible to detect the direction of the objects passing through the gate and also detect the size of the objects so as to modulate the switching of the radiating elements of antennas on the basis of the position of the objects being read. The device also has embedded biosensors that measure in parallel the presence of toxic substances or materials. The device according to the invention has an LED or OLED and PHOLED display means embedded in the strap, more specifically, in a flexible material of the strap. The invention is particularly intended for the qualitative and quantitative traceability of materials passing through a logistical check gate. The device is intended for all places already having curtains with flexible straps, into which it is easily embedded. The device is suitable for all existing RFID readers.
Claims 1. Curtain or door device comprising a plurality of flexible strips, a strip in the plurality of flexible strips, comprising: RFID reader antenna modules incorporated into the core of the strip, the aforementioned modules being distributed over the entire surface of the aforementioned strip, optical detectors arranged in proximity to each of the antenna modules, the aforementioned detectors enabling detection of the presence of a package or of a palette, a heating core, temperature sensors arranged on both sides of the strip, power dividers and phase shifter circuits connecting the antenna modules to provide a complete distribution of the radiation field at each of the aforementioned modules, MEMS or MOEMS sensors operating on the power dividers and phase shifter circuits, a microelectronic management module incorporated into the strips and configured to: perform automatic management of the field radiated by the antenna modules by providing the distribution of radiating field to all the aforementioned antenna modules by: monitoring, by means of the optical detectors, the presence of an object or a package next to each antenna module, effectuating the switching of the power radiated by the means of MEMS or MOEMS sensors, measure and regulate the temperature of the antenna modules, using respectively temperature sensors and the heating core, a means to monitor the direction of passage of objects at the level of the curtain or door, a module to detect toxic or hazardous substances enabling detection of any product or substance to be monitored at the level of the curtain or door, a LED, OLED or PHOLED display module enabling viewing of the state of the logistical transaction at the level of the curtain or door. 2. Device according to claim 1, characterized in that it comprises one or multiple modules for detection of toxic or hazardous substances comprising a microcontroller incorporating a radio communication member wherein is incorporated a bio sensor or bio sensors operating by parallel detection of DNA of the substance to be monitored. 3. Device according to claim 2, characterized in that the modules for detection are mechanically fixed in the core of the strip or directly incorporated therein. 4. Device according to claim 2, characterized in that the bio-sensors are removable and comprise all the means to characterize the specific substance or substances to be monitored, they are also equipped with all the means that enable their identification and provide their traceability. 5. Device according to claim 1, characterized in that the microelectronic management module is provided with a radio communication member enabling communication with the strips of the curtain and effectuating all the transactions relating to the state of the logistical transaction at the level of the aforementioned curtain. 6. Device according to claim 5 characterized in that the microelectronics management module is configured to receive and send any type of transaction state on the strip to a remote computer system. 7. Device according to claim 5 characterized in that the microelectronic management module incorporates a digital processing member having RFID chips processed by the antenna modules, a switching and management means of the aforementioned antenna radiators enabling an RFID reader to see the strip(s) as simple RFID reader antennas. 8. Device according to claim 1, characterized in that it comprises an autonomous electrical supply means of the photovoltaic type incorporated or attached to the strip, battery pack or electrical connector attached on the curtain and used in the operation of the aforementioned device in active mode. 9. Device according to claim 1, characterized in that the control members of the strip are supplied by a flexible solar cell incorporated into the strip, or any type of energy source providing its autonomy. 10. Device according to claim 1, characterized in that the management module effectuates the regulation of the temperature so that when the strips are inactive, the ground plane is used as a heating or cooling element, by the means of the heating core, when the strips are active, the temperature regulation function of the ground plane is inhibited. 11. Device according to claim 1, characterized in that the management module is configured to activate or to deactivate each function of the strip. 12. Device according to claim 1, characterized in that the management module is configured to display, by radio pathway, logistical or security messages on the display module or reconstruct safety quality risk data from the bio sensors mounted on the strip. 13. Device according to claim 1, characterized in that the strips are made by deposit of thin metallic, dielectric, organic layers by cathodic sputter or material spray or any other method enabling the piling of conductive or dielectric material on flexible substrate. 