The solar powered soffit fan includes an electric fan mounted over a soffit vent. A roof-mounted photovoltaic solar panel aimed at the sun delivers power to the soffit fan. During daylight hours, the photovoltaic solar panel provides sufficient electrical power to activate the soffit fan, which provides forced attic ventilation through the soffit vent. At night, the fan automatically powers down when sunlight no longer impinges the solar panel. A thermostat and/or humistat can be included for additional control of the unit. The fan can accept power from an optional rechargeable battery. Multiple soffit fans can be configured to service larger buildings.
Claims 1. A solar-powered soffit fan, comprising: at least one exterior soffit fan and housing therefor adapted for mounting over a clear airflow opening in a soffit of a building structure; a solar photovoltaic panel adapted for mounting on the building structure proximate the fan; an electrical power cable electrically connecting the solar photovoltaic panel to the soffit fan; and a protective screen attached to the soffit fan housing over an intake-exhaust portion of the soffit fan housing. 2. The solar-powered soffit fan according to claim 1, wherein said at least one soffit fan comprises a plurality of fans electrically connected to each other, the fans being disposed in a single housing. 3. The solar-powered soffit fan according to claim 1, further comprising a semi-rigid flexible duct connected to said soffit fan housing, the duct directing airflow between the soffit fan assembly and the building structure's attic portion. 4. The solar-powered soffit fan according to claim 1, further comprising a thermostat electrically connected to said solar-powered soffit fan, the thermostat controlling start, run, and stop cycles of said soffit fan according to a preset desired temperature. 5. The solar-powered soffit fan according to claim 1, further comprising a humistat electrically connected to said solar-powered soffit fan, the humistat controlling start, run, and stop cycles of said soffit fan according to a preset desired humidity. 6. The solar-powered soffit fan according to claim 1, wherein said at least one soffit fan is configured for drawing cool, ambient outside air from below the soffit into the building structure's attic. 7. The solar-powered soffit fan according to claim 1, wherein said at least one soffit fan is configured exhausting hot air from the building structure's attic out to the exterior of the building through the soffit opening. 8. The solar-powered soffit fan according to claim 1, wherein said at least one soffit fan comprises a first soffit fan configured to blow cool outside air into the building structure's attic and a second soffit fan configured to simultaneously exhaust hot air from the buildings structure's attic to the exterior of the building, thereby creating a push-pull airflow effect. 9. The solar-powered soffit fan according to claim 1, wherein the solar photovoltaic panel mounting has tilt adjustable members allowing said solar photovoltaic panel to be tilted toward the sun. 8. The solar-powered soffit fan according to claim 1, further comprising: a battery operably connected to said solar-powered soffit fan; a charge control device electrically connected to said solar panel and to the battery, said charge control device selectively using electricity from said solar panel to charge the battery, the battery being configured to power said soffit fan when there is insufficient sunlight to energize said solar panel. 