A contactless power charging system and an energy storage system including the same, the contactless power charging system including a contactless transformer configured to transmit power stored in a battery to a load, wherein the contactless transformer includes a primary core unit, the primary core unit including a first base portion, a projecting portion projecting from the first base portion, and a primary coil wound around the projecting portion; and a secondary core unit, the secondary core unit including a second base portion, a concave portion in the second base portion to receive the projecting portion, and a secondary coil on an inner surface of the concave portion, the secondary coil being configured to couple to the primary coil.
Claims 1. A contactless power charging system, comprising: a contactless transformer configured to transmit power stored in a battery to a load, wherein the contactless transformer includes: a primary core unit, the primary core unit including a first base portion, a projecting portion projecting from the first base portion, and a primary coil wound around the projecting portion; and a secondary core unit, the secondary core unit including a second base portion, a concave portion in the second base portion to receive the projecting portion, and a secondary coil on an inner surface of the concave portion, the secondary coil being configured to couple to the primary coil. 2. The contactless power charging system as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a gap between the first coil and the secondary coil. 3. The contactless power charging system as claimed in claim 1, further comprising: an inverter configured to convert power of the battery into alternating current (AC) power and transmit the AC power to the primary core unit; and a first capacitor connected to the inverter and connected in series to the primary core unit. 4. The contactless power charging system as claimed in claim 3, further comprising a second capacitor connected in parallel to the secondary core unit. 5. The contactless power charging system as claimed in claim 4, further comprising a rectifying unit, the rectifying unit being configured to rectify power transmitted from the secondary core unit and to transmit the rectified power to the load. 6. The contactless power charging system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the secondary core unit has a box shape. 7. The contactless power charging system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the load is a battery of an electrical moving object. 8. The contactless power charging system as claimed in claim 7, wherein the secondary core unit is on the electrical moving object. 9. An energy storage system for converting power generated by a photovoltaic power generation system and supplying the converted power to a grid or a load or storing the converted power in a battery, supplying power supplied from the grid to the load or converting the supplied power and storing the converted power in the battery, and converting power stored in the battery and supplying the converted power to the grid or the load, the energy storage system comprising: a contactless power charging system configured to charge a battery of an electrical moving object with the power stored in the battery by using a contactless transformer. 10. The energy storage system as claimed in claim 9, wherein the contactless transformer includes: a primary core unit, the primary core unit including a first base portion, a projecting portion projecting from the first base portion, and a primary coil wound around the projecting portion; and a secondary core unit, the secondary core unit including a second base portion, a concave portion in the second base portion to receive the projecting portion, and a secondary coil on an inner surface of the concave portion, the secondary coil being configured to couple to the primary coil. 11. The energy storage system as claimed in claim 10, wherein the contactless power charging system includes: an inverter, the inverter being configured to convert power of the battery into alternating current (AC) power and to transmit the AC power to the primary core unit; and a first capacitor connected to the inverter and connected in series to the primary core unit. 12. The energy storage system as claimed in claim 11, further comprising an integrated controller configured to control power conversion of the energy storage system, wherein the integrated controller is configured to control a switching frequency of the inverter based on a resonance frequency of the first capacitor connected in series to the primary core unit. 13. The energy storage system as claimed in claim 11, wherein the contactless power charging system further includes a second capacitor connected in parallel to the secondary core unit. 14. The energy storage system as claimed in claim 13, wherein the contactless power charging system further includes a rectifying unit, the rectifying unit being configured to rectify power transmitted from the secondary core unit and to transmit the rectified power to the load. 15. The energy storage system as claimed in claim 10, wherein the secondary core unit is on the electrical moving object. 16. The energy storage system as claimed in claim 11, wherein the inverter has a full-bridge structure including at least 4 switching elements. 17. An energy storage system, comprising: a maximum power point tracking (MPPT) converter configured to convert power generated by a photovoltaic power generation system and to output the converted power to a first node; a bidirectional inverter connected between the first node and a second node to which a grid and a load are connected, the bidirectional inverter being configured to: convert a first power input through the first node into a second power and output the second power to the second node, and convert power supplied from the grid into the first power and output the first power to the first node; a battery configured to store a third power; a bidirectional converter connected between the battery and the first node, the bidirectional converter being configured to: convert the third power output from the battery into the first power and output the first power to the bidirectional inverter through the first node, and convert the first power output through the first node from the bidirectional inverter into the third power and store the third power in the battery; an inverter configured to convert the third power stored in the battery into a fourth power; a primary core unit configured to transmit the fourth power to a battery of an electrical moving object in a contactless manner, the electrical moving object including a secondary core unit; and an integrated controller configured to control power conversion of the MPPT converter, the bidirectional inverter, the bidirectional converter, and the inverter. 18. The energy storage system as claimed in claim 17, wherein: the primary core unit includes a first base portion, a projecting portion projecting from the first base portion, and a primary coil wound around the projecting portion, and the secondary core unit includes a second base portion, a concave portion in the second base portion to receive the projecting portion, and a secondary coil on an inner surface of the concave portion, the secondary coil being configured to couple to the primary coil. 19. The energy storage system as claimed in claim 18, further comprising a first capacitor connected between the inverter and the primary core unit and connected in series to the primary core unit, wherein the electrical moving object further includes a second capacitor connected in parallel to the secondary core unit. 20. The energy storage system as claimed in claim 19, wherein the electrical moving object further includes a rectifying unit, the rectifying unit being configured to rectify power transmitted from the secondary core unit and to transmit the rectified power to the battery. 