A roof or facade panel with at least one surface panel that can be fastened to buildings, wherein the surface panel is foamed directly with a carrier layer of foamed plastic, and wherein the surface panel comprises a solar panel.
Claims 1. Roof or facade panel comprising at least one surface panel that can be attached to buildings, wherein the surface panel is directly foamed with a support layer of foamed synthetic material, and wherein the surface panel comprises a solar panel. 2. Roof or facade panel as claimed in claim 1, wherein on a side opposite the surface panel the support layer is foamed with an under layer. 3. Roof or facade panel as claimed in claim 2, wherein the under layer is formed from calcium sulfate or another fire-retarding material. 4. Roof or facade panel as claimed in claim 1, wherein a further, translucent layer is attached to the surface panel. 5. Roof or facade panel as claimed in claim 1, wherein the support layer is foamed rigid polyurethane foam or rigid integral polyurethane foam. 6. Roof or facade panel as claimed in claim 1, wherein suspension or mounting means for attaching the roof or facade panel to a building are foamed in the support layer. 7. Roof or facade panel as claimed in claim 1, wherein a metal grating is foamed in the support layer. 8. Roof or facade panel as claimed in claim 1, wherein tongue and groove elements are foamed in the support layer. 9. Roof or facade panel as claimed in claim 1, wherein pipes are foamed in the support layer. 10. Roof or facade panel as claimed in claim 9, wherein the pipes are located in a translucent layer or are directly attached thereto. 11. Roof or facade panel as claimed in claim 9, wherein the pipes are connected to a pipe system of floor heating either directly or indirectly via heat exchangers. 12. Roof or facade panel as claimed in claim 9, wherein the pipes are connected to a pipe system of a hot water supply either directly or indirectly via heat exchangers. 13. Roof or facade panel as claimed in claim 9, wherein the pipes comprise cooling coils. 14. Roof or facade panel as claimed in claim 4, wherein the translucent layer comprises an aeration system that leads to a cooling means for the solar panel and renders the thermal which arises usable by heat exchangers. 15. Roof or facade panel as claimed in claim 9, wherein heat exchangers are foamed into the support layer. 16. Roof or facade panel as claimed in claim 1, wherein electronic components are foamed in the support layer. 17. Process for producing a roof or facade panel as claimed in claim 1, comprising introducing a surface panel, comprising a solar panel into a mold and then injecting at least two liquid components into the mold, which components foam upon contact to form a rigid or rigid integral foam. 18. Process as claimed in claim 17, comprising introducing roof or facade panels that belong together and are produced for the same building into the same mold or an identical mold and maintaining the thickness of the mold constant regardless of the thickness of the solar panel. 19. Construction element comprising a roof or facade panel as claimed in claim 1, wherein the construction element is attached directly to structural elements of a building. 20. Construction element as claimed in claim 19, wherein the construction element has a recess that can be attached to two adjacent sides of the structural elements. 21. Construction element as claimed in claim 20, wherein the recess is lined with a metal bracket. 22. Construction facade element as claimed in claim 19, wherein the structural elements comprise supports or roof battens of the building. 23. Construction facade element as claimed in claim 19, wherein a calcium sulfate plate is disposed on each side of the element except a front side. 24. Process for producing a roof or facade panel as claimed in claim 17, wherein said liquid components comprise polyol and isocyanate. 