An optical sensor for a medical device includes a fixed lens spacing between emit and receive modules to achieve target sensor sensitivity, while varying other sensor parameters in order to increase signal amplitude without increasing power demand. An optical sensor connected to a housing of a medical device includes a circuit board, an opto-electronic component, a wall, a lens, and a ferrule. The circuit board is arranged within the housing. The opto-electronic component is mounted on a surface of the circuit board. The wall protrudes from the surface of the circuit board and surrounds the opto-electronic component. The lens is offset from the surface of the circuit board. The ferrule is connected to the housing, the lens and the wall. An inner surface of the wall mates with an outer surface of the ferrule.
Claims 1. A medical device comprising: a housing; and an optical sensor module connected to the housing and comprising: a circuit board arranged within the housing; an opto-electronic component mounted on a surface of the circuit board; a wall protruding from the surface of the circuit board and surrounding the opto-electronic component; a lens offset from the surface of the circuit board; and a ferrule connected to the housing, the lens and the wall, wherein an inner surface of the wall mates with an outer surface of the ferrule. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the wall and the ferrule are sized such that the inner surface of the wall and the outer surface of the ferrule form an interference fit. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein a joint between the inner surface of the wall and the outer surface of the ferrule comprises at least one of a weld, a braze, or an adhesive joint. 4. The device of claim 1, wherein the outer surface of the ferrule comprises one of a protrusion or a concavity and the inner surface of the wall comprises the other of the concavity or the protrusion, the protrusion being configured to be received by the concavity. 5. The device of claim 4, wherein at least one of the protrusion or the concavity comprises at least one of an arcuate or rectilinear shape. 6. The device of claim 1, wherein the opto-electronic component comprises at least one of a light emitting diode, a vertical cavity surface emitting laser, a photoresistor, a light dependent resistor, a photodiode, a phototransistor, a photovoltaic cell, or a charge-coupled device. 7. The device of claim 1, wherein an inner surface of the wall and a surface of the circuit board to which the opto-electronic component is mounted each comprise a reflective material. 8. The device of claim 1, wherein a space defined by the circuit board, the wall, the lens, and the ferrule is at least partially filled with an index matching material. 9. The device of claim 1 further comprising a transparent seal arranged over an outer surface of the lens. 10. The device of claim 9, wherein the seal comprises a biocompatible polymeric material. 11. The device of claim 9, wherein the seal comprises at least one of silicone or polyurethane. 12. The device of claim 1, wherein the medical device comprises at least one of a pulse generator or a medical lead. 13. The device of claim 1, wherein the optical sensor module comprises at least one of a light emitting module or a light receiving module. 14. The device of claim 1 further comprising an optical sensor comprising the optical sensor module, wherein the optical sensor comprises at least one of a blood oxygen saturation, a blood glucose level, or a tissue perfusion sensor. 15. The device of claim 1 further comprising an opaque member partially covering the lens to form a masked lens edge substantially aligned with a first edge of the opto-electronic component. 16. An optical sensor connected to a housing of an medical device, the sensor comprising: a circuit board arranged within the housing; an opto-electronic component mounted on a surface of the circuit board; a wall protruding from the surface of the circuit board and surrounding the opto-electronic component; a lens offset from the surface of the circuit board; and a ferrule connected to the housing, the lens and the wall, wherein an inner surface of the wall mates with an outer surface of the ferrule. 17. The sensor of claim 16, wherein the wall and the ferrule are sized such that the inner surface of the wall and the outer surface of the ferrule form an interference fit. 18. The sensor of claim 16, wherein a joint between the inner surface of the wall and the outer surface of the ferrule comprises at least one of a weld, a braze, or an adhesive joint. 19. The sensor of claim 16, wherein the outer surface of the ferrule comprises one of a protrusion or a concavity and the inner surface of the wall comprises the other of the concavity or the protrusion, the protrusion being configured to be received by the concavity. 20. The sensor of claim 19, wherein at least one of the protrusion or the concavity comprises at least one of an arcuate or rectilinear shape. 21. The sensor of claim 16, wherein the opto-electronic component comprises at least one of a light emitting diode, a vertical cavity surface emitting laser, a photoresistor, a light dependent resistor, a photodiode, a phototransistor, a photovoltaic cell, or a charge-coupled device. 22. The sensor of claim 16, wherein an inner surface of the wall and a surface of the circuit board to which the opto-electronic component is mounted each comprise a reflective material. 23. The sensor of claim 16, wherein a space defined by the circuit board, the wall, the lens, and the ferrule is at least partially filled with an index matching material. 24. The sensor of claim 16 further comprising a transparent seal arranged over an outer surface of the lens. 25. The sensor of claim 24, wherein the seal comprises a biocompatible polymeric material. 26. The sensor of claim 24, wherein the seal comprises at least one of silicone or polyurethane. 27. The sensor of claim 16, wherein the medical device comprises at least one of a pulse generator or a medical lead. 28. The sensor of claim 16, wherein the optical sensor comprises at least one of a blood oxygen saturation, a blood glucose level, or a tissue perfusion sensor. 29. The sensor of claim 16 further comprising an opaque member partially covering the lens to form a masked lens edge substantially aligned with a first edge of the opto-electronic component. 30. A method of constructing an optical sensor connected to a housing of an medical device, the method comprising: connecting a lens to a ferrule; connecting the ferrule to the housing; mounting an opto-electronic component on a surface of a circuit board; connecting a wall to the circuit board to protrude from the surface of the circuit board and surround the opto-electronic component; and connecting the wall to the ferrule such that an inner surface of the wall mates with an outer surface of the ferrule. 