This invention concerns remote telemetry and video. In a first aspect, the invention is a remote telemetry and video support platform for communicating with at least one remote mobile telemetry video monitoring installation, and with users. The platform stores a profile for each remote installation and uses this profile to assemble a message for transmission to each remote installation to enable automatic configuration of the remote installation's hardware, and establishment of a monitoring regime. Thereafter as the monitoring regime is performed by the remote installation and monitoring data is generated, the server platform receives, stores and interprets the data, and provides the data to users as required and according to the respective profile. In another aspect a remote mobile telemetry and video monitoring installation. In a further aspect the invention is a remote telemetry and video network comprising the platform and plural remote installations.
Claims 1. A telemetry and video support computer platform for communicating with at least one remote mobile telemetry video monitoring installation, and with users; wherein, the platform stores a profile for each remote installation and uses this profile to assemble a message for transmission to each remote installation to enable automatic configuration of the remote installation's hardware, and establishment of a monitoring regime; thereafter as the monitoring regime is performed by the remote installation and monitoring data is generated, the server platform receives, stores and interprets the data, and provides the data to users as required and according to the respective profile. 2. A telemetry and video support computer platform according to claim 1, further comprising one or more of the following clusters of servers: a relational database management system cluster; a device Real-Time Services cluster; a device Data Logging cluster; a web application server cluster; and, further external applications. 3. A telemetry and video support computer platform according to claim 2, wherein the clusters of servers are distributed. 4. A remote mobile telemetry and video monitoring installation, comprising: an Internet Protocol IP video camera integrated with an embedded control processor; a communications port; a modem; a network interface; a radio transceiver; and, an antenna; wherein, the installation receives and executes commands to set up its hardware and establish a monitoring regime in a form determined by the commands, and then performs the regime and transmits data, including image data and associated metadata about the images, wherein the commands are based on a profile associated with the installation. 5. A remote mobile telemetry and video monitoring installation according to claim 4, wherein in use, the installation automatically connects itself to a platform via a communications network. 6. A remote mobile telemetry and video monitoring installation according to claim 5, wherein the communications connection via the network remains in continuous communication so that real time imagery and control services are available. 7. A remote mobile telemetry and video monitoring installation according to claim 4, further comprising one or more of sound, motion, vibration and other transducers. 8. A remote mobile telemetry and video monitoring installation according to claim 7, wherein the transducers are used to trigger alarms. 9. A remote mobile telemetry and video monitoring installation according to claim 4, wherein the remote installations are operated by solar power. 10. A remote mobile telemetry and video monitoring installation according to claim 4, wherein the remote installations are mobile. 11. A remote mobile telemetry and video monitoring installation according to claim 4, wherein the installation is associated with a single owner. 12. A remote mobile telemetry and video monitoring installation according to claim 11, wherein the owner delegate rights to one or more other users. 13. A remote mobile telemetry and video monitoring installation according to claim 12, wherein users may be related with other users in a "one to one" or "one to many", or "one to select" nature and by doing this the owner has the ability to share all or some of the functionality of a remote installation with those users. 14. A method for setting up the hardware for a remote mobile telemetry and video monitoring installation and establishing a monitoring regime, comprising the steps of: creating a user selected profile for the remote installation; transmitting the profile to the remote installation; automatically using the profile at the remote installation to configure the remote installation's hardware, and establish a monitoring regime; and, thereafter as the monitoring regime is performed by the remote installation and monitoring data is generated, transmitting the data to a server platform according to the profile. 15. A remote telemetry and video network comprising the platform according to claim 1 having plural remote installations. 16. A remote telemetry and video network according to claim 15, wherein a user logs in to the platform via the Internet to set up the hardware in a remote installation and establish a monitoring regime. 17. A remote telemetry and video network according to claim 16, wherein user's instructions take account of the equipment at the remote installation. 18. A remote telemetry and video network according to claim 17, wherein the user's instructions are recorded in a profile with is stored at the platform. 19. A remote telemetry and video network according to claim 18, wherein the server makes available appropriate instructions, from the profile, to a remote installation that responds by setting itself up and establishing the regime. 