Embodiments of the subject invention relate to a method and apparatus for providing an electrical energy system. A specific embodiment can incorporate at least one energy harvesting module (H-module), at least one energy storage module (S-module), and at least one power electronic circuit module (C-module). The various modules can be integrated into a standard battery configuration. Specific embodiments pertain to a reconfigurable energy system with modules that can be disconnected and reconnected into different shapes and configurations.
Claims 1. An apparatus, comprising: at least one energy harvesting module (H-module), wherein each H-module harvests energy from one or more energy sources; and at least one energy storage module (S-module), wherein each S-module stores energy, wherein each H-module is adapted to electrically interconnect with at least one S-module. 2. An apparatus comprising: at least one energy harvesting module (H-module), wherein each H-module harvests energy from one or more energy sources; and at least one power electronic circuit module (C-module), wherein each C-module provides one or more of the following: circuit functionality, external connectivity to a second apparatus, and external circuitry, wherein each H-module is adapted to electrically interconnect with at least one C-module. 3. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein each H-module comprises one or more connectors adapted to interconnect with complimentary connectors of another module. 4. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein each H-module comprises one or more connectors adapted to interconnect with complimentary connectors of another module. 5. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein each S-module comprises one or more connectors adapted to interconnect with complimentary connectors of another module. 6. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein each C-module comprises one or more connectors adapted to interconnect with complimentary connectors of another module. 7. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising at least one power electronic circuit module (C-module), wherein each C-module provides one or more of the following: circuit functionality, external connectivity to a second apparatus, and external circuitry. 8. The apparatus according to claim 7, wherein each C-module comprises one or more connectors adapted to interconnect with complimentary connectors of another module. 9. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein one or more of the at least one H-module harvests vibrational energy. 10. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein one or more of the at least one H-module harvests vibrational energy. 11. The apparatus according to claim 9, wherein the one or more H-module that harvests vibrational energy harvest the vibrational energy via one or more transduction mechanisms selected from the group consisting of: piezoelectric, electrodynamic, magnetic, electrostatic, and magnetoelastic. 12. The apparatus according to claim 10, wherein the one or more H-module that harvests vibrational energy harvest the vibrational energy via one or more transduction mechanisms selected from the group consisting of: piezoelectric, electrodynamic, magnetic, electrostatic, and magnetoelastic. 13. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the one or more of the at least one H-module harvests thermal energy. 14. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein the one or more of the at least one H-module harvests thermal energy. 15. The apparatus according to claim 13, wherein the one or more H-module that harvests thermal energy via a thermal-electric energy transduction mechanism selected form the group consisting of thermoelectric and thermonic. 16. The apparatus according to claim 14, wherein the one or more H-module that harvests thermal energy via a thermal-electric energy transduction mechanism selected form the group consisting of thermoelectric and thermonic. 17. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein one or more of the at least one H-module harvests solar energy. 18. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein one or more of the at least one H-module harvests solar energy. 19. The apparatus according to claim 17, wherein the one or more H-module that harvests solar energy harvests the solar energy via a photoelectric energy transduction mechanism. 20. The apparatus according to claim 18, wherein the one or more H-module that harvests solar energy harvests the solar energy via a photoelectric energy transduction mechanism. 21. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein one or more of the at least one H-module harvests electromagnetic energy. 22. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein one or more of the at least one H-module harvests electromagnetic energy. 23. The apparatus according to claim 21, wherein the one or more H-module that harvests electromagnetic energy harvests the electromagnetic energy via magnetic induction. 24. The apparatus according to claim 22, wherein the one or more H-module that harvests electromagnetic energy harvests the electromagnetic energy via magnetic induction. 25. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein one or more of the at least one S-module comprises a rechargeable electrochemical battery. 26. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein one or more of the at least one S-module comprises a supercapacitor. 27. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein one or more of the at least one S-module comprises a mechanical energy storage mechanism. 28. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein one or more of the at least one S-module comprises a magnetic energy storage mechanism. 29. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein one or more of the at least one C-module provides ac-dc rectification. 30. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein one or more of the at least one C-module provides dc-ac inversion. 31. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein one or more of the at least one C-module provides power regulation. 32. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein one or more of the at least one C-module provides voltage amplification. 33. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein one or more of the at least one C-module provides current amplification. 34. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein one or more of the at least one C-module provides charging control. 35. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein one or more of the at least one C-module provides power delivery. 36. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein one or more of the at least one C-module provides sleep/standby control. 37. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein one or more of the at least one C-module provides short-circuit protection. 38. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein one or more of the at least one C-module provides overvoltage protection. 39. The apparatus according to claim 7, wherein the apparatus delivers power to external electronic circuits at the same rate and duty cycle as a battery selected from the group consisting of a AAAA battery, a AAA battery, a AA battery, a C battery, a D battery, a 9-Volt battery and a lantern battery. 40. The apparatus according to claim 7, wherein one or more of the at least one H-module, at least one S-module, and at least one C-module operates independently of the remaining modules. 41. The apparatus according to claim 7, wherein one or more of the at least one H-module, at least one S-module, and at least one C-module operates in conjunction with at least one of the remaining modules. 42. The apparatus according to claim 7, wherein one or more of the at least one H-module, at least one S-module, and at least one C-module comprise a paired male and female connector. 43. The apparatus according to claim 42, wherein the paired male and female connector provides a path for electrical power transfer. 44. The apparatus according to claim 42, wherein the paired male and female connector provide a path for network communication. 45. The apparatus according to claim 44, wherein the network communication provides overall status monitoring. 46. The apparatus according to claim 44, wherein the network communication allows the apparatus to adaptively control one or more of the at least one H-module, at least one S-module, and at least one C-module. 47. The apparatus according to claim 7, wherein the at least one H-module, the at least one S-module, and the at least one C-module are arranged in a linear array. 48. The apparatus according to claim 7, wherein the at least one H-module, the at least one S-module, and the at least one C-modules are arranged in a 2-D array. 49. The apparatus according to claim 7, wherein the at least one H-module, the at least one S-module, and the at least one C-module are arranged in a 3-D array. 50. The apparatus according to claim 7, wherein the connection between the at least one H-modules, the at least one S-module, and the at least one C-module comprises a snapping action. 