The evaporative desalination system removes salt and contaminants from brine or salt water to produce purified potable water. The evaporative desalination system includes an inclined housing having a raised upper end and a lower end. An upper wall of the inclined housing is formed from an optically transparent material, such as glass. A plurality of stepped evaporator trays are mounted within the inclined housing, and a water collection tray is disposed within the inclined housing adjacent the lower end. Ambient light is transmitted through the optically transparent upper wall, causing the salt water contained within the plurality of stepped evaporator trays to evaporate. Evaporated water vapor rises from each evaporator tray to form a layer of condensed pure water on the inner surface of the upper wall. The condensed pure water drips toward the lower end of the inclined housing to collect in the water collection tray.
Claims 1. An evaporative desalination system, comprising: an inclined housing having a raised upper end and a lower end, the inclined housing defining a sealed open interior region therein, the housing having an optically transparent upper wall; a plurality of stepped evaporator trays mounted within the inclined housing, the median height between each of the trays and the upper wall being substantially equal; a water collection tray disposed within the inclined housing adjacent the lower end thereof; and means for selectively filling the plurality of stepped evaporator trays with salt water; wherein ambient light transmitted through the optically transparent upper wall causes the salt water contained within the plurality of stepped evaporator trays to evaporate, forming a layer of condensed pure water on the upper wall, the condensed pure water dripping, under the force of gravity toward the lower end of the inclined housing to collect in the water collection tray. 2. The evaporative desalination system as recited in claim 1, wherein said inclined housing includes a lower wall and at least one sidewall. 3. The evaporative desalination system as recited in claim 2, wherein said inclined housing is substantially rectangular in cross section. 4. The evaporative desalination system as recited in claim 3, further comprising a stand having opposed upper and lower ends, the lower end being adapted for mounting on the ground, the upper end supporting the raised upper end of said inclined housing. 5. The evaporative desalination system as recited in claim 4, wherein each said evaporator tray is formed from a thermally conductive material. 6. The evaporative desalination system as recited in claim 5, further comprising means for selectively heating each said evaporator tray. 7. The evaporative desalination system as recited in claim 6, wherein each said evaporator tray has at least one thermally conductive fin mounted therein. 8. The evaporative desalination system as recited in claim 7, further comprising an insulating layer formed between said plurality of evaporator trays and the lower wall of said inclined housing, and between said water collection tray and the lower wall of said inclined housing. 9. The evaporative desalination system as recited in claim 8, wherein said means for selectively filling said plurality of stepped evaporator trays with the salt water includes a pump in communication with an external source of salt water, the pump being configured for selective actuation. 10. The evaporative desalination system as recited in claim 9, wherein said water collection tray has a drain formed therethrough. 11. The evaporative desalination system as recited in claim 10, further comprising: a drainage pipe having first and second ends, the first end of the pipe being in communication with the drain formed through the water collection tray; and an external water collection tank, the second end of the drainage pipe being configured for feeding the condensed pure water thereto. 12. The evaporative desalination system as recited in claim 11, further comprising at least one mirror positioned adjacent said inclined housing for reflecting the ambient light into said inclined housing. 13. The evaporative desalination system as recited in claim 12, further comprising means for selectively cooling the upper wall of said inclined housing. 14. The evaporative desalination system as recited in claim 13, further comprising an optically transparent cover positioned above and extending parallel to the upper wall of said inclined housing, forming an airflow pathway between the cover and the upper wall of said housing. 15. The evaporative desalination system as recited in claim 14, further comprising a fan disposed at one end of the airflow pathway for blowing ambient air through the airflow pathway, the fan being selectively operable. 16. The evaporative desalination system as recited in claim 15, wherein said means for selectively heating each said evaporator tray comprises a plurality of electric heating elements, the heating elements being disposed within each said evaporator tray, respectively. 17. The evaporative desalination system as recited in claim 16, further comprising at least one solar panel positioned adjacent said inclined housing, the solar panel being electrically connected to the plurality of electric heating elements, the fan and the pump for at least partially powering the plurality of electric heating elements, the fan and the pump. 18. The evaporative desalination system as recited in claim 16, further comprising at least one wind turbine positioned adjacent said inclined housing, the wind turbine being electrically connected to the plurality of electric heating elements, the fan and the pump for at least partially powering the plurality of electric heating elements, the fan and the pump. 19. The evaporative desalination system as recited in claim 16, further comprising: at least one solar panel positioned adjacent said inclined housing; and at least one wind turbine in electrical communication with the at least one solar panel and being positioned adjacent said inclined housing, the wind turbine and the at least one solar panel being electrically connected to the plurality of electric heating elements, the fan and the pump for at least partially powering the plurality of electric heating elements, the fan and the pump. 20. The evaporative desalination system as recited in claim 16, further comprising a feed pipe having opposed first and second ends, the first end being in communication with the pump, the second end feeding into the open interior region of said inclined housing, the feed pipe being configured to deliver the salt water to said plurality of evaporator trays. 