A switch conversion apparatus including an interface device, a mounting plate configured to mount to a toggle switch and including at least one aperture for receiving a toggle arm of a toggle switch, and an actuator plate configured to slidably engage the mounting plate and including at least one aperture for receiving and engaging a toggle arm of a toggle switch when engaged by the interface device so as to transition the state of the switch. Other embodiments of a switch conversion apparatus include one or more mechanical, electrical, and/or pneumatic timers.
Claims 1. A switch conversion apparatus, comprising: an interface device; a mounting plate configured to mount to a toggle switch and including at least one aperture for receiving a toggle arm of a toggle switch; and an actuator plate configured to slidably engage the mounting plate and including at least one aperture for receiving and engaging a toggle arm of a toggle switch when engaged by the interface device so as to transition the state of the switch. 2. The switch conversion apparatus of claim 1 further including: a cover configured to attach to the mounting plate and further configured to rotatably mount the interface device; wherein the interface device is a paddle including a curved surface and a plurality of sector gear teeth disposed proximate the curved surface; wherein the actuator plate includes a plurality of rack gear teeth configured to engage the plurality of sector gear teeth; and wherein the mounting plate includes at least one channel for slidably receiving at least a portion of the actuator plate. 3. The switch conversion apparatus of claim 1 further including: a cover configured to attach to the mounting plate and further configured to rotatably mount the interface device; a lever including a first end and a second end wherein the lever is attached to the interface device at the first end and wherein the lever is rotatably attached to the actuator plate at a second end; and wherein the mounting plate includes at least one channel for slidably receiving at least a portion of the actuator plate. 4. The switch conversion apparatus of claim 3 further including: a gear assembly including at least one gear; a timer including at least one gear configured to wind the timer wherein the at least one timer gear is configured to engage the at least one gear of the gear assembly; and wherein the interface device is a paddle including a curved surface and a plurality of sector gear teeth disposed proximate the curved surface and configured to engage the at least one gear of the gear assembly. 5. The switch conversion apparatus of claim 4 further including: a second aperture disposed in the actuator plate; and a latch pin configured to communicate with the timer wherein the latch pin is biased toward the actuator plate so as to maintain the actuator plate position upon alignment with the second aperture. 6. The switch conversion apparatus of claim 5 wherein the timer is configured to bias the latch pin away from the actuator plate upon expiration. 7. The switch conversion apparatus of claim 6 wherein the lever is attached to the interface device at the first end by a hinge and wherein successive rotation of the paddle is configured to further wind the timer. 8. The switch conversion apparatus of claim 1 further including: a cover configured to attach to the mounting plate and further configured to rotatably mount the interface device; a gear train disposed proximate the actuator plate; a gear assembly including at least one gear configured to engage the gear train and wherein the interface device is configured to engage the at least one gear of the gear assembly when rotated; and wherein the actuator plate is engaged by the interface device by rotation of the at least one gear of the gear assembly. 9. The switch conversion apparatus of claim 8 further including: a spring disposed at one end of the gear train and configured to communicate with the actuator plate; and a spring retainer attached to the mounting plate and configured compress the spring when the spring is engaged by the gear train 10. The switch conversion apparatus of claim 9 further including: a timer including at least one gear configured to wind the timer wherein the at least one timer gear is configured to engage at least one of the at least one gear of the gear assembly and the gear train; and a latch rotatably attached to the mounting plate at a first end and attached to the timer at a second end wherein the latch is biased toward the actuator plate so as to selectively retain the actuator plate; and wherein the timer is configured to bias the latch pin away from the actuator plate upon expiration. 11. The switch conversion apparatus of claim 1 further including: a linkage and a release linkage configured to communicate with the interface device; an over-center spring configured to engage the actuator plate at a first end; a return spring configured to engage the actuator plate at a second end; and wherein the interface device is configured to engage the actuator plate by communicating with the linkage and return linkage to engage the over-center and return springs thereby biasing the actuator plate. 12. The switch conversion apparatus of claim 11 further including: a latch configured to engage the actuator plate so as to selectively maintain the position of the actuator plate; a release actuator configured to communicate with the latch so as to disengage the latch from the actuator plate; an electronic timer having an interval and configured to energize the release actuator upon expiration; and a power supply disposed proximate the timer and configured to electrically communicate with the timer. 13. The switch conversion apparatus of claim 12 further including: a housing configured to attach to the mounting plate; a cover configured to attach to at least one of the housing and the mounting plate; a timer interface attached to the cover and in electrical communication with the timer wherein the timer interface is configured to selectively set the timer interval and wherein the timer interface is selected from the group consisting of one or more buttons, one or more keys, one or more sliders, and one or more touchscreens. 14. The switch conversion apparatus of claim 13 wherein the power supply is a rechargeable battery and wherein the cover is further configured to mount a photovoltaic panel configured to electrically communicate with the rechargeable battery. 15. The switch conversion apparatus of claim 1 further including: a cover configured to attach to the mounting plate and further configured to rotatably mount the interface device; wherein the interface device includes a lever portion configured to engage the actuator plate upon rotation of the interface device; and wherein the mounting plate includes at least one channel for slidably receiving at least a portion of the actuator plate. 16. The switch conversion apparatus of claim 15 further including: a gear assembly including at least one gear; a gear train having a first end and a second end and including a piston disposed toward the first end and an arm extending toward the actuator plate and disposed between the second end and the piston and wherein the second end is configured to communicate with the at least one gear of the gear assembly; a spring configured to be engaged by the piston; a cylinder configured to receive at least the piston and the spring and further including at least one valve; a pawl rotatably attached to the arm wherein the pawl is configured to be biased toward the actuator plate so as to engage at least a portion of the actuator plate upon alignment and wherein the pawl is further configured to selectively disengage the actuator plate upon decompression of the spring; and wherein the interface device further includes a curved surface and a plurality of sector gear teeth disposed proximate the curved surface wherein the sector gear teeth are configured to engage the at least one gear of the gear assembly upon rotation of the interface device. 17. The switch conversion apparatus of claim 1 further including: a pneumatic timer including a cylinder, a piston, at least one valve, and a timer interface configured to communicate with the piston; a yoke attached to the actuator plate; wherein the interface device is a slider and is further configured to engage the timer interface so as to displace the piston and the yoke so as to displace the actuator plate. 18. The switch conversion apparatus of claim 1 further including: a link configured to communicate with the user interface device; a yoke configured to communicate with the link and the actuator plate; a pulley including a cable having a first end and a second end wherein the cable is attached at the first end to at least one of the slider, yoke, link, and actuator plate; a cylinder including a first end and a second end and further including at least one valve disposed toward the first end; a piston disposed in the cylinder and configured to attach to the second end of the cable; a spring retainer disposed at the second end of the cylinder; and a spring disposed in the cylinder and between the piston and the spring retainer. 19. A switch conversion apparatus, comprising: at least one interface device selected from the group consisting of a paddle, a panel, a bar, a rocker, and a slider; a cover configured to mount the interface device and further configured to attached to the mounting plate; a mounting plate including at least one channel; an actuator plate configured to slidably engage the mounting plate at the at least one channel; timer means configured to communicate with the at least one interface device and further configured to selectively displace the actuator plate in the at least one channel. 20. A method of converting a toggle switch, comprising: attaching to a toggle switch a mounting plate including at least one channel and further including an actuator plate slidably coupled to the mounting plate at the at least one channel; attaching to the mounting plate a cover including at least one interface device mounted thereon; and wherein the interface device is configured to communicate with the actuator plate so as to slide the actuator plate in the at least one channel thereby selectively transition the state of the toggle switch. 