An automated ornament includes a power source coupled to a drive shaft that provides rotatory power about a drive axis. The drive shaft is coupled to a first drive gear, which engages a second idler gear such that rotation of the first gear in one direction causes the second gear to rotate in the opposite direction. A third driven gear engages the second gear such that rotation of the second gear in one direction causes the third gear to rotate in the opposite direction. The gear ratio of the first gear to the third gear is at least two to one. When the automated ornament is supported by support means, the power source causes an ornamental housing to rotate about the support means via the first, second, and third gears. The power source also can cause a sound module to produce musical notes via a subsidiary gear train.
Claims 1. An automated ornament, comprising: a mounting plate; a power source mounted on said mounting plate and providing rotatory power about a drive axis; a drive shaft coupled to said power source; a first gear rotably mounted with respect to said mounting plate, said drive shaft being coupled to said first gear such that both can rotate about said drive axis; a second gear rotably mounted with respect to said mounting plate, said second gear engaging said first gear such that rotation of said first gear in a first direction causes said second gear to rotate in a second direction opposite the first direction; a third gear rotably mounted with respect to said mounting plate, said third gear engaging said second gear such that rotation of said second gear in the second direction causes said third gear to rotate in the first direction, wherein the gear ratio of said first gear to said third gear is at least two and to one; an ornamental housing coupled to said mounting plate; support means coupled to said third gear, wherein, when said automated ornament is supported by said support means, said power source causes said ornamental housing to rotate about said support means via said first, second, and third gears; a sound module for producing sound; and means for coupling said power source to said sound module to cause said sound module to produce sound substantially simultaneously with rotation of said ornamental housing. 2. The automated ornament of claim 1, wherein said power source is a mechanical power source. 3. The automated ornament of claim 2, wherein said power source is a spring motor. 4. The automated ornament of claim 1, wherein said power source is an electric motor. 5. The automated ornament of claim 4, wherein said electric motor is adapted to be supplied with electrical power from one of an electrical outlet, an alternating current to direct current converter, a battery, and a solar cell. 6. The automated ornament of claim 1, wherein a portion of said support means is disposed above the ornamental housing. 7. The automated ornament of claim 1, wherein a portion of said support means is disposed below the ornamental housing. 8. The automated ornament of claim 1, wherein said coupling means comprises a gear train for coupling said power source to said sound module. 9. The automated ornament of claim 8, wherein said sound producing module includes a drum coupled to said gear train to be rotated therethrough. 10. The automated ornament of claim 9, wherein said sound module includes a plurality of tines and said drum includes a plurality of projections extending therefrom, wherein rotation of said drum causes said projections to pluck said tines. 11. The automated ornament of claim 8, wherein said sound module includes a disc rotated through said gear train by said power source. 12. The automated ornament of claim 11, wherein said sound module includes a plurality of tines and said disc includes a plurality of projections extending therefrom, wherein rotation of said disc causes said projections to pluck said tines. 13. The automated ornament of claim 1, wherein a portion of said support means extends through an aperture formed in a center portion of said ornamental housing. 14. An automated musical ornament, comprising: a mounting plate; a power source fixedly attached to said mounting plate; a drive shaft coupled to said power source; a first gear rotably mounted with respect to said mounting plate, wherein said drive shaft is coupled to said first gear and serves as an axis of rotation for said first gear; a second gear rotably mounted with respect to said mounting plate, said second gear engaging said first gear, wherein rotation of said first gear in a first direction causes said second gear to rotate in a second direction opposite the first direction; a third gear rotably mounted with respect to said mounting plate, said third gear engaging said second gear, wherein rotation of said second gear in the second direction causes said third gear to rotate in the first direction, and wherein the nominal diameter of said first gear is at least two times greater than the nominal diameter of said third gear; a subsidiary gear train mounted with said mounting plate and coupled to said power source also to be driven thereby; music generation means coupled to said gear train, wherein rotation of said gear train by said power source also causes said music generation means to produce music; an ornamental housing coupled to said mounting plate; and support means coupled to said third gear, wherein, when said automated ornament is supported by said support means, said power source causes said ornamental housing to rotate about said support means via said first, second, and third gears substantially simultaneously with production of music by said music generation means. 15. The automated ornament of claim 14, wherein said power source is a mechanical power source. 16. The automated ornament of claim 14, wherein said power source is a spring motor. 17. The automated ornament of claim 14, wherein said power source is an electric motor. 18. The automated ornament of claim 17, wherein said electric motor is adapted to be supplied with electrical power from one of an electrical outlet, an alternating current to direct current converter, a battery, and a solar cell. 19. The automated musical ornament of claim 14, wherein a portion of said support means is disposed above said ornamental housing. 20. The automated musical ornament of claim 14, wherein a portion of said support means is disposed below said ornamental housing. 21. The automated musical ornament of claim 15, wherein said music generation means includes a drum rotated through said gear train. 22. The automated musical ornament of claim 21, wherein said music generation means includes a plurality of tines and said drum includes a plurality of projections extending therefrom, and wherein rotation of said drum causes said projections to pluck said tines. 23. The automated musical ornament of claim 14, wherein said music generation means includes a disc rotated through said gear train. 24. The automated musical ornament of claim 24, wherein said music generation means includes a plurality of tines and said disc includes a plurality of projections extending therefrom, and wherein rotation of said disc causes said projections to contact said tines. 25. The automated musical ornament of claim 14, wherein a portion of said support means extends through an aperture formed in a center portion of said ornamental housing. 26. The automated musical ornament of claim 14, wherein the nominal diameter of said first gear is at least two and one-half times greater than the nominal diameter of said third gear. 