A data enhanced tombstone contains audio, video, or text of the deceased and means to communicate to an electronic user device reproducing the audio and visual images.
Claims 1. A tombstone for communicating audio and visual data related to the deceased from the tombstone to a user hand-held device, the tombstone comprising: an indicia bearing and data storage portion; a memory storage unit with a cover shield with opening door which covers the memory storage device, for protection thereof the cover shield comprising an access door on the front of the tombstone for access to an interior chamber, the access door having one or more memory chips for large data storage; a weather-proof interior chamber having a removable interior cylinder with a locking mechanism, the interior chamber further defined by a removable feature with a key for convenient mounting and movement and maintenance of the electronic storage; a transmitter for communicating electronic data to a user hand-held device, the transmitter comprising a power source to transmit; and data related to the deceased located within the interior chamber storage device, the data comprising audio and visual images of the deceased, the data stored within storage media; means for accessing the audio and visual images of the deceased from the data related to the deceased utilizing a user hand-held device. 2. The tombstone of claim 1, wherein the user hand-held device is selected from the group consisting of a cell phone, DVD player, laptop or computer, iPAD, Smart phone, Netbook and any device capable of reading the data storage device. 3. The tombstone of claim 1, wherein the data storage device is one or more selected from the group consisting of a flash drive, memory card, SSD, Jump Stick, or electronic data storage devices. 4. The tombstone of claim 1, wherein the storage media is one or more selected from the group consisting of video, text, still photos, and a unique ID number. 5. The tombstone of claim 1, wherein the data will be installed is selected from the group consisting of a laptop, client computer, and network computer containing the information of the deceased. 6. The tombstone of claim 1, further comprising a power source is selected from a group consisting of a solar power cell, battery, or magnetic power source. 7. The tombstone of claim 1, wherein the tombstone is secure from vandalism. 8. The tombstone of claim 2, further including at least method for connectivity is selected from the group consisting of a cable connection or wireless connection to the tombstone. 9. The tombstone of claim 8, further includes the wireless connection selected from the group of Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Home RF, or IrDA. 