A signage system (10) including one or more visual display devices (11), each mounted for display behind the windshield (15) of one or more parked and ignition-off vehicles (16). Each sign (11) has a visual display surface (12) that is capable of forming an illuminated graphic display (13) on the visual display surface (12). The visual display surface (12) would be visible to observers in front of the vehicle (16). The system (10) includes wireless communication hardware (60) that allows the visual display (11) to be programmed by a remote programming device (41). Each of the display devices (11) can be programmed to have a separate message and each message would scroll from left to right across the display surface (12) in a time coordinated manner so that the message appears to scroll consistently from left to right across the visual field of the plurality of display surfaces (12).
Claims 1. A signage system, comprising: a) a vehicle having the windshield, b) a sign having a visual display surface that is capable of forming illuminated graphic display on the visual display surface, the sign and being mounted for display adjacent the inside surface of the windshield of the vehicle, so that the visual display surface would be visible to observers in front of the vehicle, c) a message controller adapted to determine the graphic display on the sign, and d) a message programming device adapted to instruct the message controller concerning the graphic display that the message controller determines for the sign. 2. A signage system as recited in claim 1, wherein the display surface carries a matrix of highly energy efficient illumination devices that, when selectively illuminated, form the graphic display. 3. A signage system as recited in claim 2, wherein the illumination devices are light emitting diodes. 4. A signage system as recited in claim 1, wherein the vehicle includes a battery and a solar panel that provides electric power to the battery to power the sign. 5. A signage system as recited in claim 1, wherein the sign includes a suction cup for holding the sign to the inside of the windshield. 6. A signage system as recited in claim 1, wherein the message controller and the message programming device each include a wireless communication capability that allows the message programming device to communicate wirelessly with the message controller, and thereby program the message controller remotely. 7. A signage system as recited in claim 1, wherein the visual display surface of the sign includes a forwardly directed shade frame that protects the display surface from off axis light and thereby minimizes the glare on the display surface and maximizes the visibility of the graphic display. 8. A signage system as recited in claim 1, wherein the system includes a light sensor to monitor daylight and control the operation time of the visual display. 9. A signage system as recited in claim 1, wherein the system includes a light sensor to monitor daylight and control the intensity of the visual display. 10. A signage system as recited in claim 1, wherein include a highly visible identification number that specifically identifies the visual display device and provides for efficient identification and programming of the device. 11. A signage system, comprising: a) a plurality of vehicles, each having a windshield, b) a plurality of signs, each having a visual display surface that is capable of forming illuminated graphic display on the visual display surface, each sign and being mounted for display adjacent the inside surface of the windshield of a vehicle, so that the visual display surface would be visible to observers in front of the vehicles, c) a plurality of message controllers, each adapted to determine the graphic display on a sign, and d) a message programming device adapted to instruct the message controllers concerning the graphic display that each message controller determines for each sign. 12. A signage system as recited in claim 11, wherein each display surface carries a matrix of highly energy efficient illumination devices that, when selectively illuminated, form the graphic display. 13. A signage system as recited in claim 12, wherein the illumination devices are light emitting diodes. 14. A signage system as recited in claim 11, wherein each vehicle includes a battery and a solar panel that provides electric power to the battery to power the sign. 15. A signage system as recited in claim 11, wherein each sign includes a suction cup for holding the sign to the inside of the windshield. 16. A signage system as recited in claim 11, wherein each message controller and the message programming device each include a wireless communication capability that allows the message programming device to communicate wirelessly with each message controller, and thereby program each message controller remotely. 17. A signage system as recited in claim 11, wherein each visual display surface of the sign includes a forwardly directed shade frame that protects the display surface from off axis light and thereby minimizes the glare on the display surface and maximizes the visibility of the graphic display. 18. A signage system as recited in claim 11, wherein the system includes a light sensor to monitor daylight and control the operation time of the visual display. 19. A signage system as recited in claim 11, wherein the system includes a light sensor to monitor daylight and control the intensity of the visual display. 20. A signage system as recited in claim 11, wherein each sign includes a highly visible identification number that specifically identifies the visual display device and provides for efficient identification and programming of the device. 21. A signage system as recited in claim 11, two of the signs are programmed with different graphic displays, the graphic displays are time coordinated so that the combined graphical display as a dynamic visual effect. 22. A signage system as recited in claim 21, two of the signs are programmed with different graphic displays, the graphic displays are time coordinated so that the combined graphical display as a dynamic visual effect of the graphic display a moving from one sign to the other. 23. A signage system as recited in claim 21, two of the signs are programmed with different graphic displays, the graphic displays are time coordinated so that the combined graphical display as a dynamic visual effect of the graphic display a moving from one sign to the other and back again. 24. A signage system as recited in claim 11, three of the signs are each programmed with different graphic displays, and the graphic displays are time coordinated so that the combined graphical display as a dynamic visual effect of the graphic display a moving from the first sign to the second sign, and then to the third sign. 