The mobile climbing robot (15) according to the invention comprises a central joint (3), by which a first leg (1) is connected to a second leg (2). In addition, the robot comprises a first foot (8) which is connected to the first leg (1) by way of a first foot joint for rotation (5) and a first foot joint for tilting (4). A second foot (9) is connected to the second leg (2) by way of a second foot joint for rotation (7) and a second foot joint for tilting (6). A mounting (11) for attaching an implement (10; 12) is disposed on the first foot (8).
Claims 1. A mobile climbing robot, comprising a central joint, by way of which a first leg is connected to a second leg, comprising a first foot which is connected to the first leg by way of a first foot joint for rotation and a first foot joint for tilting, comprising a second foot which is connected to the second leg by way of a second foot joint for rotation and a second foot joint for tilting, and comprising a mounting for attaching an implement disposed on a first foot. 2. The climbing robot according to claim 1, wherein the first leg and the second leg are offset laterally relative to one another. 3. The climbing robot according to claim 1, wherein the first and/or the second foot are equipped with a suction cup. 4. The climbing robot according to claim 1, wherein the first and/or the second foot are equipped with a magnet. 5. The climbing robot according to claim 1, wherein the first and/or the second foot are equipped with a claw. 6. The climbing robot according to claim 1, wherein the first and/or the second foot are equipped with a drilling device. 7. The climbing robot according to claim 1, wherein drives are provided for moving the legs and the feet, and wherein the drives are designed as electrical or hydraulic drives. 8. The climbing robot according to claim 1, wherein the implement is a cleaning device. 9. The use of the climbing robot according to claim 1, for cleaning an object. 10. The use of the climbing robot according to claim 9, wherein the object is a building, a bridge, a ship, or a solar installation. 11. A service system having a climbing robot according to claim 1, comprising a supply station for supplying the climbing robot, and comprising a windlass disposed on the object for lowering the supply station and securing the climbing robot. 12. The service system according to claim 11, wherein the supply station comprises a control unit for controlling the climbing robot. 13. The service station according to claim 11, wherein the supply station comprises a supply container for cleaning agent. 14. The service system according to claim 11, wherein the supply station comprises an energy source for the drive of the climbing robot. 15. The service system according to claim 11, comprising a camera disposed on the climbing robot, comprising a display screen for displaying the information delivered by the camera, and comprising a control unit for controlling the climbing robot. 