Disclosed are a system and methods of control signal generation of a solar panel orientation system with interference reduction using an infrared filter. In one embodiment, a solar panel orientation system includes a sensor that generates a control signal component when the sensor receives an ultraviolet part of a radiation signal. The system further includes an additional sensor coupled to the sensor that generates an additional control signal component when the additional sensor receives an additional ultraviolet part of the radiation signal. The control signal component and the additional control signal component each include one or more of a voltage and a current. In addition, the system includes an infrared filter that reduces an interference caused by an infrared part of the radiation signal.
Claims 1. A solar panel orientation system, comprising: a sensor that generates a control signal component when the sensor receives an ultraviolet part of a radiation signal; an additional sensor coupled to the sensor that generates an additional control signal component when the additional sensor receives an additional ultraviolet part of the radiation signal, wherein the control signal component and the additional control signal component are each comprised of at least one of a voltage and a current; and an infrared filter that reduces an interference caused by an infrared part of the radiation signal, wherein the interference is reduced when the infrared part of the radiation signal is diminished by the infrared filter before the radiation signal is received by the sensor and the additional sensor. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein a solar panel is oriented towards a source of the radiation signal until the combined control signal is reduced below a threshold limit, and wherein the threshold limit is reached when a mounting surface of the sensor and the additional sensor is substantially perpendicular to a source of the radiation signal. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the sensor and the additional sensor are each comprised of a light emitting diode. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the infrared filter is comprised of a polyurethane dome that includes a fish eye that expands the viewing angle of the sensor shielded by the infrared filter. 5. The system of claim 1, further comprising: an adjustment module that generates a motor signal based on a combined output of the control signal component and the additional control signal component, wherein the motor signal rotates a solar panel in a direction around an axis. 6. The system of claim 5, further comprising: a supplemental sensor; and a further sensor, wherein the supplemental sensor and the further sensor are coupled together, and wherein an additional combined output of the supplemental sensor and the further sensor provides the basis of an additional motor signal that rotates the solar panel in an additional direction around the axis. 7. The system of claim 6, further comprising: an additional sensor set comprised of four ultraviolet sensors used to rotate the solar panel around an additional axis to orient a solar panel towards a source of the radiation signal, wherein the additional axis is perpendicular to the axis, and wherein the sensor, the additional sensor, the supplemental sensor, and the further sensor are each attached to a mounting surface at a predetermined angle. 8. The system of claim 7, further comprising: a rearward sensor that receives an additional radiation signal that is directed towards a rear surface of a solar panel, wherein the rearward sensor is used to orient the solar panel towards an additional source of the additional radiation signal when the rearward sensor receives the part of the additional radiation signal. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the sensor, the additional sensor, the supplemental sensor, and the further sensor each detect ultraviolet radiation with wavelengths substantially between 390 nanometers and 400 nanometers, a sensor anode being coupled to an additional sensor cathode and a sensor cathode being connected to an additional sensor anode. 10. The system of claim 8, wherein the infrared filter is comprised of polyurethane that is between 2.0 and 3.0 millimeters in thickness. 11. The system of claim 8, further comprising: a vertical support of the solar panel orientation system; a horizontal support of the solar panel orientation system; a vertical axis motor enclosed within the vertical support; and a horizontal axis motor enclosed within the horizontal support. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the adjustment module is comprised of an H bridge comprised of two P channel mosfets and two N channel mosfets, wherein the H bridge rotates at least one of the horizontal axis motor and the vertical axis motor when at least one of the combined signal and the additional combined signal is received. 13. A method of a solar panel orientation system, comprising: reducing an interference caused by an infrared part of a radiation signal when the radiation signal is altered with an infrared filter before the radiation signal is received by a sensor and an additional sensor; generating a control signal component when the sensor receives an ultraviolet part of a radiation signal; forming an additional control signal component when an additional sensor receives an additional ultraviolet part of the radiation signal; and combining the control signal component and the additional control signal component to form a combined control signal. 14. The method of claim 13, further comprising: orienting a solar panel towards a source of the radiation signal until the combined control signal is reduced below a threshold limit. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the sensor and the additional sensor are each comprised of a light emitting diode. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the infrared filter is comprised of a polyurethane dome. 17. The method of claim 13, further comprising: operating a motor based on a combined output of the control signal component and the additional control signal component, wherein a solar panel is rotated in a direction around an axis based on the combined output. 18. The method of claim 17, further comprising: rotating the solar panel in an additional direction around the axis based on an additional combined output of a supplemental sensor and a further sensor. 19. A method of a solar panel orientation system, comprising: coupling a sensor and an additional sensor to a solar panel orientation system, wherein the sensor generates a control signal component when the sensor receives an ultraviolet part of a radiation signal, and wherein the additional sensor generates an additional control signal component when the additional sensor receives an additional ultraviolet part of the radiation signal, wherein the control signal component and the additional control signal component are each comprised of at least one of a voltage and a current; forming an infrared filter of the solar panel orientation system, wherein the infrared filter reduces an interference caused by an infrared part of the radiation signal, wherein the interference is reduced when the infrared part of the radiation signal is diminished by the infrared filter before the radiation signal is received by the sensor and the additional sensor, the infrared filter being comprised of polyurethane between 2.0 and 3.0 millimeters in thickness; placing an adjustment module in the solar panel orientation system, wherein the adjustment module generates a motor signal based on a combined output of the control signal component and the additional control signal component, and wherein the motor signal rotates a solar panel in a direction around an axis; and coupling a supplemental sensor and a further sensor to the solar panel orientation system, wherein the supplemental sensor and the further sensor are coupled, and wherein an additional combined output of the supplemental sensor and the further sensor provides the basis of an additional motor signal that rotates the solar panel in an additional direction around the axis. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising: placing an additional sensor set in the solar panel orientation system, wherein the additional sensor set is comprised of four ultraviolet sensors used to rotate the solar panel around an additional axis to orient a solar panel towards a source of the radiation signal, the additional axis being perpendicular to the axis, and wherein a solar panel is oriented towards a source of the radiation signal until the combined control signal is reduced below a threshold limit, the threshold limit being reached when a mounting surface of the sensor and the additional sensor is substantially perpendicular to a source of the radiation signal; and coupling a rearward sensor to the solar panel orientation system, wherein the rearward sensor receives an additional radiation signal that is directed towards a rear surface of a solar panel, the rearward sensor being used to orient the solar panel towards an additional source of the additional radiation signal when the rearward sensor receives the part of the additional radiation signal, and wherein the sensor, the additional sensor, the supplemental sensor, and the further sensor each detect ultraviolet radiation with wavelengths substantially between 390 nanometers and 400 nanometers. 