A securing device includes a cylindrical fitting with one open end and a hole in an endwall at the opposite end. The shank of a bolt extends through the hole and is threaded into a mounting hole, e.g., a standard VESA mounting hole on a television or monitor. A no-access cap fits over the head of the bolt, and a generally bar-shaped member used to secure the television or monitor passes through a hole or holes in the side of the fitting. The bar-shaped member prevents the no-access cap from being removed from the fitting, and the no-access cap blocks access to the bolt so that the fitting cannot be removed, thereby deterring theft of the television or monitor. Suitably, a kit is provided with at least one no-access cap and at least one bolt in each of a number of different sizes, e.g., standard VESA mounting sizes.
Claims 1. A securing device kit, comprising: a hollow, generally cylindrical fitting having an open end and an opposite end that has an endwall with a hole extending through it, wherein the generally cylindrical fitting has a sidewall with at least one hole extending through it; a generally disc-shaped no-access cap that is sized to fit within the generally cylindrical fitting; and a plurality of bolts of different sizes. 2. The securing device kit of claim 1, wherein the kit includes a plurality of generally cylindrical fittings; a no-access cap for each generally cylindrical fitting in the kit; and, for each generally cylindrical fitting in the kit, a plurality of bolts of different sizes. 3. The securing device kit of claim 1, further comprising a washer that is sized to fit within the generally cylindrical fitting and that is sized to prevent the bolt, of said plurality, having the smallest-diameter head from passing through it. 4. The securing device kit of claim 1, wherein each of the plurality of bolts screws into a standard VESA threaded mounting hole. 5. The securing device kit of claim 1, wherein the no-access cap has a concave or recessed major surface. 6. The securing device kit of claim 1, wherein the fitting is round cylindrical and the sidewall has a pair of holes extending through it on opposite sides thereof 7. A securing device, comprising: a hollow, generally cylindrical fitting having an open end and an opposite end that has an endwall with a hole extending through it, wherein the generally cylindrical fitting has a sidewall with at least one hole extending through it; at least one bolt with a head and a shank that is sized to fit through the hole in the endwall; and a generally disc-shaped no-access cap that is sized to fit within the generally cylindrical fitting so as to cover and block access to the head of the bolt; wherein the hole(s) in the fitting sidewall is/are positioned such that when the no-access cap is placed into the generally cylindrical fitting as far from the open end as possible, the hole(s) in the fitting sidewall will be located above the no-access cap, between the no-access cap and the open end of the cylindrical fitting; and wherein the no-access cap has a thickness that is sufficient to prevent it from being flipped about an axis once the no-access cap has been inserted into the generally cylindrical fitting. 8. The securing device of claim 7, wherein the bolt screws into a standard VESA threaded mounting hole. 9. The securing device of claim 7, wherein the no-access cap has a concave or recessed major surface. 10. The securing device of claim 7, wherein the fitting is round cylindrical and the sidewall has a pair of holes extending through it on opposite sides thereof 11. A securing device, comprising: a hollow, generally cylindrical fitting having an open end and an opposite end that has an endwall with a hole extending through it, wherein the generally cylindrical fitting has a sidewall with at least one hole extending through it; at least one bolt with a head and a shank that is sized to fit through the hole in the endwall; and a generally disc-shaped no-access cap that is sized to fit within the generally cylindrical fitting so as to cover and block access to the head of the bolt; wherein the hole(s) in the fitting sidewall is/are positioned such that when the no-access cap is placed into the generally cylindrical fitting as far as possible from the open end, the hole(s) in the fitting sidewall will be located above the no-access cap, between the no-access cap and the open end of the cylindrical fitting, and the hole(s) in the fitting sidewall will be close enough to the no-access cap that, when a generally bar-shaped member extends through the hole(s) in the fitting sidewall and into the interior of the cylindrical fitting, the bar-shaped member will prevent the no-access cap from being flipped about an axis. 12. The securing device of claim 11, wherein the bolt screws into a standard VESA threaded mounting hole. 13. The securing device of claim 11, wherein the no-access cap has a concave or recessed major surface. 14. The securing device of claim 11, wherein the fitting is round cylindrical and the sidewall has a pair of holes extending through it on opposite sides thereof 15. A method of securing a device having a threaded hole, comprising: using a bolt having a shank and a head, attaching a fitting to the device, wherein the fitting is hollow, generally cylindrical, and has an open end and an opposite end that has an endwall with a hole extending through it; wherein the fitting has a sidewall with at least one hole extending through it; and wherein the fitting is attached to the device by passing the shank of the bolt through the hole in the endwall, such that the shank extends outwardly from the fitting and the head is retained inside the fitting, and screwing the shank into the threaded hole; placing a no-access cap into the fitting so as to cover and block access to the head of the bolt; inserting a generally bar-shaped member through the hole in the sidewall such that the generally bar-shaped member extends into the interior of the fitting, between the no-access cap and the open end of the fitting, and prevents the no-access cap from being removed from the fitting; and using the generally bar-shaped member, securing the device to an immovable or immobile object. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the generally bar-shaped member is a cable. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the fitting sidewall has two holes extending through it, on opposite sides thereof, and the cable is passed through both holes in the fitting sidewall. 18. The method of claim 15, wherein the generally bar-shaped member is the shackle of a padlock and the shackle is passed through a link in a chain or a loop in the end of a cable and the chain or cable is attached to the immovable or immobile object. 19. The method of claim 15, wherein the fitting, the bolt, and the no-access cap are obtained in a kit and the bolt is selected from among a plurality of bolts of different sizes provided in the kit. 20. The method of claim 15, wherein the device is selected from the group consisting of a television, a monitor, and a solar panel. 