A sequential switching shunt regulator cell comprising: a power line (PL) for connecting a power source (SA) to a power bus (PB); a shunting (SSW) switch for shunting said power line; and driving means (DM) for opening or closing said shunting switch depending on an error signal (MEA) indicative of a voltage level of said power bus; characterized in that it also comprises: a non-redundant rectifier (D.sub.3) connected in series to said power line for disconnecting the power bus from the shunting switch when the latter is closed; and a fault detector (FD) for detecting a short-circuit fault condition of said non-redundant rectifier, and for opening the shunting switch in reply to said condition. Advantageously, the rectifier can be a synchronous rectifier. A solar power regulator comprising a plurality of solar arrays connected to a power bus through respective sequential switching shunt regulator cells of the kind described above.
Claims 1. A sequential switching shunt regulator cell comprising: a power line (PL) for connecting a power source to a power bus; a shunting switch (SSW) for shunting said power line; driving means (DM) for opening or closing said shunting switch depending on an error signal indicative of a voltage level of said power bus; characterized in that it also comprises: a non-redundant rectifier (D.sub.3) connected in series to said power line for disconnecting the power bus from the shunting switch when the latter is closed; and a fault detector (FD) for detecting a short-circuit fault condition of said non-redundant rectifier, and for opening the shunting switch in reply to said condition. 2. A sequential switching shunt regulator cell according to claim 1, further comprising a current limiter (CL) connected in series to the shunting switch. 3. A sequential switching shunt regulator cell according to claim 1, wherein said fault detector comprises means for detecting said short-circuit fault condition by monitoring the voltage levels of the power line (V.sub.D) and of an output signal (V.sub.B) of said driving means of the shunting switch. 4. A sequential switching shunt regulator cell according to claim 3, wherein said fault detector comprises means for detecting said short-circuit fault condition when the power line maintains a high voltage value during the whole duration of a switching cycle of the shunting switch. 5. A sequential switching shunt regulator cell according to claim 4, wherein said fault detector comprises means for: charging a capacitor (C.sub.2) when the power line voltage maintains a high value while said driving means are driving said shunting switch closed; discharging said capacitor at a first rate when the power line voltage takes a low value; discharging said capacitor at a second rate, slower than said first rate, when the power line voltage takes a high value while said driving means are driving said shunting switch open; and outputting a driving signal (Q) for opening the shunting switch when the voltage across said capacitor exceeds a preset threshold. 6. A sequential switching shunt regulator cell according to claim 3, wherein said fault detector comprises means for opening the shunting switch when the power line voltage maintains a high value for at least a preset time while said driving means are driving said shunting switch closed. 7. A sequential switching shunt regulator cell according to claim 2, wherein said fault detector comprises means for opening the shunting switch when said current limiter is activated, or when its activation time exceeds a preset threshold. 8. A sequential switching shunt regulator cell according to claim 1, wherein the fault detector is configured for generating, upon detection of said short-circuit fault, a driving signal which is applied to a set port (S) of a bistable cell (BC), one output (Q) of said bistable cell being connected to the driving means of the shunting switch in such a way that, when said output takes a predetermined value, said driving means drive the switch open independently from the voltage level of the power bus. 9. A sequential switching shunt regulator cell according to claim 8, further comprising means for resetting said bistable cell when the voltage level of the power bus exceeds a preset threshold. 10. A sequential switching shunt regulator cell according to claim 1, wherein said non-redundant rectifier is a synchronous rectifier (SR). 11. A solar power regulator comprising a plurality of solar arrays connected to a power bus through respective sequential switching shunt regulator cells according to any of the preceding claims. 