The monitoring and early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure provides an early predictor for high voltage insulator failure, allowing repairmen to either already be on site when a high voltage insulator fails in order to expedite repair time, or allowing repair and/or replacement of a faulty insulator before the failure actually occurs. The monitoring and early warning alarm system includes a housing adapted for mounting on a high-voltage power line in proximity to a high voltage insulator associated therewith. A temperature sensor, a contamination sensor, a humidity sensor, or combinations thereof are mounted on the housing and the measured ambient temperature, pollutant contamination and humidity are compared with pre-selected threshold values of temperature, humidity and pollutant contamination. A transceiver transmits an alarm signal when the measured ambient temperature, the measured humidity and/or the measured ambient pollutant contamination are greater than the respective pre-selected threshold values.
Claims 1. A monitoring and early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure, comprising: a housing adapted for mounting on a high-voltage power line in proximity to a high voltage insulator associated with the high-voltage power line; a temperature sensor mounted on the housing for measuring ambient temperature; a humidity sensor mounted on the housing for measuring ambient humidity; means for comparing the measured ambient temperature and the measured ambient humidity with pre-selected threshold values of temperature and humidity; and means for transmitting an alarm signal when the measured ambient temperature and the measured ambient humidity are greater than the pre-selected threshold values of temperature and humidity, respectively. 2. The monitoring and early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure as recited in claim 1, further comprising a contamination sensor mounted on the housing for measuring ambient pollutant contamination. 3. The monitoring and early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure as recited in claim 2, wherein the contamination sensor includes a dust sensor. 4. The monitoring and early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure as recited in claim 3, further comprising means for comparing the measured ambient pollutant contamination with a pre-selected threshold value of pollutant contamination. 5. The monitoring and early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure as recited in claim 1, further comprising at least one solar cell mounted on said housing for providing power to said early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure. 6. The monitoring and early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure as recited in claim 1, further comprising computer readable memory for storing the pre-selected threshold values of temperature and humidity, said means for comparing the measured ambient temperature and the measured ambient humidity with the pre-selected threshold values of temperature and humidity further comprising a controller in communication with the computer readable memory. 7. The monitoring and early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure as recited in claim 6, wherein said means for transmitting the alarm signal comprises a transceiver mounted on said housing, said transceiver being configured to transmit said alarm signal to an adjacent sensor node. 8. The monitoring and early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure as recited in claim 7, wherein said transceiver comprises means for transmitting said alarm signal to the adjacent sensor node by multi-hop relaying. 9. A monitoring and early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure, comprising: a housing adapted for mounting on a high-voltage power line in proximity to a high voltage insulator associated with the high-voltage power line; a temperature sensor mounted on the housing for measuring ambient temperature; a contamination sensor mounted on the housing for measuring ambient pollutant contamination; means for comparing the measured ambient temperature and the measured ambient pollutant contamination with pre-selected threshold values of temperature and pollutant contamination; and means for transmitting an alarm signal when the measured ambient temperature and the measured ambient pollutant contamination are greater than the pre-selected threshold values of temperature and pollutant contamination, respectively. 10. The monitoring and early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure as recited in claim 9, wherein the contamination sensor includes a dust sensor. 11. The monitoring and early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure as recited in claim 10, further comprising a humidity sensor mounted on said housing for measuring ambient humidity. 12. The monitoring and early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure as recited in claim 11, further comprising means for comparing the measured ambient humidity with a pre-selected threshold value of humidity. 13. The monitoring and early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure as recited in claim 9, further comprising at least one solar cell mounted on said housing for providing power to the early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure. 14. The monitoring and early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure as recited in claim 9, further comprising computer readable memory for storing the pre-selected threshold values of temperature and pollutant contamination, said means for comparing the measured ambient temperature and the measured ambient pollutant contamination with the pre-selected threshold values of temperature and pollutant contamination comprising a controller in communication with the computer readable memory. 15. The monitoring and early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure as recited in claim 14, wherein said means for transmitting the alarm signal comprises a transceiver mounted on said housing. 16. The monitoring and early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure as recited in claim 9, wherein said housing is configured to simulate a high voltage insulator. 17. A monitoring and early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure, comprising: a housing adapted for mounting on a high-voltage power line in proximity to a high voltage insulator associated with the high-voltage power line; a humidity sensor mounted on the housing for measuring ambient humidity; a contamination sensor mounted on the housing for measuring ambient pollutant contamination; means for comparing the measured ambient humidity and the measured ambient pollutant contamination with pre-selected threshold values of humidity and pollutant contamination; and means for transmitting an alarm signal when the measured ambient humidity and the measured ambient pollutant contamination are greater than the pre-selected threshold values of humidity and pollutant contamination, respectively. 18. The monitoring and early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure as recited in claim 17, wherein the contamination sensor includes a dust sensor. 19. The monitoring and early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure as recited in claim 18, further comprising a temperature sensor mounted on said housing for measuring ambient temperature. 20. The monitoring and early warning alarm system for high voltage insulator failure as recited in claim 19, further comprising means for comparing the measured ambient temperature with a pre-selected threshold value of temperature. 