A string includes direct current electrical generating modules electrically connected in series to form a first end and a remote second end. A power line is electrically connected to one DC EGM at the first end. A return line is electrically connected to another DC EGM at the remote second end. A first string protector is in the power line of the string, and a second SP is in the return line of the string at the remote second end. One of the first and second SPs includes a number of an over current protector, an arc fault protector, a reverse current protector and a ground fault protector. The other one of the first and second SPs includes a number of an over current protector, an arc fault protector, a reverse current protector, a ground fault protector, and a remotely controlled switch in series with the power or return lines.
Claims 1. A string comprising: a plurality of direct current electrical generating modules electrically connected in series to form a first end and a remote second end; a power line electrically connected to one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules at the first end; a return line electrically connected to another one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules at the remote second end; and a string protector in the power line of said string, said string protector comprising a number of an arc fault protector, a reverse current protector and a ground fault protector. 2. The string of claim 1 wherein said string protector is located at the first end with one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules. 3. The string of claim 1 wherein said string protector is structured to monitor or report current flowing in the power line of said string. 4. The string of claim 1 wherein said string protector further comprises an over current protector. 5. A string comprising: a plurality of direct current electrical generating modules electrically connected in series to form a first end and a remote second end; a power line electrically connected to one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules at the first end; a return line electrically connected to another one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules at the remote second end; and a string protector in the return line of said string at the remote second end, said string protector comprising a number of an over current protector, an arc fault protector, a reverse current protector and a ground fault protector. 6. The string of claim 5 wherein said string protector is structured to monitor or report current flowing in the return line of said string. 7. The string of claim 5 wherein said string protector is located at the remote second end with one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules. 8. The string of claim 5 wherein a diode is disposed in the power line at the first end of the string to block reverse current, back-feed current or current sourced from the first end toward the second end of the string. 9. A string comprising: a plurality of direct current electrical generating modules electrically connected in series to form a first end and a remote second end; a power line electrically connected to one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules at the first end; a return line electrically connected to another one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules at the remote second end; a first string protector in the power line of said string; and a second string protector in the return line of said string at the remote second end, wherein one of said first string protector and said second string protector comprises a number of an over current protector, an arc fault protector, a reverse current protector and a ground fault protector, and wherein the other one of said first string protector and said second string protector comprises a number of an over current protector, an arc fault protector, a reverse current protector, a ground fault protector, and a remotely controlled switch in series with the power line or the return line. 10. The string of claim 9 wherein said second string protector is disposed at the remote second end. 11. The string of claim 9 wherein at least one of said first string protector and said second string protector is structured to monitor or report current flowing in the power line or the return line of said string. 12. The string of claim 9 wherein said second string protector is located in a remote combiner box. 13. The string of claim 9 wherein one of said first string protector and said second string protector is powered from a main direct current bus of a first combiner box and a second combiner box, respectively. 14. The string of claim 9 wherein one of said first string protector and said second string protector is powered from a power supply external to a first combiner box and a second combiner box, respectively. 15. The string of claim 9 wherein the second string protector is operatively associated with said another one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules at the remote second end. 16. The string of claim 15 wherein the second string protector is powered by said another one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules at the remote second end. 17. The string of claim 16 wherein said one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules at the first end is a first direct current electrical generating module; wherein another one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules is a second direct current electrical generating module; wherein said another one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules at the remote second end is a third direct current electrical generating module; wherein said third direct current electrical generating module includes a first power terminal, and a second power terminal electrically connected to the return line; wherein said second direct current electrical generating module includes a first power terminal, and a second power terminal electrically connected to the first power terminal of said third direct current electrical generating module; and wherein said second string protector is powered by said third direct current electrical generating module. 18. The string of claim 17 wherein said second string protector is structured to interrupt at least one of the first power terminal and the second power terminal of said third direct current electrical generating module. 19. The string of claim 17 wherein said second string protector is structured to interrupt both of the first power terminal and the second power terminal of said third direct current electrical generating module. 20. The string of claim 9 wherein said second string protector is structured to isolate said another one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules from said string responsive to at least one of the over current protector, the arc fault protector, the reverse current protector and the ground fault protector. 21. The string of claim 20 wherein the second string protector is powered by said another one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules at the remote second end regardless whether said another one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules is isolated from said string. 22. The string of claim 20 wherein the second string protector is structured to measure current and voltage generated by said another one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules regardless whether said another one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules is isolated from said string. 23. The string of claim 9 wherein said first string protector and said second string protector are structured to trip open the power line and the return line, respectively, of said string; and wherein said first string protector and said second string protector are further structured to communicate between each other such that a trip by one of said first string protector and said second string protector causes a trip by the other one of said first string protector and said second string protector. 24. The string of claim 9 wherein one of said first string protector and said second string protector is structured to trip open the power line and the return line, respectively, of said string; wherein the other one of said first string protector and said second string protector comprises said remotely controlled switch; and wherein said first string protector and said second string protector are further structured to communicate between each other such that said trip causes said remotely controlled switch to trip open one of the power line and the return line, such that both of the power line and the return line are opened. 25. A string comprising: a plurality of direct current electrical generating modules electrically connected in series to form a first end and a remote second end; a power line electrically connected to one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules at the first end; a return line electrically connected to another one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules at the remote second end; a number of first protectors operatively associated with the power line of said string; and a plurality of second string protectors, each of said plurality of second string protectors being at a corresponding one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules, wherein each of said number of first protectors and said plurality of second string protectors comprises a number of an over current protector, an arc fault protector, a reverse current protector and a ground fault protector. 26. The string of claim 25 wherein said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules are photovoltaic electrical generating modules; and wherein said each of said plurality of second string protectors is structured to monitor photovoltaic electrical generating module current, voltage and illumination at the corresponding one of said photovoltaic electrical generating modules. 27. The string of claim 25 wherein said each of said plurality of second string protectors is structured to isolate the corresponding one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules from said string responsive to at least one of the over current protector, the arc fault protector, the reverse current protector and the ground fault protector. 28. The string of claim 27 wherein the corresponding one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules includes a junction box; and wherein one of said plurality of second string protectors is integral to said junction box. 29. The string of claim 27 wherein the corresponding one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules includes a junction box; and wherein one of said plurality of second string protectors is operatively associated with said junction box. 30. The string of claim 25 wherein said number of first protectors are selected from the group consisting of: a third string protector in the power line between one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules and a direct current power bus, a fourth protector in a main feed between said direct current power bus and an inverter, and a fifth string protector in a combiner box. 31. The string of claim 25 wherein each of said plurality of second string protectors is structured to communicate a status thereof to a remote location, which can determine a status of each of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules. 32. The string of claim 31 wherein a number of the number of first protectors operatively associated with the power line of said string is structured to communicate a status thereof to said remote location, which can further determine a status of said string. 33. A system comprising: a first combiner box; a second combiner box; a plurality of strings extending between said first combiner box and said second combiner box, each string of a plurality of said plurality of strings comprising: a plurality of direct current electrical generating modules electrically connected in series to form a first end and an opposite second end, a power line electrically connected to one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules at the first end, a return line electrically connected to another one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules at the opposite second end, a first string protector in the power line of said each string, and a second string protector in the return line of said each string at the opposite second end, wherein one of said first string protector and said second string protector comprises a number of an over current protector, an arc fault protector, a reverse current protector and a ground fault protector, and wherein the other one of said first string protector and said second string protector comprises a number of an over current protector, an arc fault protector, a reverse current protector, a ground fault protector and a remotely controlled switch in series with the power line or the return line, wherein, for a plurality of said plurality of strings, one of said first and second combiner boxes is located at the first end, wherein, for a plurality of said plurality of strings, the other one of said first and second combiner boxes is located at the opposite second end, wherein the power line of a plurality of said plurality of strings is located in the first combiner box, and wherein the return line of the last said plurality of said plurality of strings is located in the second combiner box. 34. The system of claim 33 wherein a plurality of the first string protector and the second string protector located in the first combiner box are powered from a direct current bus voltage within the first combiner box; and wherein a plurality of the first string protector and the second string protector located in the second combiner box are powered from said direct current bus voltage within the second combiner box. 35. A string comprising: a plurality of direct current electrical generating modules electrically connected in series to form a first end and a remote second end; a power line electrically connected to one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules at the first end; a return line electrically connected to another one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules at the remote second end; and a plurality of string protectors, each of a plurality of said plurality of string protectors being operatively associated with at least one of the power line, the return line at the remote second end and one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules, each of said plurality of said plurality of string protectors comprising a number of an over current protector, an arc fault protector, a reverse current protector and a ground fault protector, wherein one of said plurality of string protectors is structured to determine a normal state of said string and responsively transmit a signal, and wherein another one of said plurality of string protectors is structured to receive said signal and responsively maintain series electrical connection of a corresponding one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules with at least another one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules. 36. The string of claim 35 wherein said one of said plurality of string protectors is located adjacent said one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules at the first end; and wherein said another one of said plurality of string protectors is located adjacent said another one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules at the remote second end. 37. The string of claim 35 wherein said signal is selected from the group consisting of a wireless signal, a wired signal, and a power line carrier signal in a power conductor between a plurality of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules. 38. The string of claim 35 wherein said another one of said plurality of string protectors is structured, when not receiving said signal, to responsively isolate said corresponding one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules from at least said another one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules. 39. The string of claim 35 wherein a plurality of said plurality of string protectors are structured to determine a normal state of said string and responsively transmit a corresponding signal to others of said plurality of string protectors. 40. The string of claim 39 wherein each of said plurality of said plurality of string protectors are operatively associated with one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules, a combiner box or an inverter. 41. The string of claim 35 wherein said signal includes an active state corresponding to the normal state of said string and an inactive state corresponding to a fault state of said string; and wherein said another one of said plurality of string protectors is structured to receive said signal having the normal state and responsively maintain series electrical connection of the corresponding one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules with at least said another one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules, and is further structured upon not receiving said signal having the normal state to responsively electrically disconnect the corresponding one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules from at least said another one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules. 42. The string of claim 35 wherein said signal includes an active state corresponding to the normal state of said string and an inactive state corresponding to a fault state of said string; and wherein absence of said signal or attenuation of said signal indicates a fault of said string. 43. The string of claim 35 wherein a plurality of said plurality of string protectors are structured to employ said signal for a maintenance function. 44. The string of claim 43 wherein said maintenance function is selected from the group consisting of enabling a corresponding one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules or said plurality of string protectors, and disabling a corresponding one of said plurality of direct current electrical generating modules or said plurality of string protectors. 45. The string of claim 43 wherein said maintenance function is selected from the group consisting of enabling a corresponding combiner box or inverter, and disabling a corresponding combiner box or inverter. 46. The string of claim 35 wherein a plurality of said plurality of string protectors are structured to report a fault state of said string or health of said string to a remote location; and wherein said remote location is structured to determine fault location based on which of said plurality of said plurality of string protectors reported said fault state or did not report said heath. 