A photovoltaic efficiency estimator, comprising a photovoltaic cell covered by a sunlight-penetrable surface; an illuminator for artificially illuminating said surface; and a controller connected to said photovoltaic cell and to said illuminator, said controller being configured to measure an amount of voltage produced in said photovoltaic cell as a result of the artificial illumination by said illuminator, so as to estimate a decrease in the efficiency of said photovoltaic cell caused by dirt on said surface.
Claims 1. A solar panel with an embedded efficiency estimation capability, the solar panel comprising: a photovoltaic cell array; an illuminator for artificially illuminating a dirt-effectible surface of said solar panel; and an efficiency estimation module connected to said illuminator and to at least one cell of said photovoltaic cell array, said module being configured to estimate, based on an amount of artificial illumination received by said at least one cell, the efficiency of said solar panel due to dirt on said surface. 2. The solar panel according to claim 1, wherein said illuminator is positioned inside a housing of said solar panel. 3. The solar panel according to claim 1, wherein said illuminator is positioned external to a housing of said solar panel. 4. The solar panel according to claim 1, wherein said module is further configured to differentiate the artificial illumination from external light, thereby enabling efficiency estimation when external light is present. 5. The solar panel according to claim 4, wherein the differentiation is based on identifying voltage resulting from the artificial illumination and voltage resulting from the external light. 6. The solar panel according to claim 4, further comprising an electrical inverter configured to convert direct voltage (DC) from said solar panel to alternating voltage (AC) suitable for a power grid. 7. The solar panel according to claim 6, wherein said electrical inverter further comprises an interface module configured to receive efficiency information from said embedded efficiency estimation module. 8. The solar panel according to claim 7, wherein said interface module is further configured to receive, and said embedded efficiency estimation module is further configured to transmit, sunlight level information, to enable solar panel malfunction analysis. 9. The solar panel according to claim 1, wherein said at least one cell is of a same type as other cells of said photovoltaic cell array. 10. The solar panel according to claim 9, wherein the estimation by said efficiency estimation module is indifferent to a change in environmental temperature. 11. A photovoltaic efficiency estimator, comprising: a photovoltaic cell covered by a sunlight-penetrable surface; an illuminator for artificially illuminating said surface; and a controller connected to said photovoltaic cell and to said illuminator, said controller being configured to measure an amount of voltage produced in said photovoltaic cell as a result of the artificial illumination by said illuminator, so as to estimate a decrease in the efficiency of said photovoltaic cell caused by dirt on said surface. 12. The photovoltaic efficiency estimator according to claim 11, wherein said illuminator is positioned inside a casing of said estimator. 13. The photovoltaic efficiency estimator according to claim 11, wherein said illuminator is positioned external to a casing of said estimator. 14. The photovoltaic efficiency estimator according to claim 11, wherein said controller is further configured to differentiate the artificial illumination from external light, thereby enabling efficiency estimation when external light is present. 15. The photovoltaic efficiency estimator according to claim 14, wherein the differentiation is based on identifying voltage resulting from the artificial illumination and voltage resulting from the external light. 16. The photovoltaic efficiency estimator according to claim 14, further comprising an electrical inverter configured to convert direct voltage (DC) from said solar panel to alternating voltage (AC) suitable for a power grid. 17. The photovoltaic efficiency estimator according to claim 16, wherein said electrical inverter further comprises an interface module configured to receive efficiency information from said controller. 18. The photovoltaic efficiency estimator according to claim 17, wherein said interface module is further configured to receive, and said controller is further configured to transmit, sunlight level information, to enable solar panel malfunction analysis. 19. The photovoltaic efficiency estimator according to claim 11, further comprising a movable cover controllable by said controller, said movable cover being configured to block sunlight from reaching said at least one cell when said illuminator illuminates the sunlight-penetrable surface. 20. A method for calculating the effect of dirt on the efficiency of a solar panel, the method comprising: artificially illuminating a dirt-effectible surface of the solar panel; receiving, by a photovoltaic cell, at least some of the artificial illumination, respective to an amount of dirt present on the dirt-effectible surface; and calculating a ratio between the artificial illumination and the at least some of the artificial illumination received by the photovoltaic cell, to produce a value indicative of the effect of dirt on the efficiency of the solar panel. 