An exemplary non-isolated DC-DC converter for a solar power plant, can be adapted to connect to a full-bridge inverter. The converter includes positive and negative input terminals, and positive and negative output terminals. A plurality of switches, diodes, inductors and capacitors are connected in a circuit configuration to the input and output terminals. A control means is connected to the circuit for controlling the switching of a first, second, and third switch between an open and closed state.
Claims 1. A non-isolated DC-DC converter for a solar power plant, having: a positive input terminal; a negative input terminal; a positive output terminal; and a negative output terminal, for converting an input DC voltage present between the positive input terminal and the negative input terminal into a converted DC voltage present between the positive output terminal and the negative output terminal, the non-isolated DC-DC converter comprising: a first switch, a second switch, a third switch, a first diode, a second diode, a third diode, a first inductor and a first capacitor; wherein the first switch, the first inductor, and the second diode are connected in series between the positive input terminal and the positive output terminal such that the first inductor is connected between the first switch and an anode of the second diode, and a cathode of the second diode faces the positive output terminal, wherein the second switch and the third diode are connected in series between the negative input terminal and the negative output terminal such that a cathode of the third diode faces the second switch, and an anode of the third diode faces the negative output terminal, wherein a cathode of the first diode is connected between the first switch and the first inductor, and an anode of the first diode is connected between the second switch and the cathode of the third diode, wherein the third switch is connected between a point between the first inductor and the anode of the second diode, and a point between the second switch and the cathode of the third diode, and wherein the first capacitor is connected between the cathode of the second diode and the anode of the third diode. 2. The non-isolated DC-DC converter according to claim 1, wherein the non-isolated DC-DC converter further comprises: control means for selectively controlling each of the first switch, the second switch, and the third switch into a closed state or an open state. 3. The non-isolated DC-DC converter according to claim 2, wherein the control means is configured for providing: a first switching stage where the first switch, the second switch, and the third switch are in a closed state; a second switching stage where the first switch, the second switch, and the third switch are in a open state; and a converting operation by alternating between the first switching stage and the second switching stage. 4. The non-isolated DC-DC converter according to claim 3, wherein the first capacitor is adapted to be a floating capacitor such that during operation of the non-isolated DC-DC converter a current flowing between the positive input terminal and the negative input terminal flows in a path that avoids the first capacitor. 5. The non-isolated DC-DC converter according to claim 4, wherein in the second switching stage, the first inductor is conductively connected to the first capacitor and allows a current to flow between the first inductor and the first capacitor. 6. The non-isolated DC-DC converter according to claim 3, wherein the control means is configured for regulating, during the converting operation, the converted DC voltage 7. The non-isolated DC-DC converter according to claim 6, wherein the control means is configured for regulating the converted DC voltage according to equation u 1 = .tau. 1 .tau. 1 + .tau. 2 1 - .tau. 1 .tau. 1 + .tau. 2 u in , ##EQU00004## where u.sub.1 is the converted DC voltage, .tau..sub.1 is a duration of the first switching stage, .tau..sub.2 is a duration of the second switching stage, and u.sub.in is an input DC voltage present between the positive input terminal and the negative input terminal. 8. The non-isolated DC-DC converter according to claim 6, wherein the non-isolated DC-DC converter further comprises: an input voltage sensor that determines a magnitude of the input DC voltage, wherein the control means is communicatively connected to an input voltage sensor for receiving data relating to a magnitude of the input DC voltage, and the control means is configured for adjusting a ratio of the duration of the first switching stages to duration of the second switching stages responsive to the data relating to the magnitude of the input DC voltage. 9. An electronic power converter system comprising: a DC-DC converter adapted to supply an output DC voltage; and an inverter adapted to invert the output DC voltage supplied by the DC-DC converter, wherein the inverter is a full-bridge inverter, and the DC-DC converter is a non-isolated DC-DC converter according to claim 1. 10. A power plant comprising: a power supply having a positive supply terminal and a negative supply terminal, generates a direct current and, feeds the direct current out of the power supply via the positive and negative supply terminals; and an electronic power converter system according to claim 9, wherein the positive supply terminal of the power supply is connected to the positive input terminal of the non-isolated DC-DC converter, and the negative supply terminal of the power supply is connected to the negative input terminal of the non-isolated DC-DC converter. 11. The power plant according to claim 10, wherein the negative supply terminal of the power supply is grounded. 12. The power plant according to claim 10, wherein the power plant is a solar power plant, the power supply comprises photovoltaic cell means for converting solar energy into direct current. 13. The non-isolated DC-DC converter according to claim 4, wherein the control means can be configured for regulating, during the converting operation, the converted DC voltage by adjusting a ratio of duration of the first switching stages to duration of the second switching stages. 14. The non-isolated DC-DC converter according to claim 5, wherein the control means are configured for regulating, during the converting operation, the converted DC voltage by adjusting a ratio of duration of the first switching stages to a duration of the second switching stages. 15. The non-isolated DC-DC converter according to claim 13, wherein the non-isolated DC-DC converter further comprises: an input voltage sensor that determines a magnitude of the input DC voltage, the control means is communicatively connected to the input voltage sensor for receiving data relating to a magnitude of the input DC voltage, the control means is configured for adjusting the ratio of duration of the first switching stages to the duration of the second switching stages responsive to the data relating to the magnitude of the input DC voltage. 16. The non-isolated DC-DC converter according to claim 14, wherein the non-isolated DC-DC converter further comprises: an input voltage sensor that determines a magnitude of the input DC voltage, the control means being communicatively connected to the input voltage sensor for receiving data relating to a magnitude of the input DC voltage, the control means is configured for adjusting the ratio of duration of the first switching stages to the duration of the second switching stages responsive to the data relating to the magnitude of the input DC voltage. 