A solar tracking system for controlled movement of an array of solar panels and a method for installing the system is provided. The system includes an elongate drive shaft rotatable about a central axis and mechanically coupled to an array of solar panels which are rotatable about the drive shaft. A plurality of posts support the drive shaft along the length of the drive shaft, and a plurality of couplers couple the posts to the drive shaft in a manner that facilitates adjustment of the position and orientation of the couplers relative to the posts during installation of the system, and in a manner which minimizes the contact area between the couplers and the drive shaft to reduce the torque and power requirements of the system.
Claims 1. A solar tracking system for controlled movement of an array of solar panels, the system comprising: an elongate drive shaft having a central axis and extending along a length, said drive shaft rotatable about the central axis and mechanically coupled to the array of solar panels such that rotation of said drive shaft about said central axis causes rotation of said array of solar panels about said central axis; a plurality of posts extending upward from a mounting surface along respective longitudinal axes that are substantially vertical in orientation, said plurality of posts offset from one another along the length of said drive shaft for supporting said drive shaft, the longitudinal axis of each post having a fixed position and orientation relative to said mounting surface; and a plurality of couplers corresponding to said plurality of posts, a given coupler mechanically coupling a top portion of a corresponding post to the drive shaft while allowing rotation of the drive shaft, the given coupler configured to allow adjustment of position of the given coupler relative to the corresponding post along first and second orthogonal directions. 2. (canceled) 3. A solar tracking system according to claim 1, wherein: the first direction is along the longitudinal axis of the corresponding post and the second direction is transverse to the longitudinal direction of the corresponding post. 4. A solar tracking system according to claim 1, wherein: the given coupler further allows for adjustment of rotational orientation of the given coupler about the longitudinal axis of the corresponding post. 5. A solar tracking system according to claim 1, wherein: the given coupler includes a pair of coupling support members mounted to the corresponding post and offset from one another. 6. A solar tracking system according to claim 5, wherein: said pair of coupling support members comprise mounting plates each defining a plurality of slots that are aligned with corresponding slots in the corresponding post for facilitating mounting of said mounting plates to said corresponding post and adjustment of position of said coupling support members relative to said corresponding post. 7. A solar tracking system according to claim 1, wherein: said given coupler includes a bearing surface for supporting a portion of said drive shaft. 8. A solar tracking system according to claim 7, wherein: said bearing surface partially encircles the portion of said drive shaft with an opening sized to receive the portion of said drive shaft. 9. A solar tracking system according to claim 8, wherein: said bearing surface is C-shaped. 10. A solar tracking system according to claim 7, wherein: said bearing surface includes a first lower end disposed on one side of said drive shaft, and a second upper end disposed on an opposite side of said drive shaft, said first lower end disposed vertically lower than said second upper end relative to said mounting surface, said first lower end and said second upper end defining the opening for receiving said drive shaft. 11. A solar tracking system according to claim 1, wherein: said given coupler includes a bracket and a support member, said bracket mounted to said corresponding post, said support member configured to receive a portion of said drive shaft, wherein said support member is mounted to said bracket in a manner that allows for rotation of said support member relative said bracket and the corresponding post. 12. A solar tracking system according to claim 11, wherein: said support member includes a bearing surface that partially encircles a portion of said drive shaft with an opening sized to receive the portion of said drive shaft. 13. A solar tracking system according to claim 12, wherein: said bearing surface is C-shaped. 14. A solar tracking system according to claim 1, wherein: said drive shaft includes a plurality of rotatably coupled sections. 15. A solar tracking system according to claim 14, wherein: at least two rotatably coupled sections of said drive shaft are positioned in a non-linear configuration. 16. A solar tracking system according to claim 14, wherein: said drive shaft includes a plurality of shaft extensions disposed at opposite ends of said rotatably coupled sections, and said plurality of couplers interface to said shaft extensions to support said drive shaft. 17. A solar tracking system according to claim 16, wherein: said shaft extensions have a circular cross section. 18. A solar tracking system according to claim 16, wherein: said drive shaft includes a plurality of connector plates mounted to said shaft extensions, said connector plates matable to rotationally couple said rotatably coupled sections of said drive shaft. 19. A solar tracking system according to claim 18, wherein: said connector plates are rectangular. 20. A solar tracking system according to claim 14, wherein: said rotatably coupled sections have a non-circular cross-section. 21. A solar tracking system according to claim 14, wherein: said drive shaft includes a U-joint operably coupled to adjacent ends of a pair of rotatably coupled sections of said drive shaft for allowing articulation thereof. 22. A solar tracking system according to claim 1, wherein: said posts are disposed in a linear configuration. 23. A solar tracking system according to claim 1, wherein: said posts are I-beams or other post configurations. 24. A solar tracking system according to claim 1, further comprising: a motor operably coupled to said drive shaft for rotating said drive shaft. 25. A solar tracking system according to claim 1, further comprising: means for controlling said motor to selectively rotate said drive shaft. 26. A solar tracking system according to claim 25, further comprising: means for aligning the solar panels with a given sun location. 27. A method for installing a solar tracking system for controlled movement of an array of solar panels, comprising: securing a plurality of posts at fixed positions and orientations relative to a mounting surface, the posts extending upward from the mounting surface along respective longitudinal axes that are substantially vertical in orientation; providing an elongate drive shaft having a central axis, said drive shaft rotatable about the central axis and mechanically coupled to the array of solar panels during use such that rotation of said drive shaft about said central axis causes rotation of said array of solar panels about said central axis; for each given post of said plurality of posts, mounting a respective coupler to the given post and mating a portion of the drive shaft to the respective coupler, wherein the respective coupler mechanically couples a top portion of the given post to the drive shaft while allowing rotation of the drive shaft, and the respective coupler is configured to allow adjustment of position of the respective coupler relative to the corresponding post along first and second orthogonal directions. 28. A method according to claim 27, wherein: said drive shaft includes a plurality of rotatably coupled sections with an extension between adjacent sections to realize an end-to-end configuration, said extension mating to a respective coupler. 29. (canceled) 30. A method according to claim 27, wherein: the first direction is along the longitudinal axis of the corresponding post and the second direction is transverse to the longitudinal direction of the corresponding post. 31. A method according to claim 1, wherein: the respective coupler further allows for adjustment of rotational orientation of the respective coupler about the longitudinal axis of the corresponding post. 