The present invention discloses a portable health management device. The device includes a measuring element measuring a biological measurement for a user; a storage element storing a plurality of experience data associated with the biological measurement; an analysis module analyzing the biological measurement in real time based on the plurality of experience data so as to generate an analysis result, wherein the analysis result provides the user with a suggestion to improve the biological measurement so as to manage the user's health.
Claims 1. A portable health management device, said device comprising: a measuring element measuring a biological measurement for a user; a storage element storing a plurality of experience data associated with said biological measurement; an analysis module analyzing said biological measurement in real time based on said plurality of experience data so as to generate an analysis result; wherein said analysis result provides a suggestion to said user in real time to improve said biological measurement so as to manage said user's health. 2. The device of claim 1, further comprising a scheduling module placing said suggestion in a schedule so as to timely remind said user to execute said suggestion. 3. The device of claim 1, further comprising an input element inputting a target value to be a basis for said analysis module to analyze said biological measurement, wherein said analysis module generates said analysis result in real time when analyzing said biological measurement so as to provide said user with said suggestion to achieve said target value. 4. The device of claim 1, further comprising an encryption mechanism to perform encryption to said biological measurement. 5. The device of claim 1, further comprising a warning element selectively sending a warning signal based on said analysis result. 6. The device of claim 1, wherein said storage element stores said biological measurement. 7. The device of claim 1, wherein said storage element further comprises a removable memory storing a plurality of said biological measurements. 8. The device of claim 7, wherein said analysis module further performs an analysis on said plurality of said biological measurements to generate said analysis result. 9. The device of claim 1, wherein said analysis result includes a graph. 10. The device of claim 1, further comprising an output element outputting said analysis result. 11. The device of claim 10, wherein said output device outputs said analysis result in a form of voice, graph, text, data file or any combination thereof. 12. The device of claim 1, further comprising a user interface to control said device in voice or graphic form. 13. The device of claim 12, further comprising a force detection module controlling said user interface via a direction of force, wherein said force detection module asks said user to make a movement so as to determine a health condition of said user by a characteristic of said movement. 14. The device of claim 1, further comprising a network communication module to communicate with an external device or another person through a network. 15. The device of claim 1, further comprising a solar power supply element to extend a use time of said device by obtaining power through a light. 16. The device of claim 1, wherein said storage element further stores said analysis result. 17. The device of claim 1, further comprising a data transmission interface to transmit said biological measurement to an external device. 18. A health management terminal device, said device comprising: a measuring unit measuring a biological measurement for a user; a storage unit storing at least one monitoring condition associated with said biological measurement; a health management module analyzing said biological measurement in real time based on said at least one monitoring condition so as to generate a professional report, wherein said professional report provides a suggestion to said user in real time to improve said biological measurement so as to manage said user's health. 19. The device of claim 18, further comprising a data transmission interface to transmit and receive said biological measurement to and from an external device. 20. The device of claim 19, wherein said health management module analyzes said biological measurement in real time based on said at least one monitoring condition and through a plurality of biological measurements transmitted to said device through said data transmission interface so as to generate said professional report. 21. The device of claim 19, wherein said storage unit stores said plurality of biological measurements transmitted to said device through said data transmission interface. 22. The device of claim 18, wherein said storage unit stores said professional report. 23. The device of claim 18, further comprising a graphic processing device to process a graphic shown in said professional report. 24. The device of claim 18, further comprising an authentication mechanism to setup a plurality of user levels so as to provide different accesses to said device to users associated with different user levels. 25. The device of claim 18, further comprising an output unit outputting said professional report. 26. The device of claim 25, wherein said output unit outputs said professional report in a form of voice, graph, text, data file or any combination thereof. 27. The device of claim 18, further comprising a user interface to control said device in voice or graphic form. 28. The device of claim 18, further comprising a network communication module to communicate with an external device or another person through a network. 29. The device of claim 18, further comprising an input unit inputting said at least one monitoring condition, said suggestion or other data associated with said user. 30. A health management system, said system comprising: a server, said server comprising: a registration mechanism establishing an account for a user to enter said system; a database storing an integrated health data associated with said user; an analyzing mechanism analyzing said integrated health data in real time to generate an integrated health report, wherein said integrated health data integrates a plurality of biological measurements transmitted to said server from another device, and wherein said user enters said system using said account to access said integrated health data, said integrated health report or a combination thereof associated with said user. 31. The system of claim 30, wherein said server further comprises an authentication mechanism to authenticate a right to access said system by said user. 32. The system of claim 30, wherein said server further comprises a network communication interface to communicate with an external device or another person through a network. 33. The system of claim 30, wherein said another device can be a portable health management device to upload said plurality of biological measurements through said network communication interface. 34. The system of claim 30, wherein said another device can be a health management terminal device to upload said plurality of biological measurements through said network communication interface. 35. The system of claim 28, wherein said server further comprises a user interface allowing a user to access said integrated health data, said integrated health report or a combination thereof associated with said user. 36. The system of claim 35, wherein said user interface can be a web page allowing said user to remotely enter said system. 37. The system of claim 30, wherein said server further comprises a notification mechanism to notify said user of said integrated health report. 38. The system of claim 37, wherein said notification mechanism further comprises a warning notification service selectively sending out a warning notification based on a result shown said integrated health report. 39. The system of claim 37, wherein said notification mechanism further comprises a target notification service to send out a notification based on a target value set by said user. 40. The system of claim 30, wherein said database stores said plurality of biological measurements uploaded by said another device. 41. The system of claim 30, wherein said database stores said integrated health report. 42. The system of claim 30, wherein said server further comprises an input device inputting a target value for said user. 43. The system of claim 30, wherein said integrated health report provides said user a suggestion to achieve said target value. 44. The system of claim 30, wherein said integrated health report provides said user with a suggestion to improve said integrated health data. 45. The system of claim 30, wherein said server further comprises an output device outputting said integrated health report. 46. A health management system, said system comprising: a health management user-end device, said device comprising a measuring element measuring a biological measurement for a user; a network communication interface allowing said health management user-end device to upload a plurality of said biological measurements to a server, said server comprising: an analyzing mechanism analyzing said plurality of biological measurements in real time to generate an integrated health report; and a user interface allowing said user to access said integrated health report. 47. The system of claim 46, wherein said server further comprises a registration mechanism allowing said user to establish an account to enter said system. 48. The system of claim 46, wherein said server further comprises an output device outputting said integrated health report. 49. The system of claim 46, wherein said server further comprises an authentication mechanism to authenticate a right to access said system by said user. 50. The system of claim 46, wherein said health management user-end device is capable of uploading a plurality of short-term, mid-term, and/or long-term biological measurements through said network communication interface. 51. The system of claim 46, wherein said user interface includes a web page allowing said user to remotely enter said system. 52. The system of claim 46, wherein said server further comprises a notification mechanism to notify said user of said integrated health report. 53. The system of claim 52, wherein said notification mechanism further comprises a warning notification service to selectively send out a warning notification based on a result shown on said integrated health report. 54. The system of claim 52, wherein said notification mechanism further comprises a target notification service to send out a notification based on a target value set by said user. 55. The system of claim 46, wherein said server further comprises a database to store said plurality of biological measurements. 56. The system of claim 55, wherein said database stores said integrated health report. 57. The system of claim 46, further comprising an input device to input a target value for said user. 58. The system of claim 57, wherein said integrated health report provides said user with a suggestion to achieve said target value. 59. The system of claim 55, wherein said database integrates said plurality of biological measurements into integrated health data. 60. The system of claim 46, further comprising an output device to output said integrated health report. 61. A method for health management, said method comprising: measuring a biological measurement at a user end of a health management system; uploading said biological measurement to a remote end of said health management system through a network; integrating a plurality of said biological measurements into integrated health data at said remote end of said health management system; and analyzing said integrated health data in real time to generate an integrated health report. 62. The method of claim 61, further comprising using an account to enter said remote end of said health management system through a web page to access said integrated health report. 63. The method of claim 61, further comprising automatically notifying a user of said integrated health report. 64. The method of claim 61, further comprising selectively sending out a warning notification based on a result shown on said integrated health report. 65. The method of claim 61, further comprising sending out a notification based on a target value set by a user. 66. The method of claim 61, further comprising authenticating a right to access said remote end of said health management system by a user. 67. The method of claim 61, further comprising outputting said integrated health report. 68. The method of claim 61, further comprising storing said plurality of biological measurements in said remote end of said health management system. 69. The method of claim 61, further comprising storing said integrated health report in said remote health management system. 70. The method of claim 61, further comprising providing an analysis report at said user end of said health management system. 71. The method of claim 61, further comprising entering a target value as a basis for analyzing said integrated health data in real time. 72. The method of claim 71, further comprising performing real time analysis based on said target value and said integrated health data to generate said integrated health report, wherein said integrated health report provides said user with a suggestion to achieve said target value. 