The invention relates to an attachment system for the attachment of a solar panel. The attachment system comprises a support structure for supporting an underside of the panel. Furthermore, the attachment system comprises a pin-shaped attachment member which is connected to the support structure and, in use, extends along one of the edges of the panel and substantially at right angles to the panel. A clamping member which is coupled to the pin-shaped attachment members, in a fitted state, is situated over an edge region on the upper side of the panel and is clamped against the respective edge region by means of the pin-shaped attachment member in order to fasten the panel against the support structure. The clamping member, at least in the pre-fitting state, is rotatable with respect to the pin-shaped attachment member in a plane at right angles to the pin-shaped attachment member. The clamping member has a peripheral edge and is rotatable with respect to a panel to be fitted or fitted on the support structure into an inactive position in which that portion of the peripheral edge which is turned towards the respective panel is not situated over the edge region of the panel, so that fitting a panel on or removing a panel from the support structure is made possible.
Claims 1. Attachment system for the attachment of a solar panel, comprising a support structure for supporting an underside of the panel, a pin-shaped attachment member which is connected to the support structure and, in use, extends along one of the edges of the panel and substantially at right angles to the panel, as well as a clamping member which is coupled to the pin-shaped attachment member and, in a fitted state, is situated over an edge region on the upper side of the panel and is clamped against the respective edge region by means of the pin-shaped attachment member in order to fasten the panel against the support structure, wherein the clamping member has a peripheral edge, and in that the clamping member, at least in a pre-fitting state, is rotatable with respect to the pin-shaped attachment member in a plane at right angles to the pin-shaped attachment member, with the clamping member being rotatable with respect to a panel to be fitted or fitted on the support structure into an inactive position in which that portion of the peripheral edge which is turned towards the respective panel is not situated over the edge region of the panel, so that fitting a panel on or removing a panel from the support structure is made possible. 2. Attachment system according to claim 1, wherein said peripheral edge portion which, in the inactive position of the clamping member, does not extend over the edge region of the panel, is a straight edge portion. 3. Attachment system according to claim 2, wherein the peripheral edge is furthermore arch-shaped, preferably in the shape of an arc of a circle. 4. Attachment system according to claim 1, wherein the clamping member comprises a central bore through which the pin-shaped attachment member extends. 5. Attachment system according to claim 1, wherein a spacer is provided between the clamping member and the support structure, which spacer has a bore through which the pin-shaped attachment member extends. 6. Attachment system according to claim 5, wherein the spacer is integrally formed with the clamping member. 7. Attachment system according to claim 5, wherein the spacer is formed in the shape of a bush. 8. Attachment system according to claim 5, wherein the spacer has an axial length which is at least half the thickness of a panel to be attached and is not more than the thickness of the panel. 9. Attachment system according to claim 5, wherein the portion of the peripheral edge of the clamping member which, in the inactive position of the clamping member, does not extend over an edge region of a respective panel, is situated in the same plane as the corresponding side of the spacer. 10. Attachment system according to claim 1, wherein the clamping member is made from plastic. 11. Attachment system according to claim 5, wherein the clamping member and the spacer are integrally formed from plastic. 12. Attachment system according to claim 1, wherein the pin-shaped attachment member is provided with an external screw thread. 13. Attachment system according to claim 12, wherein the pin-shaped attachment member is in the form of a screw provided with a screw head, a bolt provided with a bolt head, or a threaded rod provided with a nut, in which the screw head, bolt head or nut engages with the side of the clamping member which is facing away from the support structure. 14. Attachment system according to claim 13, wherein the clamping member, on that side which is facing away from the support structure, is provided with an recess to accommodate a screw head, bolt head, nut or the like. 15. Attachment system according to claim 1, wherein the support structure comprises support profiled sections, wherein the pin-shaped members are connected to the support profiled section. 16. Attachment system according to claim 15, wherein the support profiled sections are designed as profiled-section rails of the type having a bottom, side walls which extend from the bottom and an upper side which is situated opposite the bottom and comprises two flanges, each of which extends inwards from a side wall and delimits a longitudinal slot. 17. Attachment system according to claim 16, wherein the pin-shaped attachment member is connected to the support profiled section by means of an attachment assembly comprising an elongate anchor part which, in one orientation parallel to the longitudinal slot of the support profiled section, fits through the longitudinal slot and, in one orientation transverse to the longitudinal slot, grips behind the flanges of the profiled section, and a bearing plate which, in use, is situated on the upper side of the flanges. 18. Attachment system according to claim 17, wherein the attachment assembly comprises a support which connects the anchor part and the bearing plate to one another. 19. Attachment system according to claim 18, wherein the support connects the anchor part and the bearing plate to one another in a resilient manner. 20. Attachment system according to claim 17, wherein the anchor part, at least in a pre-fitting state, is connected to the pin-shaped attachment member in a non-rotatable manner. 21. Attachment system according to claim 20, wherein the attachment assembly comprises a spring which is operational between the bearing plate and the pin-shaped attachment member, and in which the bearing plate and the anchor part can be moved away from one another counter to the spring force of the spring. 22. Attachment system according to claim 17, wherein the bearing plate is provided with a supporting member which is designed and fitted in such a manner that when the clamping member is clamped against the edge region of a solar panel by means of the pin-shaped attachment member, the supporting member supports the clamping member, or a part which is connected thereto, in such a manner that the clamping member cannot tilt away from said edge region. 23. Solar panel installation comprising an attachment system according to claim 1, as well as solar panels mounted on the attachment system. 24. Clamping member clearly intended for use with an attachment system according to claim 1. 25. Method for mounting several solar panels next to one another on a support structure, comprising the following method steps: at least three pin-shaped attachment members together with clamping members coupled thereto are arranged on the support structure at such a distance from one another that a solar panel can be fitted between each pair of clamping members, with each of the clamping members being rotatable with respect to the associated pin-shaped member about an axis of rotation which runs parallel to or coincides with the centre axis of the pin-shaped attachment member, wherein the clamping member has a peripheral edge, and wherein the clamping member can be moved to an inactive position by rotation; the clamping members associated with a first panel to be fitted are moved to an inactive position by rotation of the clamping member, in which position the portion of the peripheral edge of the respective clamping member which is turned towards the respective panel does not extend over the edge region of the panel; the first solar panel is fitted against the support structure between the associated attachment members, wherein opposite edges of the panel are situated against the pin-shaped attachment members or against spacers extending around the attachment members; the clamping members associated with the first panel are rotated from the inactive position to an active position in which they extend over the edge of the first panel and lock the first panel against the support structure, with the at least one clamping member, which is associated with the first panel and is also associated with a second panel to be fitted next to the first panel, being oriented in such a manner that it is in an inactive position with respect to the edge region of the second panel to be fitted; the at least one other clamping member associated with the second panel to be fitted is rotated in such a manner that it is moved into the inactive position with respect to the second panel; the second solar panel is fitted against the support structure between the associated attachment members, with opposite edges of the panel being situated against the pin-shaped attachment members or against spacers extending around the attachment members; the at least one clamping member associated both with the first and with the second panel is rotated into an active position in which it extends over the edge of the first and the second panel and locks the first and second panel against the support structure; the at least one other clamping member associated with the second panel is rotated into an active position in which it extends over the edge of the second panel and locks the second panel against the support structure. 