A solar heater comprises one or more portable panels for collecting heat from the sun and providing it to a space to be heated. The panels include collector plates within a double glazed frame. The collector plate is formed of black corrugated steel, and heats up quickly in the sun. A blower blows air into an input manifold and across the collector plate, perpendicular to the corrugations, and the heated air exits via an output manifold. A sensor controls when the blower operates.
Claims 1. An active solar heating panel comprising: a frame having sides, a top, and a bottom; backing attached at the bottom of the frame; glazing attached at the top of the frame; air holes formed in two sides of the frame; and a collector sheet attached between the backing and the glazing, the collector sheet positioned to divide the air holes. 2. The panel of claim 1 wherein the collector sheet is textured to increase turbulent air flow. 3. The panel of claim 2 wherein the collector sheet is corrugated. 4. The panel of claim 3 wherein the collector sheet corrugations run generally perpendicular to airflow through the panel. 5. The panel of claim 1 wherein the glazing comprises an upper acrylic glass layer and a lower silicate glass layer. 6. The panel of claim 5 wherein the sides include grooves holding the collector sheet and the glazing in place. 7. An active solar array comprising: detachable solar panels including-- a frame having sides, a top, and a bottom; backing attached at the bottom of the frame; glazing attached at the top of the frame; input air holes formed in one side of the frame and exit holes formed in another side of the frame; and a collector sheet attached between the backing and the glazing, the collector sheet positioned to divide the air holes, the collector sheet textured to increase turbulent airflow; wherein the input air holes of an input panel are positioned to form an input to the array, the exit air holes of an output panel are positioned to form an output to the array, and wherein the panels are arranged such that the exit air holes of each panel except the output panel are aligned to the input air holes of an adjacent panel. 8. The array of claim 7 further comprising a fan for providing input air to the input holes of the input panel. 9. The array of claim 8 further comprising a duct connected at the exit holes of the output panel for removing air from the array and providing it to a living space. 10. The array of claim 9 further comprising: a temperature monitor for measuring temperature near the exit holes of the output panel; and control circuitry for controlling the fan based upon the measured temperature near the exit holes of the output panel. 11. The array of claim 10 further comprising a living space thermometer for measuring the temperature within the living space and wherein the control circuitry further controls the fan based upon the temperature within the living space. 12. The array of claim 10 further comprising: a storage module containing material that stores heat; storage ducting to provide air from the exit holes of the output panel to the storage module; and a damper for selectively directing air to the storage module; wherein the control circuitry further controls the damper. 13. A method for providing heated air to a living space comprising the steps of: providing a first active solar panel including-- a frame having sides, a top, and a bottom; backing attached at the bottom of the frame; glazing attached at the top of the frame; input air holes formed in one side of the frame and exit air holes formed in another side of the frame; and a collector sheet attached between the backing and the glazing, the collector sheet positioned to divide the air holes; positioning the panel such that the sun shines through the glazing onto the collector sheet; providing airflow into the input air holes to flow over and under the collector sheet and exit the exit air holes; supplying air flow from the output air holes to the living space; monitoring air temperature near the exit air holes; and controlling the air flow provided according to the monitored temperature. 14. The method of claim 14 further comprising the step of: connecting a second active solar panel to the first such that the exit air holes of the first connect to the input air holes of the second. 15. The method of claim 13 further comprising the step of: providing air from the exit holes to a living space. 16. The method of claim 15 further comprising the step of measuring the temperature within a living space and also controlling the air flow based upon the temperature within the living space. 17. The method of claim 16 further comprising the steps of selectively directing air flow from the exit holes to a storage module and storing heat within the storage module. 18. The method of claim 17 further comprising the step of directing air flow from the storage module to the living space. 19. The method of claim 13, further including the step of corrugating the collector sheet. 