Methods and apparatus are presented for monitoring the deposition and/or post-deposition processing of semiconductor thin films using photoluminescence imaging. The photoluminescence images are analysed to determine one or more properties of the semiconductor film, and variations thereof across the film. These properties are used to infer information about the deposition process, which can then be used to adjust the deposition process conditions and the conditions of subsequent processing steps. The methods and apparatus have particular application to thin film-based solar cells.
Claims 1. A method of monitoring a thin film deposition process, said method comprising the steps of: (a) illuminating with a predetermined illumination an area of a semiconductor thin film grown or being grown by said deposition process, to produce photoluminescence from said thin film; (b) capturing an image of said photoluminescence; (c) processing said image to determine one or more properties of said thin film; and (d) using said one or more properties to infer information about said deposition process. 2. A method as claimed in claim 1 wherein said method is performed while said thin film is being grown by said deposition process. 3. A method as claimed in claim 2 wherein said deposition process occurs within a chamber, said thin film is illuminated through a window of said chamber transparent to said predetermined illumination, and said image is captured through a window of said chamber transparent to said photoluminescence. 4. A method as claimed in claim 1 wherein steps (a) and (b) are repeated to generate a photoluminescence image of a larger area of said thin film. 5. A method as claimed in claim 1 wherein said method is utilised to determine the spatial variation of at least one of the following properties: absorber layer quality; minority carrier lifetime; homogeneity of layer composition in compound materials; impurity concentration; concentration of electrical defects; and concentration of structural defects. 6. A method as claimed in claim 1 wherein said method is utilised to monitor the production of thin film-based photovoltaic cells or modules. 7. A method as claimed in claim 6 wherein said method is utilised to monitor at least one of: minority carrier lifetime variations; local voltage variations upon illumination; local shunted areas or shunted individual cells in an interconnected module; or series resistance problems in a cell or module. 8. A method as claimed in claim 1 wherein said method further comprises the step of (e) utilising the information determined in step (d) to adjust said thin film deposition process. 9. A method as claimed in claim 8 wherein step (e) includes at least one of: removal of thin film samples; adjustment of a processing condition; or detection of a hardware fault in the deposition process. 10. A method as claimed in claim 1 wherein said method further comprises the step of (f) utilising the information determined in step (d) to adjust or control post-deposition processing of said thin film. 11. A method as claimed in claim 10 wherein said post-deposition processing includes annealing, hydrogenation, diffusion, laser isolation of a defective area, metallisation, module interconnection, or reprocessing of the thin film. 12. A method as claimed in claim 1 wherein said photoluminescence includes the band-to-band luminescence of said semiconductor thin film. 13. A method as claimed in claim 1 wherein said photoluminescence includes luminescence emitted by impurities and defects in said semiconductor thin film. 14. An apparatus when used to implement the method of claim 1. 15. A method of monitoring a partially or fully completed semiconductor thin film photovoltaic cell or module, said method comprising the steps of: (a) illuminating with a predetermined illumination an area of said semiconductor thin film photovoltaic cell or module, to produce photoluminescence from said cell or module; (b) capturing an image of said photoluminescence; (c) processing said image to determine one or more properties of said cell or module; and (d) using said one or more properties to infer information about cell or module. 16. A method as claimed in claim 15, wherein said information includes the spatial variation of at least one of the following properties: absorber layer quality; minority carrier lifetime; homogeneity of layer composition in compound materials; impurity concentration; concentration of electrical defects; and concentration of structural defects. 17. A method as claimed in claim 15, wherein said information includes local voltage variations upon illumination; local shunted areas or shunted individual cells in an interconnected module; or series resistance problems in a cell or module. 18. A method as claimed in claim 15, wherein said method further comprises the step of (e) utilising the information determined in step (d) to adjust the process used to deposit the thin film in said semiconductor thin film photovoltaic cell or module. 19. A method as claimed in claim 18 wherein step (e) includes at least one of: removal of thin film samples; adjustment of a processing condition; or detection of a hardware fault in the deposition process. 20. A method as claimed in claim 15 wherein said method further comprises the step of (f) utilising the information determined in step (d) to adjust or control further processing of said semiconductor thin film photovoltaic cell or module. 21. A method as claimed in claim 20 wherein said further processing includes annealing, hydrogenation, diffusion, laser isolation of a defective area, metallisation, module interconnection, or reprocessing of the thin film. 22. A method as claimed in claim 15, wherein said method further includes the step of (g) predicting the performance of a finished semiconductor thin film photovoltaic cell or module. 23. An apparatus when used to implement the method of claim 15. 