The present invention discloses sections of highway traffic infrastructures, including multipurpose structures, for best combining renewable energy and traffic assistance systems along the highway. According to a first innovative aspect, the distribution of structures accounts for aspects such as driving comfort, (urban) landscape integration and adjustment to energy demand and traffic circulation conditions. According to a complimentary innovative aspect, ample elevated constructions, as required by solar and wind energy systems, combine with certain dimensional dispositions, as required by different traffic assistance means, in view of enhanced energy distribution and traffic safety.
Claims 1. Multipurpose structure (10) installed in a section (b1) of length (h) of a traffic infrastructure (A), comprising at least two side elements (1a, 1b, . . . ) disposed successively in at least a sideway (a1, a2) and/or a circulation dividing area (a3, . . . ) along the longitudinal direction (x) of said TI (A), and respective means for installing said side elements (1a, 1b, . . . ), characterized in that at least some of said side elements (1a, . . . ) carry at least one lighting array (30a), and in that at least some of said side elements (1b, . . . ) directly or indirectly, individually or collectively support and/or suspend and/or tension at least one top element (2a, . . . ) adding to a total width (b), at a height (a) above said TI (A), and in that said, at least one, top element (2a, . . . ) directly or indirectly supports and/or suspends, and/or integrates, and/or is itself at least one PV array (50a, . . . ), and in that at least two consecutive said side elements (1a, 1b, . . . ), or two consecutive respective side elements (1a, 1a', . . . ) are disposed at a relatively close distance (c) from each other, as measured along a respective sideway (a1, a2) and/or circulation dividing area (a3) of said TI (A). 2. Multipurpose structure (10) according to claim 1, characterized in that the height (a) is in the range of ca. 4 m-20 m, preferentially ca. 5-12 m, more preferentially ca. 6-8 m, in that the width (b) corresponds to at least 50%, preferentially at least 75%, more preferentially at least 90%, of the total width between the sideways (a1, a2), or between one of the sideways and a dividing area (a3) of said section (b1), and in that the distance (c) between two consecutive side elements (1a, 1b, . . . ), or two consecutive respective side elements (1a, 1a', . . . ), is of ca. 2-500 m, preferentially of ca. 5-100 m, more preferentially of about ca. 10-50 m. 3. Multipurpose structure (10) according to claim 1, characterized in that said distance (c) is preferentially selected, at least approximately, as a divisor or multiple of the total width between the sideways (a1, a2), or between one of the sideways and a dividing area (a3) of said section (b1). 4. Multipurpose structure (10) according to claim 1, characterized in that said side elements (1a, 1b) are installed successively in sets of one along at least one sideway (a1, a2) and/or a dividing area (a3), and/or in respective sets of at least two thereof, disposed in direct opposition across the sideways (a1, a2), and/or a dividing area (a3), and/or in respective sets of at least one thereof, disposed in alternated positions across the sideways (a1, a2), and/or a dividing area (a3). 5. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that said side elements (1a, 1b, . . . ) are designed as a single-piece, or present several individual construction elements. 6. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that said side elements (1a, 1b, . . . ) are of similar, preferentially of different heights, and/or cross-section, and/or overall configuration, whereby at least one dimension is preferentially much bigger than the other two. 7. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that said side elements (1a, 1b, . . . ) have a solid cross-section, more preferentially, a hollow cross-section, as an open profile of U shape, I shape, X shape, H shape, L shape or similar, preferentially cable-like, chain-like, tube-like, beam-like, frame-like, perforated or continuous surface format, or any other shape, format and surface finishing, of substantially regular or irregular, rectangular, circular, oval shape, or any other shape. 8. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that said side elements (1a, 1b, . . . ) are made of any usual construction materials such as concrete compositions or similar, steel or steel alloy, other metals and metallic alloys, wood or wood laminates, synthetic materials such as polymer composites, carbon fiber, composite materials, materials with special micro- or nano-structures, or any other having similar or higher structural resistance, durability and longevity parameters. 9. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claims, characterized in that said side elements (1a, 1b, . . . ) are substantially opaque, light reflecting or translucent. 10. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that at least some side elements (1b) include a telescopic array (3a) or a sliding device (3b) that allows raising or lowering a top element (2a, . . . ) connected to it, and/or a knee-like support (3c) allowing to rotate their base, and/or a moving device (3d) to move them along said TI (A). 11. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that at least some said side elements (1a, 1b) support area elements (6a), disposed along said TI (A) and substantially perpendicularly to its pavement, including at least one lighting array (30a, . . . ) and/or a heating element (20a, . . . ) and/or presenting light shading and/or sound absorbing and/or carbon dioxide absorption properties. 12. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that at least some said side elements (1a, 1b, . . . ) include or may be fitted with a stairs device, and respective security access means for an authorized person to access the, at least one, top element (2a, . . . ). 13. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that at least some of said side elements (1a, 1b, . . . ) individually or jointly carry at least one lighting array (30a, . . . ), preferentially disposed at least at a traffic circulation level and substantially oriented towards a respective circulation area of the TI (A). 14. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that at least some of said side elements (1a, 1b, . . . ) support a wind energy array (60a). 15. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that at least some of said side elements (1a, 1b, . . . ) include at least one weather condition array (70a, . . . ) and/or at least one traffic flow array (80a, . . . ), preferentially disposed at a traffic circulation level. 16. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that said top elements (2a, . . . ) have a length (d) in the range of ca. 4-40 m, preferentially 5-20 m, more preferentially 6-10 m, and a width (e) in the range of ca. 1-4 m, preferentially 1-3 m, more preferentially 1-2 m, and that these dimensions are preferentially much bigger than its height. 17. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that said length (d) is a multiple of the width (e), and the latter is preferentially a divisor or multiple of the distance (c). 18. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that at least 30%, preferentially at least 50%, more preferentially at least 70% of the overall area defined by each said top element (2a, . . . ) is open. 19. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that said top elements (2a, . . . ) are substantially flat and rigid, such as plate-like, or flexible, such as membrane-like or fabric-like, and are made of one piece, or of several, preferentially similar, individual pieces, eventually provided with interlocking means along at least one side, preferentially all sides thereof. 20. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that said top elements (2a, . . . ) have a substantially rectangular, or L shape, or C shape, or I shape, and cable-like, chain-like, tube-like, beam-like, frame-like or similar format, a perforated or continuous surface, or any other shape, format and surface finishing, and a substantially linear or curved extension along at least one of its two bigger dimensions. 21. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that at least some of said top elements (2a, . . . ) are collectively or individually mounted so as to be pivotally rotated, preferentially by means of automatically controlled driving means, around a longitudinal axis thereof. 22. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that at least one of said top elements (2a, . . . ) corresponds to, or has installed thereupon in a removable fashion, at least one walkway element (4a), preferentially provided with respective safeguard (4b), allowing safe access by at least one person to each PV array (50a, . . . ) installed in said top element (2a, . . . ). 23. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that at least some of said top elements (2a, . . . ) include at least one array support (5b) with pivotal bearings (5c) that carry a support shaft (5d) preferentially disposed along the length (d) and allowing it to be rotated by at least 90.degree. in both directions, preferentially by 180.degree. in both directions, more preferentially by 360.degree. in one direction. 24. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that said support shaft (5d) includes individual supports (5e) for each PV device (501a, . . . ) which include a rotating support (5f) that allows rotating each respective PV device by at least 90.degree. in both directions along a plane that is orthogonal to that of the pivotal bearings (5c). 25. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that at least one of said top elements (2a, . . . ) directly or indirectly supports, suspends or integrates at least one lighting array (40a, . . . ) on the inferior side, facing said TI (A). 26. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that at least one of said top elements (2a, . . . ) directly or indirectly supports, suspends or itself integrates at least one traffic flow array (81a, . . . ), preferentially disposed on the inferior side, vertically aligned with a respective circulation lane of said TI (A). 27. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that at least one of said top elements (2a, . . . ) suspends from its inferior side, at least one area element (6a) of thin format, preferentially presenting a substantially convex or wing-like cross-section and including at least one lighting array (40a, . . . ), and/or a heating element (20a, . . . ), and/or presenting sound absorbing and/or carbon dioxide absorption properties. 28. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that said top elements (2a, . . . ) are made of light materials, such as metals or special light metal alloys, wood or wood laminates, synthetic materials such as polymer composites, carbon fiber, composite materials, materials with special micro- or nano-structures, specially engineered membranes and fabrics, or any other material presenting similar or higher structural resistance to weight ratios, durability and longevity parameters. 29. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that said top elements (2a, . . . ) are substantially opaque, preferentially translucent and/or its upper surface has a light color or light reflecting finishing. 30. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that said top elements (2a, . . . ) are substantially pre-assembled in a remote location and assembled together on location. 31. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that at least one of said top elements (2a, . . . ) carries at least one weather condition array (70a). 32. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that said, at least one, PV array (50a, . . . ) comprises, at least one, PV device (501a, . . . ) of any format, shape, dimensions or photovoltaic technology. 33. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that each PV array (50a, . . . ) presents a row-like arrangement, disposed substantially along the longitudinal (x) or the cross direction (y) of said TI (A). 34. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that each PV array (50a, . . . ) is disposed at a fixed tilt and orientation, preferentially includes single-axis, more preferentially double-axis Sun tracking means, preferentially automatically controlled and preferentially mechanically driven. 35. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claims, characterized in that the PV arrays (50a, . . . ) on a structure (10a), preferentially on several structures (10a, . . . ), are individually, preferentially jointly, controlled by a dedicated control system (Sn.sub.solar) including at least one preferentially programmable automatic control device and a, preferentially wireless, communication device. 36. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that each lighting array (30a, . . . , 40a, . . . ) is a passive and/or active signaling and/or lighting assembly, including at least one light reflecting and/or active lighting device (301a, . . . , 401a, . . . ), and each disposition level of lighting arrays (30a, 31a, . . . , 40a) preferentially presents a different format and/or functions and/or operation modes. 37. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that said lighting devices (301a, . . . , 401a, . . . ) are based on LED technology, or analogous technology of similar or higher energy efficiency. 38. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that the lighting arrays disposed in side elements (30a, 31a, . . . ) and/or in top elements (40a, 41a, . . . ) present a configuration in each case similar, preferentially different. 39. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that the lighting arrays disposed in side elements (30a, 31a, . . . ) and/or in top elements (40a, 41a, . . . ) operate in each case in the same, preferentially in different lighting and/or signaling modes, thereby generating lighting of similar, preferentially different, color and/or intensity, and/or at similar, preferentially different frequencies, and/or on/off time sequences. 40. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that said lighting arrays (30a, 40a) present a substantially rectangular or circular format, and a preferentially flat construction. 41. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that each of said lighting arrays (30a, 30b), and/or each disposition level thereof (30a, 40a, . . . ), is directly controlled by a dedicated control system (Sn.sub.light) that includes a, preferentially programmable, automatic control device and a, preferentially wireless, communication device. 42. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that said, at least one, wind energy array (60a, . . . ) includes at least one, preferentially several wind energy devices (601a, . . . ), preferentially based on vertical axis wind turbine technology and installed upon a common rotating shaft, whereby the later is connected to a respective array power alternator. 43. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that the wind energy arrays (60a) on a structure (10a), preferentially on several said structures (10a, . . . ), are individually, preferentially jointly controlled by a dedicated control system (Sn.sub.wind) that includes at least one, preferentially programmable, automatic control device and a, preferentially wireless, communication device. 44. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that said, at least one, weather condition array (70a) includes at least one sensor for at least one parameter relating to prevailing weather conditions, such as dry-bulb air temperature, relative humidity, solar radiation components, wind speed, rain or snow precipitation conditions, and at least one, preferentially wireless, communication device. 45. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that said, at least one, traffic flow array (80a) includes at least one device for, preferentially short range, remote determination of at least one parameter relating to traffic flow conditions, such as the number, type, circulating speed and/or flow rate of vehicles circulating in individual or groups of lanes within each traffic direction of said TI (A), and at least one, preferentially wireless, communication device. 46. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that at least one power storage array (90a, . . . ), each including at least one power storage device, is associated with each said structure (10a, . . . ), or group thereof. 47. Multipurpose structure (10) according to any previous claim, characterized in that at least part of the total power generated in each said structure (10a, . . . ) is supplied to a power grid by means of power lines, disposed along one (a1) and/or both sideways (a2) and/or circulation dividing areas (a3, . . . ) of said TI (A). 48. Section (b1) of length (h) of a traffic infrastructure (A), comprising at least one, preferentially several structures (10a, . . . ) according to any of the claims 1-47, installed successively along the longitudinal direction (x) of said section (b1), characterized in that any successive structures (10a, 10b, . . . ) are installed at distances (g.sub.1, . . . ) apart from each other that are, at least approximately, multiples or divisors of the distance (c) between side elements (1a, 1b) and/or (1a, 1a'). 49. Section (b1) according to claim 48, characterized in that at least two successive structures (10a, 10b, . . . ) are installed directly adjacent to each other, preferentially thereby sharing at least one side element (1b), thus forming continuous groups thereof. 50. Section (b1) according to claim 48, characterized in that the total length (f1, . . . ) of the, at least one, structure (10a) or continuous groups thereof, adds up to at least 20%, preferentially at least 30%, more preferentially at least 40%, of the total length (h) of said section (b1), and/or to at most 90%, preferentially at most 80%, more preferentially at most 70% of the total length (h). 51. Section (b1) according to any of the claims 48-50, characterized in that the total lengths (f.sub.1, f.sub.2, . . . ) of successive structures (10a, 10b), and/or of continuous groups thereof, and/or respective distances apart (g.sub.1, g.sub.2, . . . ), are defined as a function of the general topography, visibility conditions, road design, traffic typology, and/or of the recommended, or allowed, maximum driving speed and/or other traffic condition for a given length ahead. 52. Section (b1) according to any of the claims 48-51, characterized in that the total lengths (f.sub.1, f.sub.2, . . . ) of successive structures (10a, 10b, . . . ), or of continuous groups thereof, and/or respective distances apart (g.sub.1, . . . ), follow a constantly regular and/or varying regular and/or random distribution along the length (h). 53. Section (b1) according to any of the claims 48-52, characterized in that the distance (g.sub.1) between two successive structures (10a, 10b), or continuous groups thereof, is similar to the length (f.sub.1) of the first (10a) and/or to the length (f.sub.2) of the second (10b), or of respective continuous groups thereof. 54. Section (b1) according to any of the claims 48-53, characterized in that along said distances (g.sub.1, . . . ) there are road-side elements (7a) disposed at regularly constant and/or varying intervals, preferentially at least approximately equivalent to the distance (c), or to a divisor or multiple thereof. 55. Section (b1) according to any of the claims 48-54, characterized in that said road-side elements (7a) have a substantially similar configuration as that of at least some of the side elements (1a and/or 1b) and/or present at least one lighting array (30a), preferentially similar as those in the latter, and/or carry at least one traffic flow array (80a). 56. Section (b1) according to any of the claims 48-55, characterized in that at least one, preferentially several weather condition arrays (70a), and/or at least one, preferentially several traffic flow arrays (80a), and/or power delivery stations (Pn, . . . ) and/or local control stations (Ln, . . . ), are placed, preferentially at respective regular intervals, along section (b1), in at least some of said structures (10a, . . . ) and/or said road-side elements (7a). 57. Section (b1) according to any of the claims 48-56, characterized in that said power delivery stations (Pn, . . . ) are disposed along the central divisor (a3), preferentially along both sideways (a1, a2), more preferentially along one of the sideways (a1) of said TI (A), and include power voltage handling devices and/or power storage arrays (90a, . . . ). 58. Method for managing the operation of at least one section (b1, . . . ) of a TI (A) according to any of the claims 48-57, comprising one process (E) for optimizing the power generation, handling and distribution conditions along each said section (b1, . . . ), and/or one process (T) for optimizing the active traffic assistance conditions along each said section (b1, . . . ), characterized in that each said process (E, T) is carried out by, preferentially programmable, automatic monitoring and control means (Sn.sub.system) specific of one, preferentially of one respective set of, lighting arrays (30a, 40a) and/or PV arrays (50a, . . . ) and/or wind energy arrays (60a, . . . ) and/or weather condition arrays (70a, . . . ) and/or traffic flow arrays (80a, . . . ), and/or of the, at least one, power delivery station (Pn) and/or of the, at least one, local control station (Ln) and/or of the remote station (C). 59. Method according to claim 58, characterized in that as part of said process (E), each PV array (50a, . . . ) and/or wind energy array (60a, . . . ), preferentially a respective group thereof, is controlled by respective control means (Sn.sub.solar, Sn.sub.wind), and/or, preferentially wirelessly, by a respective power delivery station (Pn) and/or by a local control station (Ln) and/or by a remote station (C). 60. Method according to claim 58, characterized in that as part of said process (T), each lighting array (30a, . . . , 40a, . . . ), preferentially a respective group thereof, is controlled by respective control means (Sn.sub.light) and/or, preferentially wirelessly, by a respective local control station (Ln) and/or by a remote station (C). 61. Method according to claim 58, characterized in that each of said processes (E, T) includes other, respectively relevant monitoring sources, such as power grid management systems (E), regional weather (E, T) and traffic monitoring (T) and vehicle communication systems (T). 62. Method according to any of the claims 58-61, characterized in that said process (E) includes a function of the local time of the day and day of the year, and/or a periodical condition assessment and/or value measurement of a pre-defined set of weather and power generation, handling and distribution related parameters and/or variables, evaluation of said conditions and/or values, as referred to the PV arrays (50a, . . . ) and/or wind energy arrays (60, . . . ) installed in a respective structures (10a, . . . ), or set thereof, and/or to respective power delivery stations (Pn), and control of respective operation accordingly. 63. Method according to any of the claims 58-62, characterized in that said process (T) includes a function of the local time of the day and day of the year, and/or a periodical condition assessment and/or value measurement of a pre-defined set of weather, traffic flow and lighting operation related parameters and/or variables, evaluation of said conditions and/or values in respective discrete locations as referred to the lighting arrays (30a, . . . , 40a, . . . ) along section (b1), and control of the respective operation accordingly. 64. Method according to any of the claims 58-63, characterized in that, as part of said process (E), each power delivery station (Pn) monitors and controls power generation and/or power voltage variation and/or power storage by at least one structure (10a), and/or power delivery conditions on a respective location within said section (b1) to users thereof, such as power transmission grid lines, lighting arrays (30a, . . . , 40a, . . . ) and circulating vehicles. 65. Method according to any of the claims 58-64, characterized in that as part of said process (T), said weather condition arrays (70a) and/or traffic flow arrays (80a, 81a), periodically assess the condition and/or measure the value, of a set of respective pre-defined parameters and/or variables at their respective location along (b1) and, at least under certain pre-defined conditions thereof, communicate the results, preferentially wirelessly, to a pre-defined number of at least one, preferentially several, lighting arrays (30a, . . . ,) and/or (40a, . . . ) located upstream and/or downstream, and/or to a respective local control station (Ln), and/or to a remote station (C). 66. Method according to any of the claims 58-65, characterized in that as part of said process (T), a pre-defined code of colors and/or emitting intensity, and/or lighting frequency and/or on/off time sequencing for each lighting array (30a, 40a), or group thereof along section (b1), is associated with certain pre-parameterized conditions as monitored by a weather condition array (70a) and/or by a traffic flow array (80a). 67. Method according to any of the claims 58-66, characterized in that as part of at least one process (E, T), each local control station (Ln) continuously monitors and/or controls the operation of the lighting arrays (30a, 40a) and/or PV arrays (50a, . . . ) and/or wind energy arrays (60a, . . . ) and/or weather condition arrays (70a) and/or traffic flow arrays (80a) and/or power delivery stations (Pn, . . . ), installed along a respective given length of said section (b1) and, eventually, under certain pre-defined conditions, periodically communicates, preferentially wirelessly, respective data to a remote station (C) and/or to at least one directly adjacent control station (Ln-1). 68. Process according to any of the claims 58-67, characterized in that as part of process (T), said remote station (C) evaluates data as communicated by said weather condition arrays (70a) and/or traffic flow arrays (80a) and/or by said local control stations (Ln) and/or by external sources and, eventually, in certain pre-defined cases, communicates a certain condition to the lighting arrays (30a, 40a) installed in a specific structure (10a) or road-side element (7a), and/or to a pre-defined number of lighting arrays (30a, 40a) located directly upstream and/or to at least one local control station directly upstream (Ln-1) along the same traffic circulation direction. 69. Method according to any of the claims 58-68, characterized in that as part of process (T), said remote station (C) preferentially bi-directionally communicates periodically updated weather condition and/or traffic flow information, preferentially wirelessly, to information display arrays (100a, . . . ) installed along a respective section (b1) and/or information display devices (110a, . . . ) on board of vehicles circulating within or in the proximity of said section (b1) of said TI (A). 70. Method according to any of the previous claims 58-69, characterized in that said remote station (C) continuously monitors, evaluates and controls relevant functions of process (E) and/or process (T) along each section (A), preferentially along several such sections (b1, . . . ), in at least one traffic infrastructure (A). 