The online measurement system of radioactive tracers in oil wells head, object of this invention, is characterized by the use of new technology to measure concentrations of tracer activity in real time, using a radiation detector NaI (TI), with features that make it possible to detect up to three different tracers and be able to operate in temperature conditions up to 150.degree. C., which allows to be immersed in a container with fluid coming from the flow stream, achieving with this to increase the sensitivity of the measurements. This system of measurement in the head of production wells will allow having much more data of the tracer activity, avoiding having to transport the operational staff to production wells to carry out sampling test, with all the advantages that this represents.
Claims 1. An online measurement system of radioactive tracers in oil well head, characterized because of it includes: (I) a power plant, (II) a detection module of gamma radiation, (iii) a programmable data acquisition module; and (iv) a laptop computer. 2. An online measurement system in accordance with claim 1, characterized because the power plant is preferably a solar plant. 3. An online measurement system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the plant comprises a solar photovoltaic panel, a bank of two batteries, a controller and an inverter DC/AC (direct current/alternating current) 4. An online measurement system in accordance with claim 1, characterized because through the current inversor we get 127 Volts at 60 Hz of frequency to energize the power supplies (AC/DC converters) in charge of supply voltages of +/-15 V, +12 V DC needed to power the module detection (photomultiplier tube, high voltage source and amplifier) as well as electronic circuits and devices contained in the programmable data acquisition (discriminators, counters, microcontroller, thermal printer, Liquid Crystal Display). 5. An online measurement system in accordance with claim 1, characterized because the radiation detector have the discrimination circuits to detect and measure simultaneously up to three different gamma emission tracers and it is formed by four essential elements: 1) a high voltage source which is energized by a direct current of +/-15 Volts, coming from one of the converters, AC/DC, which when switched it delivers between 1200 and 1500 Volts, needed to polarize the photomultiplier tube through a resistive-capacitive array; 2) a scintillation crystal which is composed of sodium iodide activated with thallium NaI (TI), whose function is to make the conversion of gamma radiation to visible electromagnetic energy, 3) a photomultiplier tube whose function is to produce an electrical signal proportional to the energy of incident radiation on the scintillation crystal, and 4) an amplifier, which amplifies the signal pulses coming from the photomultiplier tube (PMT). 6. An online measurement system in accordance with claim 1, wherein said module comprises a programmable data acquisition which perform all functions of operation, control and information management (packaging signal, comparison, discrimination, count, stored in memory, and displayed and printing) 7. An online measurement system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the computer acquisition has a storage capacity of 174,000 activity data vs. concentration. Time and includes: 1) a phase comparator and signal conditioning, which has three channels compared to detect the same number of tracers, each having an adjustable detection threshold, then this section is a monostable multivibrator designed to standardize the constable pulse width to 1 us to avoid problems of overlapping pulses, 2) a pulse counting stage, where does the measured pulse count, which has a time base that allows pulse counting every 3.66 msec. until 8:32 pm, and 3) a 16-bit microcontroller, which performs the function of programming and control, data read from the stage of counting and writing them in memory and displayed the results on screen and printing the same in a thermal printer. 8. An online measurement system in accordance with claim 1, wherein through a laptop that is considered for the programming of the measuring system and, through this, can be recovered from the data acquired during operation, which are stored in the memory of data acquisition. 9. An online measurement system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the communication between the laptop and the measurement system is done through the RS-232 via serial port at 9600 bauds. 10. An online measurement system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the detection module contains a Marginally type container with a capacity of 2.3 liters of volume for accommodation of fluid (shown) from the production well, where the module is immersed detection (scintillation crystal) and can operate up to a fluid pressure of 1600 psi. 11. An online measurement system in accordance with claim 1, wherein with the computer programs for the programmable data acquisition perform all operations of acquisition, testing, storage and handling of all measurement data. 12. An online measurement system in accordance with claim 1, wherein with the computer programs required by laptop to perform the functions of programming data acquisition and make reading the data stored in the acquisition data. 13. A procedure for the use of online measurement system in accordance with the claim 1, characterized in that it comprises the following steps: a) establishment of flow; b) flow regulation on the line that feeds the container, c) making up, d) data collection, and e) depressurizing and purging. 