The present invention is directed toward a solar power system including an array of photovoltaic panels. The photovoltaic array may include a first module electrically coupled to an AC load and a second module electrically coupled to a DC load. The array may be reconfigured such that individual panels may be transferred from the first module to the second module, and vice versa. The arrays may generate power that is selectively distributed to direct current and alternating current power loads. The system further includes a power management device effective to maximize the power generation of the second module.
Claims 1. A solar power distribution system for a cellular communication site, the system comprising: a photovoltaic array operable to generate direct current (DC), the array including: a first module comprising a first plurality of photovoltaic panels, and a second module comprising a second plurality of photovoltaic panels; an inverter in communication with the first module, the inverter being operable to convert the direct current into alternating current (AC); and a DC-DC converter in communication with the second module, the DC-DC converter operable to convert the voltage level of the direct current, wherein the photovoltaic array is reconfigurable such that the photovoltaic panels of the first module may be electrically coupled to the photovoltaic panels of the second module, and vice versa. 2. The solar power distribution system of claim 1, wherein: the photovoltaic panels of the first module are connected in series; and the photovoltaic panels of the second module are connected in parallel. 3. The solar power distribution system of claim 2, wherein: the system further includes an AC load device; and the first module generates power to power the AC load device. 4. The solar power distribution system of claim 1, wherein: the DC-DC converter receives an input voltage from the second module and transmits an output voltage toward a DC load device; the system further comprises a power management device electrically coupled to the DC-DC converter; and the power management device monitors input and output voltages of the converter to selectively adjusts converter output voltage based upon converter input voltage. 5. A solar power system for a cellular communication site, the system comprising: a solar array including: a first module configured to direct power toward an AC load; and a second module separate from the first module, wherein the second module is configured to direct power toward a DC load; a DC-DC converter in electrically communication with the first module, wherein the converter has an input voltage provided by the first module of the solar array and an output voltage directed toward the DC load, and wherein the converter possesses a minimum threshold value at which the operation of the converter ceases; and a power management device electrically coupled to the DC-DC converter, wherein the power management device selectively adjusts the output voltage of the DC converter to maintain the output voltage above a minimum threshold value. 6. The cell site solar power system of claim 5, wherein: the first module of the solar array comprises photovoltaic panels connected in series; the second module of the solar array comprises photovoltaic panels connected in parallel. 7. The cell site solar power system of claim 6, wherein the first module of the solar array is electrically coupled to an inverter. 8. The cell site solar power system of claim 5 further comprising a power storage device electrically coupled to the solar array. 9. A method of reconfiguring the power output of a power distribution system for a cell site, the method comprising: (a) obtaining a power distribution system including: a photovoltaic array operable to generate direct current (DC), the array comprising: a first module including a first plurality of photovoltaic panels, a second module including a second plurality of photovoltaic panels, an inverter operable to convert the direct current into alternating current (AC), and a DC-DC converter operable to convert the voltage level of the direct current; (b) designating a predetermined number of total panels to define the photovoltaic array; (c) designating a first portion of the total panels to form the first module; (d) designating a second portion of the total panels to form the second sub-array; (e) electrically coupling the first module to the inverter; (f) electrically coupling the second module to the DC-DC converter; and (g) directing power generated by the second module directly to a DC load device. 10. The method of claim 9 further comprising (h) disconnecting at least one photovoltaic panel from the first module and connecting the panel to the second module. 11. The method of claim 9, wherein: the DC-DC converter receives an input voltage from the second module and generates an output voltage toward the DC load device; and the system further comprises a power management device operable to selectively vary converter output voltage based upon measured converter input voltage. 