A system that stabilizes or supplements the variable power output from an external energy source by producing power from aluminum alloys. The aluminum alloy produces hydrogen from water, and also releases heat. During this process, the aluminum alloy is oxidized to alumina mixture, which can be recycled in a smelting unit to regenerate the aluminum alloy. The aluminum alloy can be easily transported in existing transportation system to different locations. The system produces electricity on-demand using portions of the existing power generation and transportation systems with minimal carbon footprint/emission.
Claims 1. An energy system comprising: a smelter comprising a power input (P.sub.S) and an alumina mixture input flow rate and wherein the smelter is configured to converts the alumina mixture to an aluminum mixture at a flow rate (A.sub.S); a reactor unit comprising a reactor configured to react the aluminum alloy with water at a flow rate (A.sub.R) to generate H.sub.2 and heat; and a turbine configured to produce power (P.sub.T) from the heat, by combustion of the H.sub.2, by use of the H.sub.2 in a fuel cell, or a combination of any two or more thereof; wherein: the aluminum alloy comprises Al and the aluminum alloy further comprises one or more of Ga, In, or Sn; and the alumina mixture comprises Al.sub.2O.sub.3, and the alumina mixture further comprises one or more of Ga, In, or Sn. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein a portion of P.sub.T is connected to an external load, P.sub.L. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein an external energy source provides power (P.sub.1) to smelter unit (P.sub.S). 4. The system of claim 3, wherein P.sub.1 and P.sub.T are combined to provide power to the smelter (P.sub.S) and an external load (P.sub.L). 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the smelter is an electrolytic smelter. 6. The system of claim 3, wherein the external energy source comprises nuclear, wind, solar, geothermal or hydroelectric energy. 7. The system of claim 4, wherein: when P.sub.1>P.sub.L+P.sub.S, the flow rate (A.sub.R) is kept at zero; when P.sub.1<P.sub.L+P.sub.S, the net accumulation rate for the aluminum alloy (A.sub.N) is maximized in accordance to the equation A.sub.N=A.sub.S-A.sub.R=SP.sub.S-P.sub.T/RT wherein: P.sub.S is the power required for the smelter in kW; S is the efficiency of the smelter unit in kg/kWh; R is the rate of energy production in the reaction unit in kWh/kg; T is the efficiency of the turbine; A.sub.R is the mass flow rate of aluminum alloy fed to the reaction unit in kg/hr A.sub.S is the rate of production of aluminum alloy by the smelter in kg/hr. 8. A system for electricity production for supplying power to a load (P.sub.L) comprising: a renewable energy source with power output (P.sub.1); a power generating system comprising: a smelting unit comprising a smelter, a power input (P.sub.S) and an alumina mixture input, wherein the smelter is configured to convert an alumina mixture to an aluminum alloy at a flow rate (A.sub.S); a reaction unit comprising a reactor and an aluminum alloy input, wherein the reactor is configured to oxidize at least a portion of the aluminum alloy at a flow rate (A.sub.R) to form alumina mixture, H.sub.2, and heat; a turbine configured to produces power (P.sub.T) from the H.sub.2 and the heat; a storage unit configured to collect and distribute the aluminum alloy. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the storage unit is configured to retain at least a portion of the aluminum alloy from the smelting unit. 10. The system of claim 9 further comprising a transportation unit configured to transport at least a portion of the aluminum alloy to the reactor unit and the transportation unit comprises road, rail, sea or air transport. 11. A method of stabilizing or supplementing electrical power output from a renewable energy source comprising the steps of: utilizing a portion of the electrical power output from the renewable energy source to power an electrolytic smelting unit; converting an alumina mixture into an aluminum alloy in a smelting unit comprising a smelter; reacting in a reactor a controlled amount of the aluminum alloy with water to form H.sub.2, heat, and alumina mixture; converting the H.sub.2, heat, or both into electricity; and recycling the alumina mixture produced in the reactor by introducing it to the smelter. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the renewable energy source comprises wind, solar, geothermal and hydroelectric energy. 13. The system of claim 11, wherein a turbine or fuel cell produces electricity from the H.sub.2. 14. The system of claim 11, wherein the aluminum alloy comprises Al and one or more of Ga, In and Sn. 15. The system of claim 11, wherein the aluminum alloy is up to 95% Al and 5% passivation preventing agent and the passivating agent comprises one or more of Ga, In or Sn. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the passivating agent comprises Ga, In, and Sn, and the ratio of Ga, In and Sn in the passivation preventing agent is about 68:22:10. 17. The system of claim 13, wherein a controller determines the quantity of the aluminum alloy reacted comprising: monitoring values for the power output from the renewable power source (P.sub.1), the power to the smelting unit (P.sub.S) and the power required by the external load (P.sub.L); setting flow rate of the aluminum alloy (A.sub.R), wherein: when P.sub.1 is greater than the sum of P.sub.S and P.sub.L, then, A.sub.R is kept at zero; or when P.sub.1 is equal to or less than the sum of P.sub.S and P.sub.L, then, the flow rate A.sub.R is controlled by maximizing the net accumulation rate for the aluminum alloy (A.sub.N) in accordance to the equation A.sub.N=A.sub.S-A.sub.R=SP.sub.S-P.sub.T/RT Ps is the power required for the smelting unit in kW; S is the efficiency of the smelter unit in kg/kWh; R is the rate of energy production in the reaction unit in kWh/kg; T is the efficiency of the turbine; A.sub.R is the mass flow rate of aluminum alloy fed to the reaction unit in kg/hr. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the controller monitors the amount of aluminum stored in an aluminum storage. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein the controller adjusts the amount of aluminum to be transported. 