A shade system that includes a shade assembly fixedly or non-fixedly attached to an extension component. The device has a first mounting component at a first end for holding the shade assembly and allows the shade assembly to be positioned in three dimensions in multiple orientations. The extension component has a second mounting component at a second end for attaching the extension component to a mounting surface.
Claims 1. A shade system comprising: a shade assembly comprising a shading component and support structure; a extension component; and wherein the extension component has a first mounting component at a first end of the extension component for holding the shade assembly; wherein the extension component allows the shade assembly to be positioned in three dimensional space in multiple orientations; wherein the extension component has a second mounting component at a second end for attaching the extension component to a mounting surface. 2. The shade system of claim 1, wherein the mounting surface comprises a wheel chair arm, a vehicle window, a bicycle, a vehicle door, a bicycle helmet, a patio chair, a patio table, a stroller frame, a beach chair, a stud wall, a ceiling, a floor, a weighted stand, a weighted flexible stand, a chair inside a home and a structural support for a vehicle headrest. 3. The shade system of claim 1, wherein the shade assembly; is moved by devices comprising a motor, a plurality of supporting devices, a spring loaded device, an actuator, a gear assembly, manual operation, shape memory metal actuation, pneumatics, hydraulics, a passenger with a hand controller and a wired and/or wireless remote control. 4. The shade system of claim 1, wherein shade system utilizes devices comprising light sensors, sensors, actuators, proximity sensors, software and hardware, controllers, sensors, solar power, GPS for the system and/or the mounting surface to control the positioning of the shade assembly based on predetermined and/or desired factors comprising the UV index, the sun location determined by GPS, vehicle location based on GPS, the sun location base on light sensors, and sensors. 5. The shade system of claim 1, wherein the first mounting component comprises a ball and socket; a bracket with threaded fasteners, clips, magnetic devices, a hook and loop fastener, snaps, clamps and fittings. 6. The shade system of claim 1, wherein the shading component comprises a transparent polymeric film, an array of apertures through the retro-reflective film, a shade screen such that a vehicle driver can see through the shade component, vinyl perforated film, a photosensitive film which exhibits a change in optical density when an optical energy is applied to it, a non-translucent film, a tinted film, polymeric film, a multilayer unilateral see through film, a heat-reflective material, a light-reflective material, a cloth comprising metallic threads and a cloth shade. 7. The shade system of claim 1, wherein the shade assembly comprises the shading component fixedly or non-fixedly attached to a frame structure; wherein the shading component fixedly or non-fixedly attached to a horizontal component; and/or the shading component which is rigid requiring no structural support and/or frame. 8. The shade system of claim 1, wherein the extension component comprises an adjustable shape-retaining element in the flexible covering, a joint member assembly, one or multiple straight or flexible poles, an adjustable arm, an extendible arm cantilevered from a base support and a powered adjustable arm. 9. The shade system of claim 1, wherein the shading assembly comprises assemblies having shapes and sizing comprising adjustable sizes and shapes, fixed shapes, fixed sizes wherein the fixed shapes comprise rectangular shapes, oval shapes, octagons and circles. 10. The shade system of claim 1, wherein the shade system comprises a spring wound pull down shade assembly attached to the ceiling of a vehicle; wherein the bottom of the shade attaches to the back of a chair. 11. The shade system of claim 1, wherein the system is made of materials comprising metal, polymers, steel, aluminum, films and vinyl. 12. A shade system comprising: an electrical system; a shade assembly comprising a shading component with a structural support; an extension component; and wherein the extension component has a first mounting component at a first end for holding the shade assembly; wherein the extension component allows the shade assembly to be positioned in three dimensions in multiple orientations; wherein the extension component has a second mounting component at a second end for attaching the extension component to a mounting surface. 13. The shade system of claim 12, wherein the shade assembly can further act as a device that comprises a computer touch pad, a computer screen, a movie monitor, a radio and a television screen. 14. The shade system of claim 12, wherein the shade assembly can be moved to a desired location by techniques comprising a user operating a wired or wireless remote control, a shade system that utilizes devices comprising light sensors, sensors, actuators, proximity sensors, software and hardware, controllers, solar power, GPS for the system and/or the mounting surface to control the positioning of the shade assembly; based on predetermined and/or desired factors comprising the UV index, the sun location determined by GPS, vehicle location based on GPS, the sun location base on light sensors, and sensors. 15. The shade system of claim 12, wherein the shade assembly can comprise a frame with vent holes to provide air conditioned and/or heated air to a passenger in a car, can function as a solar collection panel, can provide lighting, can provide sound and/or music. 16. The shade system of claim 12, wherein the shade assembly comprises a tent like structure, a reconfigurable structure with one or more flexible poles that form arcs with a cross member that provides stability; wherein the ends of the one or more flexible pole ends stuck in the sand, the ground and resting on asphalt; wherein the two flexible poles hold the shade assembly either fixedly or non-fixedly. 17. The shade system of claim 12, wherein the shade assembly can provide components comprising a storage tray for writing instruments, a mirror and a toy holder. 18. The shade system of claim 12, wherein the shade assembly can be rolled up using techniques comprising a spring loaded device, a motor driven device and a manual wind-up device. 19. The shade system of claim 1, wherein the shade system is made of materials comprising metal, polymers, steel, aluminum, films and vinyl. 20. The shade system of claim 1, wherein the shade assembly is manufactured using techniques comprising molded construction having the shade molded directly to the frame and a shade non-fixedly attached to the support frame using hook and loop fasteners. 