Disclosed are virtual reality systems, in particular immersive virtual reality systems, their parts, construction and use. The systems and/or parts thereof may be used by adults or children, and may be adapted to support, often within a single device, a large range of users of different sizes and medical condition. Users with physical disabilities have difficulties using existing immersive technologies such as those using accessories like head-mounted displays and data gloves. Such users are provided with immersive virtual reality outputs that allow them to see virtual representations of their body parts which appear in a correct spatial position relative to the users' viewpoint.
Claims 1. An adjustable body sensor unit comprising: at least one node comprising at least one sensor, at least one body attachment comprising at least one attachment element for attaching said at least one node to the body attachment, at least one element for communicating measurements received by the at least one sensor, wherein said element for communicating is preferably part of the node and wherein a location of the node on the body attachment is adjustable and/or the body attachment itself is adjustable to accommodate different users. 2. The body sensor unit of claim 1, wherein at least one further sensor is adjustably attached to the body attachment and wherein the further sensor comprises a signal transducing element that measures a movement of a body part to which it is attached. 3. The body sensor unit of claim 2, wherein the body attachment is an adjustable body attachment glove, wherein the glove has preferably a form of an open tube with a thumb-hole or a form of a wrap around sheet and wherein the at least one further sensor is a finger sensor or a wrist sensor. 4. The body sensor unit of claim 3, wherein the glove comprises one or more finger guides into which finger(s) of a user are inserted. 5. The body sensor unit of claim 3, wherein the finger sensor or wrist sensor is adjustably attached via said at least one attachment element, which is preferably an attachment pad, clip, zip, buttonhole or pocket. 6. The body sensor unit of claim 3, wherein at least one finger-to-finger sensor which is preferably securely attached to at least two finger sensor(s), wherein said finger-to-finger sensor connects a first finger to a second finger. 7. The body sensor unit of claim 6, wherein said finger-to finger sensor is securely attached at each of its two ends to a finger sensor. 8. The body sensor unit of claim 3, wherein the attachment glove is elastic. 9. The body sensor unit of claim 8, wherein the transducing element measures bending, rotation, elongation or pressure and is a 2D or 3D accelerometer, a magnetometer, a potentiometer such as a bend potentiometer, a linear potentiometer or a rotary potentiometer, a position encoder or a pressure sensor. 10. The body sensor unit of claim 8, wherein at least one effector is part of the at least one node. 11. The body sensor unit of claim 1, wherein the node is self powered via an energy source such as a battery or a solar cell. 12. The body sensor unit of claim 1, wherein the node communicates with the base unit wirelessly such as via infrared or blue-tooth. 13. The body sensor unit of claim 12, wherein the body sensor unit has at least one finger base, which is preferably removably attached to the body attachment and wherein said finger base has said at least one finger sensor attached to it, wherein the finger sensor runs along a finger and is preferably further secured to the finger(s) via sliding ring(s) at tip(s) of the finger(s). 14. The body sensor unit of claims 13, wherein said sliding ring(s) contain(s) at least one marker to track positions of said tip(s). 15. The body sensor unit of claim 14, wherein the finger sensor(s) comprise(s) an actuating device such as a linear motor or an electroactive polymer actuator. 16. The body sensor unit of claim 1, further comprising at least one marker for detecting (a) a position, wherein the marker is preferably a magnetic field generator/detector, optical marker for an outside-in visual tracker, internal camera for inside-out visual tracker, ultrasonic emitter/receiver, radio transmitter/receiver, (b) an orientation, wherein the marker is preferably a magnetometer or an accelerator, and/or (c) a temperature, wherein the marker is preferably a thermometer. 17. The body sensor unit of claim 1, wherein the body attachment is a vest and wherein the sensor measures trunk movements and/or bending. 18. The body sensor unit of claim 1, wherein the body attachment is attached to a foot and measures foot movements, bending and/or forces. 19. The body sensor unit of claim 18, wherein the body attachment comprises a heel and a toe element and at least one pressure sensor and/or bend sensor at a position for contacting an external surface. 20. The body sensor unit of claim 19, wherein the body attachment is (a) an adjustable shoe or adjustable overshoe or sock, having a sole and an upper part, or (b) a toe and heel element which are adjustably attached to each other. 21. The body sensor unit of claim 19, wherein two pressure sensors are located at the toe element and two pressure sensors are located at the heel element. 22. The body sensor unit of claim 21, wherein the pressure sensors are integrated into an insert to be placed onto the sole inside the shoe and/or are placed at or into an attachment outside the shoe such as at an inside of a heel or at or into a container at the toe region. 23. The body sensor unit of claim 21, wherein the sensors are removably attached to the sole. 24. An immersive virtual reality system comprising at least one body sensor unit having at least one node comprising at least one sensor, at least one body attachment comprising at least one attachment element for attaching said at least one node to the body attachment, at least one element for communicating measurements received by the at least one sensor, wherein said element for communicating is preferably part of the node and wherein a location of the node on the body attachment is adjustable and/or the body attachment itself is adjustable to accommodate different users, and the virtual reality system further comprising a display unit which is in communication with the at least one body sensor unit to display movements of the body parts measured by said sensors of the body sensor unit immersively. 25. A virtual reality system comprising at least one sensor or node comprising said at least one sensor, and at least one computer, wherein the sensor comprises a signal transducing element for attachment to a body part, wherein the transducing element is adapted to track movements of the body part, at least one element for communicating the tracked movements to the computer that maps the movements for display on a display unit, wherein the display unit comprises: at least one monitor, at least one mirror unit, an adjustment device to adjust the monitor and mirror unit to a position, in which the monitor is reflected in the mirror unit so that, in said position, movements tracked by the sensor are displayed on the monitor for immersive viewing in the mirror unit. 26. The virtual reality system of claim 25, wherein mapping of the computer includes an amplification or reduction of the tracked movement. 27. The virtual reality system of claim 25, wherein a mirrored image is displayed on the monitor. 28. The virtual reality system of claim 25, wherein the adjustment device is a frame on which the at least one monitor, the at least one mirror unit and/or preferably at least one work surface are mounted and are adjustable in height and/or inclination. 29. The virtual reality system of claim 25, wherein the monitor and/or the at least one mirror unit are at least in part curved. 30. The virtual reality system of claim 25, wherein the body parts include hands, arms, legs and/or feet. 31. A body sensor unit comprising: at least one body attachment, at least one node comprising at least one sensor attached to said body attachment, at least one finger-to-finger sensor and an attachment element for connecting the finger-to-finger sensor between a first and a second finger, wherein the finger-to finger sensor comprises a signal transducing element that measures a movement of said first and second finger, and at least one element for communicating measurements received by said least one finger-to-finger sensor. 32. The body sensor unit of claim 31, wherein the attachment elements connects the at least one finger-to-finger sensor to at least two finger sensor(s) each extending along a finger. 33. (canceled) 34. (canceled) 35. A method for creating an immersive virtual image of a body part comprising: providing at least one tracking device, at least one monitor and at least one mirror unit, wherein at least one sensor attached to the body part measures its movements, wherein the monitor tracks the movements of the body part, and wherein the at least one mirror unit provides an immersive virtual picture of the body part. 36. The method of claim 35, wherein at least two sensors are provided, one to measure arm and one to measure leg movements and the mirror unit and/or monitor are, at least in part, curved and an immersive virtual image of the arm(s) and leg(s) is created. 