A control system for a photovoltaic ("PV") power plant that includes a plant-level control system for implementing plant-level control functions at power generation sites of the plant, a supervisory system for supervisory control and data acquisition of the plant, and a communications network connecting the plant-level control system, the supervisory system, and plant devices is described. Methods of controlling a PV plant using the plant-level control system and the supervisory system and methods of regulating power characteristics in power generation sites are also described.
Claims 1. A control system for a photovoltaic ("PV") power plant, said PV power plant including a plurality of power generation sites containing plant devices used to provide electrical power to an electrical grid, said control system comprising: a plant-level control system for controlling plant control functions of said PV power plant by providing instructions to said plurality of power generation sites; a supervisory system configured to perform monitoring and data acquisition functions related to said plant devices and to provide commands for plant control functions to said plant-level control system; and a communications network providing communications among said plant devices, said plant-level control system, and said supervisory system. 2. The control system of claim 1, wherein said PV power plant further comprises a point of intersection for receiving electrical power generated from said plurality of power generation sites and providing said electrical power to said electrical grid. 3. The control system of claim 2, wherein each of said power generation sites comprises: a direct-current ("DC") region comprising: a plurality of PV panels for generating a DC electrical signal from radiant light; and at least one combiner box configured to receive and combine said DC electrical signals generated by said plurality of PV panels; and an alternating-current ("AC") region comprising: at least one inverter configured to receive said combined DC electrical signal from said at least one combiner box, wherein said at least one inverter inverts said combined DC electrical signal to an AC signal and provides said AC signal to said point of intersection of said PV power plant. 4. The control system of claim 3, further comprising a monitoring and communication device interfaced with said plant devices at a respective one of said power generation sites, wherein said monitoring and communication device is configured to: collect DC power characteristics of plant devices and interconnections in said DC region of said respective power generation site; and collect AC power characteristics of plant devices and interconnections in said AC region of said respective power generation site. 5. The control system of claim 4, wherein said at least one combiner box of each of said power generation sites includes a plurality of combiner boxes each receiving a DC electrical signal from a plurality of associated PV panels, and wherein said at least one inverter is configured to receive combined DC electrical signals from said plurality of combiner boxes, each of said plurality of combiner boxes further comprising: a relay switch configured to stop said combiner box from receiving DC power from at least one of said associated PV panels. 6. The control system of claim 5, wherein each of said plurality of combiner boxes is configured to trigger said relay switch according to instructions received from said at least one inverter. 7. The control system of claim 6, wherein said at least one inverter is configured to instruct at least one of said plurality of associated combiner boxes to trigger said respective relay switch when a total amount of DC current received by said inverter exceeds a threshold. 8. The control system of claim 5, wherein each of said plurality of combiner boxes is configured to trigger said relay switch according to instructions received from said plant-level control system. 9. The control system of claim 2, said plant-level control system further comprising: at least one device for monitoring power characteristics at said point of intersection; and a master controller configured to: receive said power characteristics from said at least one monitoring device; generate said instructions for said plant control functions according to said received power characteristics; and provide said instructions to said one or more plant devices through said communications network. 10. The control system of claim 1, wherein said supervisory system comprises a supervisory user interface for providing commands for said plant control functions to said plant-level control system. 11. The control system of claim 10, wherein said supervisory system further comprises: a first data server configured to aggregate real time data from said plant devices; and a second data server configured to accumulate historical data from said first data server according to at least one data collection routine, wherein said user interface for providing said supervisory control instructions is configured to access said first data server and said second data server. 12. A method of controlling plant-level control functions in a photovoltaic ("PV") power plant, said PV power plant including a plurality of power generation sites, each power generation site including a plurality of plant devices, said method comprising: configuring a master controller of a plant-level control system of said PV power plant to determine instructions for performing said plant-level control functions for at least one of said plurality of plant devices in at least one of said plurality of power generation sites, wherein said master controller is configured to determine said instructions according to one or more provided parameters and one or more monitored power characteristics of said PV power plant; providing a parameter for a plant-level control function to said master controller; monitoring power characteristics at a point of intersection for electrical power generated at said plurality of power generation sites; providing information on said monitored power characteristics to said master controller; using a processor of said master controller to determine instructions for said at least one plant device; and providing said instructions to said at least one plant device using a communications network. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein each of said plurality of power generation sites includes a direct current ("DC") region and an alternating current ("AC") region, wherein said DC region comprises: a plurality of PV panels for generating DC electrical signals; and at least one combiner box configured to receive and combine said DC electrical signals from said plurality of PV panels, and wherein said AC region comprises: at least one inverter configured to receive said combined DC electrical signal from said at least one combiner box and invert said combined DC electrical signal to an AC electrical signal; and an output site for outputting said AC electrical signal to said point of intersection. 14. The method of claim 13, further comprising monitoring DC power characteristics of plant devices in said DC region. 15. The method of claim 12, wherein said step of providing a parameter further comprises providing said parameter from a user interface of a supervisory system that is remotely connected to a plant-level control system of said PV power plant. 16. The method of claim 12, wherein said plant-level control functions include regulation of a maximum active power output of said PV power plant, said method comprising: providing a set point indicating a desired maximum active power output to said master controller; monitoring a power level at said point of intersection; and determining if said power level at said point of intersection is greater than said desired maximum active power output; and if said power level at said point of intersection is greater than said desired maximum active power output, using said processor to generate instructions to reduce an output power level from at least one of said power generation sites. 17. A photovoltaic ("PV") power plant comprising: a plurality of power generation sites, each of said plurality of power generation sites comprising: a direct current ("DC") region comprising: a plurality of PV panels for generating DC electrical signals; and at least one combiner box configured to receive and combine said DC electrical signals from associated PV panels of said plurality of PV panels; and an alternating current ("AC") region comprising: at least one inverter configured to receive said combined DC electrical signal from said at least one combiner box and invert said combined DC electrical signal to an AC electrical signal; and an output site for outputting said AC electrical signal; a point of intersection for receiving electrical said AC electrical signal from said plurality of power generation sites and providing said AC electrical signal to an electrical power grid; and a control system for providing control functions and supervisory functions for said PV power plant, said control system comprising: a plant-level control system for controlling plant control functions of said PV power plant by providing instructions to said plant devices at said plurality of power generation sites; a supervisory system configured to perform monitoring and data acquisition functions for said plant devices at said plurality of power generation sites and to provide commands for plant control functions to said plant-level control system; and a communications network providing communications among said plant devices, said plant-level control system, and said supervisory system. 18. The PV power plant of claim 17, further comprising a monitoring and storage device for detecting DC power characteristics of plant devices in said DC region. 19. The PV power plant of claim 18, said at least one combiner box further comprising a relay switch for stopping the receipt of DC power from at least one of said associated PV panels according to said detected DC power characteristics. 20. The PV power plant of claim 17, said plant-level control system further comprising: at least one device for monitoring power characteristics at said point of intersection; and a master controller configured to: receive said power characteristics from said at least one monitoring device; generate said instructions for said plant devices according to said received power characteristics; and provide said instructions to said plant devices through said communications network. 