A white LED light source module can have a white LED light source that includes a blue LED element and a fluorescent material in combination, and a member that can prevent the color of the fluorescent material itself from being directly observed when the light source module does not function as a light source. The white LED light source module can have a photosensor to detect external light. In a standby mode of the white LED light source module, the blue LED element can be supplied with a small driving current corresponding to the brightness of the external light detected by the photosensor, so that the white LED light source can be lit with the luminance substantially equal to the external light.
Claims 1. A white LED light source module comprising: a white LED light source having an illumination direction, the white LED light source including an LED element configured to emit light and a sealing resin containing a transparent resin and a fluorescent material dispersed in the transparent resin, the sealing resin configured to seal the entire LED element; a first photosensor having a light receiving direction and configured to detect brightness of external light and to generate a first detection signal; a lighting chamber including a mounting base portion on which the white LED light source and the first photosensor are disposed, a side wall disposed on and erected from the mounting base portion and defining an upper opening, and a transparent cover covering the opening defined by the side wall, the lighting chamber being defined by the mounting base portion, the side wall, and the transparent cover, the white LED light source and the first photosensor being disposed side by side such that the illumination direction of the white LED light source is substantially the same direction as the light receiving direction of the first photosensor; an LED driving current controlling unit configured to control an LED driving current to the LED element, wherein when the white LED light source module does not function as a light source and is in a standby state, the first photosensor is configured to detect a brightness of external light to generate and send the first detection signal to the LED driving current controlling unit, and according to the first detection signal the LED driving current controlling unit is configured to generate and send a controlled current to drive the LED element such that brightness of the white LED light source becomes substantially the same as the brightness of the external light. 2. The white LED light source module according to claim 1, further comprising: a second photosensor that is disposed adjacent the transparent cover and includes a light receiving surface facing towards the white LED light source to detect brightness of the white LED light source and to generate a second detection signal; and a signal comparing unit configured to compare the first detection signal from the first photosensor that detects the brightness of external light with the second detection signal from the second photosensor that detects the brightness of the white LED light source to send a comparison result to the LED driving current controlling unit, and wherein the LED driving current controlling unit is configured to control the controlled current for driving the LED element so that the brightness of the white LED light source is substantially equal to the brightness of the external light. 3. The white LED light source module according to claim 1, wherein the first photosensor includes a photodiode. 4. The white LED light source module according to claim 2, wherein the first photosensor and the second photosensor each include a photodiode. 5. The white LED light source module according to claim 1, further comprising a shielding wall disposed on the mounting base portion and having a reflecting surface on an outer surface, and wherein the transparent cover covers an end of the shielding wall and the shielding wall and the side wall define spaces accommodating the first photosensor and the white LED light source, respectively. 6. The white LED light source module according to claim 2, further comprising a shielding wall disposed on the mounting base portion and having a reflecting surface on an outer surface, and wherein the transparent cover covers an end of the shielding wall and the shielding wall and the side wall define spaces accommodating the first photosensor and the white LED light source, respectively. 7. The white LED light source module according to claim 3, further comprising a shielding wall disposed on the mounting base portion and having a reflecting surface on an outer surface, and wherein the transparent cover covers an end of the shielding wall and the shielding wall and the side wall define spaces accommodating the first photosensor and the white LED light source, respectively. 8. The white LED light source module according to claim 4, further comprising a shielding wall disposed on the mounting base portion and having a reflecting surface on an outer surface, and wherein the transparent cover covers an end of the shielding wall and the shielding wall and the side wall define spaces accommodating the first photosensor and the white LED light source, respectively. 9. The white LED light source module according to claim 1, further comprising a seating member disposed on the mounting base portion and configured to receive the first photosensor thereon so that a light emission surface of the white LED light source is flush with the first photosensor on top of the seating member. 10. The white LED light source module according to claim 2, further comprising a seating member disposed on the mounting base portion and configured to receive the first photosensor thereon so that a light emission surface of the white LED light source is flush with the first photosensor on top of the seating member. 11. The white LED light source module according to claim 3, further comprising a seating member disposed on the mounting base portion and configured to receive the first photosensor thereon so that a light emission surface of the white LED light source is flush with the first photosensor on top of the seating member. 12. The white LED light source module according to claim 4, further comprising a seating member disposed on the mounting base portion and configured to receive the first photosensor thereon so that a light emission surface of the white LED light source is flush with the first photosensor on top of the seating member. 13. The white LED light source module according to claim 5, further comprising a seating member disposed on the mounting base portion and configured to receive the first photosensor thereon so that a light emission surface of the white LED light source is flush with the first photosensor on top of the seating member. 14. The white LED light source module according to claim 6, further comprising a seating member disposed on the mounting base portion and configured to receive the first photosensor thereon so that a light emission surface of the white LED light source is flush with the first photosensor on top of the seating member. 15. The white LED light source module according to claim 7, further comprising a seating member disposed on the mounting base portion and configured to receive the first photosensor thereon so that a light emission surface of the white LED light source is flush with the first photosensor on top of the seating member. 16. The white LED light source module according to claim 8, further comprising a seating member disposed on the mounting base portion and configured to receive the first photosensor thereon so that a light emission surface of the white LED light source is flush with the first photosensor on top of the seating member. 17. A white LED light source module comprising: a white LED light source including an LED element configured to emit light and a sealing resin containing a transparent resin and a fluorescent material dispersed in the transparent resin, the sealing resin configured to seal the entire LED element; a transparent thin film solar panel; and a lighting chamber including a mounting base portion on which the white LED light source is disposed, a side wall disposed on and erected from the mounting base portion and defining an upper opening, and a transparent cover covering the opening defined by the side wall, the lighting chamber being defined by the mounting base portion, the side wall, and the transparent cover, wherein the transparent thin film solar panel is disposed adjacent the transparent cover, and wherein when the white LED light source module does not function as a light source and is in a standby state, the transparent thin film solar panel receives external light and generates a driving current for the LED element so that brightness of the white LED light source becomes substantially the same as brightness of the external light. 18. The white LED light source module according to claim 1, wherein the LED element is a blue LED element that can emit blue light, and the fluorescent material is any one of a yellow fluorescent material that when excited by blue light emits yellow light and a fluorescent material mixture of a green fluorescent material that when excited by blue light emits green light and a red fluorescent material that when excited by blue light emits red light. 19. The white LED light source module according to claim 2, wherein the LED element is a blue LED element that can emit blue light, and the fluorescent material is any one of a yellow fluorescent material that when excited by blue light emits yellow light and a fluorescent material mixture of a green fluorescent material that when excited by blue light emits green light and a red fluorescent material that when excited by blue light emits red light. 20. The white LED light source module according to claim 3, wherein the LED element is a blue LED element that can emit blue light, and the fluorescent material is any one of a yellow fluorescent material that when excited by blue light emits yellow light and a fluorescent material mixture of a green fluorescent material that when excited by blue light emits green light and a red fluorescent material that when excited by blue light emits red light. 21. The white LED light source module according to claim 4, wherein the LED element is a blue LED element that can emit blue light, and the fluorescent material is any one of a yellow fluorescent material that when excited by blue light emits yellow light and a fluorescent material mixture of a green fluorescent material that when excited by blue light emits green light and a red fluorescent material that when excited by blue light emits red light. 22. The white LED light source module according to claim 5, wherein the LED element is a blue LED element that can emit blue light, and the fluorescent material is any one of a yellow fluorescent material that when excited by blue light emits yellow light and a fluorescent material mixture of a green fluorescent material that when excited by blue light emits green light and a red fluorescent material that when excited by blue light emits red light. 23. The white LED light source module according to claim 9, wherein the LED element is a blue LED element that can emit blue light, and the fluorescent material is any one of a yellow fluorescent material that when excited by blue light emits yellow light and a fluorescent material mixture of a green fluorescent material that when excited by blue light emits green light and a red fluorescent material that when excited by blue light emits red light. 24. The white LED light source module according to claim 17, wherein the LED element is a blue LED element that can emit blue light, and the fluorescent material is any one of a yellow fluorescent material that when excited by blue light emits yellow light and a fluorescent material mixture of a green fluorescent material that when excited by blue light emits green light and a red fluorescent material that when excited by blue light emits red light. 