A wireless power transmission system for use in a mobile asset comprising a host transmitter for providing at least one of a microwave or a lightwave energy signal, a receiver configured to receive said signal, a converter for converting said signal to a storable energy form, and a controller to control the transfer of storable energy from said converter to at least one energy storage device.
Claims 1. A wireless power transmission system comprising: at least one receiver adapted to receive over the air at least one of a microwave energy signal and a lightwave energy signal; at least one energy converting device configured to convert said received at least one microwave energy signal and at least one lightwave energy signal into a storable energy form; an energy storage device coupled to the at least one energy converting device for storing said energy; and a controller operative to control the delivery of storable energy from the energy converting device to the energy storage device. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising a transmitter configured to provide the at least one microwave energy signal and lightwave energy signal. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the transmitter provides at least a microwave energy signal, and the at least one receiver and the at least one energy converting device comprise a rectifying antenna configured to receive said microwave energy signal and convert said energy signal to direct current. 4. The system of claim 2, wherein the transmitter provides at least a lightwave energy signal, and the at least one receiver and the at least one energy converting device comprise at least one photovoltaic cell configured to receive and convert said lightwave energy signal into direct current. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the at least one receiver and the at least one energy converting device comprise a hybrid array configured to receive and convert both said microwave and lightwave energy signals to direct current. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the hybrid array comprises at least one photovoltaic cell and at least one rectifying antenna. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the energy storage device comprises at least one capacitor. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the energy storage device comprises at least one battery. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the energy storage device comprises at least one capacitor coupled to at least one battery, the capacitor configured to be charged by said at least one energy converting device, said battery configured to be charged by said at least one capacitor. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein said controller controls the charging of said at least one battery by said at least one capacitor. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein said at least one receiver is located on a vehicle. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein said vehicle is an unmanned aircraft. 13. The system of claim 2, wherein said controller is further configured to provide positional information to said transmitter to facilitate directing said at least one microwave energy signal and lightwave energy signal to said at least one receiver. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein said controller is configured to monitor energy levels stored in said energy storage device, and detect if said energy levels fall below a predetermined threshold level. 15. The system of claim 2, wherein said transmitter is configured to provide a microwave and a lightwave energy signal, said microwave signal operative to aim said lightwave energy signal at said at least one receiver. 16. The system of claim 11, wherein said vehicle comprises an electrically powered vehicle. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein said vehicle comprises a hybrid vehicle having at least one electric motor and at least one non-electric engine. 18. A method for wirelessly transmitting power comprising the steps of: wirelessly transmitting at least one of microwave and lightwave energy signals; receiving said signals; converting said signals to usable power; and storing said usable power in at least one storage device. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the step of transmitting at least one of a microwave and lightwave energy signal comprises transmitting both a microwave and lightwave energy signal. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the step of storing said usable power in at least one storage device comprises storing said usable power in a capacitor, and discharging said capacitor into a battery. 