Systems and methods are provided for producing monocrystalline materials such as silicon, the monocrystalline materials being usable in semiconductor and photovoltaic applications. A crucible (50) is received in a furnace (10) for growing a monocrystalline ingot, the crucible (50) initially containing a single seed crystal (20) and feedstock material (90), where the seed crystal (20) is at least partially melted, and the feedstock material (90) is completely melted in the crucible (50), which is followed by a growth and solidification process. Growth of monocrystalline materials such as silicon ingots is achieved by directional solidification, in which heat extraction during growth phases is achieved using insulation (14) that is movable relative to a crucible (50) containing feedstock (90). A heat exchanger (200) also is provided to control heat extraction from the crucible (50) during the growth and solidification process to achieve monocrystalline growth.
Claims 1. A system for producing a monocrystalline ingot, comprising: a crucible provided in a furnace, the crucible configured to receive a single seed crystal and feedstock material; at least one heating element for heating and at least partially melting the seed crystal, and completely melting the feedstock material contained in the crucible; a heat exchanger for controlling heat extraction from the crucible, in order to promote growth of the monocrystalline ingot from the at least partially melted seed crystal and the feedstock material; and insulation contained in the furnace and configured to move relative to the crucible to promote cooling and directional solidification of the monocrystalline ingot. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the insulation is raised or lowered relative to the crucible. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the crucible includes a retainer for holding the crucible in the furnace. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the heat exchanger is operable in a plurality of stages to control a rate of melting of the seed crystal in the crucible. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein in one stage, a gas flows into the heat exchanger to prevent substantially complete melting of the seed crystal. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein in another stage, the gas flow into the heat exchanger is increased to promote directional solidification off the seed crystal. 7. The system of claim 1, further comprising a probe or thermocouple to monitor melting of the feedstock material and meltback of the seed crystal. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the feedstock material is a polycrystalline silicon feedstock. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the heat exchanger is a gas-cooled heat exchanger. 10. The system of claim 1, further comprising a heat exchanger block for supporting the crucible. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the insulation includes at least side insulation and insulation arranged under the heat exchanger block. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the side insulation is configured to move in a vertical direction relative to the heat exchanger block. 13. The system of claim 11, wherein the insulation arranged under the heat exchanger block is configured to move relative to the heat exchanger block. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein a shape of the crucible is one of a rectangular, conical, or tapered shape. 15. The system of claim 1, wherein the crucible has a seed well portion for securing the seed crystal during monocrystalline growth. 16. The system of claim 1, further comprising a support structure provided with the crucible for controlling heat flow. 17. A method for producing a monocrystalline ingot by directional solidification, comprising the steps of: placing a seed crystal and feedstock material in a crucible in a furnace; heating and at least partially melting the seed crystal, and completely melting the feedstock material contained in the crucible; operating a heat exchanger to control heat extraction from the crucible, in order to promote growth of the monocrystalline ingot from the at least partially melted seed crystal and the feedstock material; and providing movable insulation in the furnace, the insulation configured to move relative to the crucible to promote directional solidification of the monocrystalline ingot. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the insulation is raised or lowered relative to the crucible to promote directional solidification off the seed crystal. 19. The method of claim 17, wherein the step of operating the heat exchanger further comprises flowing a gas into the heat exchanger to prevent substantially complete melting of the seed crystal. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising increasing the gas flow into the heat exchanger to promote directional solidification of the seed crystal. 21. The method of claim 17, wherein the movable insulation includes at least side insulation and insulation arranged under a heat exchanger block. 22. The method of claim 21, further comprising the step of: raising or lowering the insulation arranged under the heat exchange block to promote directional solidification. 23. A method for producing a monocrystalline silicon ingot useful for photovoltaic applications, comprising the steps of: placing a seed crystal and silicon feedstock material in a crucible of a furnace; heating and at least partially melting the seed crystal, and completely melting the feedstock material contained in the crucible; operating a heat exchanger to control the melting of the seed crystal and the feedstock material by introducing a gas into the crucible at a controlled rate; and providing movable insulation in the furnace, the insulation configured to move relative to the crucible to promote directional solidification of the monocrystalline ingot. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein the rate of introduction of the gas into the heat exchanger is controlled by feedback obtained by monitoring melting of the feedstock material. 25. The method of claim 23, further comprising the step of increasing a flow of the gas into the heat exchanger to promote directional solidification off the seed crystal. 