A photovoltaic power system comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic power units each of which includes: a solar battery unit in which high-voltage output solar battery modules are connected in parallel with each other; and a conversion portion that converts a direct-current voltage output from the solar battery unit; and at least one transmission line which is disposed in parallel with the plurality of photovoltaic power units and to which each of the plurality of photovoltaic power units is connected.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic power system comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic power units each of which includes: a solar battery unit in which high-voltage output solar battery modules are connected in parallel with each other; and a conversion portion that converts a direct-current voltage output from the solar battery unit; and at least one transmission line which is disposed in parallel with the plurality of photovoltaic power units and to which each of the plurality of photovoltaic power units is connected. 2. The photovoltaic power system according to claim 1, wherein the high-voltage output solar battery modules are disposed in parallel with the transmission line. 3. The photovoltaic power system according to claim 1, wherein the transmission line is connected to a high-voltage transmission line. 4. The photovoltaic power system according to claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic power system interacts with a load or a power facility at a plurality of points via the transmission line or a high-voltage transmission line. 5. The photovoltaic power system according to claim 1, wherein an accumulator or a power facility is disposed in parallel with the solar battery unit. 6. The photovoltaic power system according to claim 1, wherein distribution control is performed by means of power from any of a system power supply and the solar battery unit via the transmission line. 7. The photovoltaic power system according to claim 5, wherein distribution control is performed by means of power from any of a system power supply, the solar battery unit, the accumulator and the power facility via the transmission line. 8. A photovoltaic power system comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic power units each of which includes: a solar battery unit in which a plurality of solar battery modules are are connected to each other; and a conversion portion that converts a direct-current voltage output from the solar battery unit; and one or more transmission lines which are disposed in parallel with the plurality of photovoltaic power units and to which each of the plurality of photovoltaic power units is connected; wherein at least one of the transmission lines is a super-conducting cable. 9. The photovoltaic power system according to claim 8, further comprising a refrigerant supply apparatus that supplies a refrigerant to the super-conducting cable; wherein as power for the refrigerant supply apparatus, the direct-current voltage output from the solar battery unit is used. 10. The photovoltaic power system according to claim 9, wherein part of the plurality of photovoltaic power units are photovoltaic power units that have a load; and the rest of the plurality of photovoltaic power units are photovoltaic power units that do not have a load. 11. The photovoltaic power system according to claim 8, wherein each of the plurality of photovoltaic power units includes an accumulation device. 12. The photovoltaic power system according to claim 8, wherein the conversion portion is an inverter apparatus. 13. The photovoltaic power system according to claim 8, wherein one of the transmission lines is a first transmission line, and another of the transmission lines is a second transmission line; wherein the second transmission line transmits a voltage higher than a voltage transmitted by the first transmission line, and is a super-conducting cable. 14. The photovoltaic power system according to claim 8, wherein the conversion portion is a DC/DC converter; and the transmission line is a direct-current transmission line. 