A flexible photovoltaic module for converting light into electricity includes a plurality of photovoltaic cells, a wiring harness, and a connection subsystem. The plurality of photovoltaic cells are electrically interconnected to form a positive node for supplying current to a load and a negative node for receiving current from the load. The wiring harness includes a plurality of flexible electrical conductors, each electrical conductor being electrically isolated within the wiring harness. The connection subsystem is operable to selectively connect the positive node to one of the electrical conductors of the wiring harness. A plurality of flexible photovoltaic modules may be connected to form a photovoltaic array.
Claims 1. A flexible photovoltaic module for converting light into electricity, comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic cells electrically interconnected to form a positive node for supplying current to a load and a negative node for receiving current from the load; a wiring harness including a plurality of flexible electrical conductors, each electrical conductor being electrically isolated within the wiring harness; and a connection subsystem for selectively connecting the positive node to one of the electrical conductors of the wiring harness. 2. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, the connection subsystem comprising a control box including at least one electrical connector for selectively connecting the positive node to one of the electrical connectors of the wiring harness. 3. The photovoltaic module of claim 2, the at least one electrical connector for selectively connecting the positive node to one of the electrical connectors of the wiring harness being a switch. 4. The photovoltaic module of claim 2, the control box further comprising a current limiting device for limiting the flow of electric current through the plurality of photovoltaic cells. 5. The photovoltaic module of claim 2, the control box further comprising a disconnect switch in electrical communication with the positive node for electrically disconnecting the photovoltaic cells from at least one of the electrical conductors of the wiring harness. 6. The photovoltaic module of claim 2, the control box further comprising an inverter for converting direct current electricity produced by the photovoltaic module into alternating current electricity. 7. The photovoltaic module of claim 2, the control box further comprising a monitoring device for monitoring the performance of the photovoltaic module. 8. The photovoltaic module of claim of 7, the monitoring device being operable to generate performance data of the photovoltaic module and transfer the performance data to a remote location. 9. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, further comprising a ground wiring harness including a ground wiring conductor, the ground wiring conductor being electrically connected to the negative node. 10. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, further comprising a low voltage tap for providing a low voltage power supply. 11. A process for forming a solar power electrical generation system at an installation site, comprising: disposing a first photovoltaic module at the installation site, the first photovoltaic module including a first wiring harness having a plurality of first electrical conductors and a first control box in electrical communication with the first electrical conductors; disposing a second photovoltaic module at the installation site proximate to the first photovoltaic module, the second photovoltaic module including a second wiring harness having a plurality of second electrical conductors corresponding to the first electrical conductors, the second photovoltaic module including a second control box in electrical communication with the second electrical conductors; electrically connecting the second electrical conductors of the second wiring harness to the corresponding first electrical conductors of the first wiring harness using the control box as a connection point; electrically connecting a positive node of the first photovoltaic module to one of the first electrical conductors of the first wiring harness using a selector switch of the first control box; and electrically connecting a positive node of the second photovoltaic module to one of the second electrical conductors of the second wiring harness using a selector switch of the second control box. 