A mobile service station includes a deployable structure configurable between a first closed configuration wherein the structure is a container having two side walls, a roof, a floor, a front wall and a rear wall, and a second deployed configuration as an operating service station. The station includes service station accessories mounted on at least one of the side walls. At least one side wall of the structure is foldable between a first vertical position, wherein the side wall acts as a vertical side wall for the closed configuration, and a second position wherein the side wall acts as additional floor space for the structure in the deployed configuration. The service station is adaptable for use as a high-end food stand, among other applications. A method configures the mobile service station.
Claims 1. A mobile service station, comprising: a deployable structure configurable between a first closed configuration wherein the structure is a container having two side walls, a roof, a floor, a front wall and a rear wall, and a second deployed configuration as an operating service station; service station accessories mounted on at least one of the side walls; wherein at least one side wall of the structure is foldable between a first vertical position, wherein the at least one side wall acts as a vertical side wall for the closed configuration, and a second position wherein the side wall acts as additional floor space for the structure in the deployed configuration. 2. The mobile service station according to claim 1, wherein the front wall has separable and deployable top and bottom portions. 3. The mobile service station according to claim 1, further comprising a deployable canopy that is deployed simultaneously with an opening of the side walls. 4. The mobile service station according to claim 1, wherein at least one of the accessories is a deployable bench. 5. The mobile service station according to claim 1, wherein one of the accessories is a table removably installable on the side wall. 6. The mobile service station according to claim 1, further comprising solar panels positioned on the roof of the service station for powering devices positioned in the service station. 7. A method for providing a mobile service station and configuring the service station, comprising the following steps: a) providing a mobile service station comprising: a deployable structure configurable between a first closed configuration wherein the structure is a container having two side walls, a roof, a floor, a front wall and a rear wall, and a second deployed configuration as an operating service station; service station accessories mounted on at least one of the side walls; wherein at least one side wall of the structure is foldable between a first vertical position, wherein the side wall acts as a vertical side wall in the closed configuration, and a second position wherein the side wall acts as additional floor space for the structure in the deployed configuration; b) mounting service station accessories on the interior of at least one side wall of the structure; c) configuring the structure as a transport container; d) transporting the transport container to an installation location; e) lowering at least one of the side walls of the structure from a substantially vertical position to a horizontal position such that the side wall defines an additional floor space upon which users of the service station may stand. 