Embodiments of the present invention generally relate to power conversion and, more particularly, to a method and apparatus for performing power conversion using an interleaved flyback converter with alternating master and slave branches. The apparatus comprises a plurality of parallel connected flyback circuits; a controller is coupled to the switches within the flyback circuits to turn-on and turn-off the plurality of flyback circuits; a current monitor element at the output connected to the controller; a voltage monitor element connected to the controller; based on monitored current and voltage the controller controls the operation of flyback circuit; slave circuit only turn-on when the power is higher than a threshold value; the master and slave circuits are alternating to even the usage of the circuits.
Claims 1. An interleaved flyback converter comprising: alternating master and slave branches. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of parallel connected flyback circuits. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising a controller that is coupled to at least two switches within the plurality of flyback circuits. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the switches turn-on and turn-off the plurality of flyback circuits. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the slave branch is a slave circuit that switches on when the power is higher than a threshold value. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the master branch is a master circuit that is on at power value different than the threshold value. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein the master and slave circuit are alternating to even a usage of the master and slave circuits. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein current and voltage are monitored by a circuit. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, further comprising a controller to control an on and an off state of each of the branches. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the apparatus is utilized as a DC-to-DC converter. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the branches are operated on an interleaved manner such that one branch is activated while the other branch is deactivated. 12. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the interleaved flyback converter is a DC-to-DC converter that converts DC voltage from a DC source to a DC voltage at an output. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the DC source is a photovoltaic (PV) panel. 14. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the output is connected to a DC-to-AC converter. 15. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: an input capacitor for storing energy. 16. An interleaved flyback converter that has alternating master and slave branches for a solar cell comprising; a plurality of parallel connected flyback circuits; a controller that is coupled to at least two switches within the plurality of flyback circuits, wherein the switches turn-on and turn-off the plurality of flyback circuits and wherein the slave branch is a slave circuit that turns-on when the power is higher than a threshold value, and wherein the master branch is a master circuit that is switched on at a predetermined value being different than the threshold value. 17. The converter of claim 16, wherein the master and slave circuit are alternating to even a usage of the master and slave circuits. 18. The converter of claim 17, wherein current and voltage are monitored by a circuit and further comprising a controller to control an on and off state of each of the branches. 19. A method comprising: providing a first flyback circuit that comprises a transformer, a switch, and a diode with an input of the first flyback circuit being is coupled in parallel with an input of a second flyback circuit; monitoring current and voltage; providing a controller being connected to the first and the second flyback circuit; and controlling of the first and second flyback circuits to achieve the alternating of master and slave branches. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising providing power conversion by controlling the first and second flyback circuits. 