A system for combining multiple direct current power sources is provided. The system is operable to combine multiple feeds from an array of power generating elements, such as solar panel arrays and combine the feeds into a single voltage output. The system includes a current monitoring assembly operable to monitor the current from each input to evaluate whether there is a malfunction or other problem associated with a particular output. An alarm or other signal can be provided to inform the operator of which power generating element in the array need to be analyzed.
Claims 1. A system for combining direct current power produced by a plurality of photovoltaic elements, comprising: an enclosure; a first terminal assembly for receiving a conductor of a first polarity from each of the photovoltaic elements, wherein the first terminal assembly is disposed within the enclosure; a second terminal assembly for receiving a conductor of a second polarity from each of the photovoltaic elements, wherein the second polarity is opposite the first polarity, and the second terminal assembly is disposed within the enclosure, and wherein the second terminal assembly comprises: a busbar in electrical communication with each of the conductors of a second polarity from the photovoltaic elements so that the direct current from the photovoltaic elements is combined to form a single current at the busbar, wherein the busbar comprises: a central conductive body; a plurality of elongated fingers projecting outwardly from the central conductive body; a plurality of over-current protection elements each connected to one of the conductors of a second polarity from one of the photovoltaic elements and one of the fingers of the busbar, wherein the over-current protection elements are operable to break the circuit between the busbar and the respective power producing photovoltaic element in the event the current from photovoltaic element exceeds a threshold, and wherein the fingers of the busbar are elongated to space the central conductive body of the busbar away from the over-current protection elements when the busbar fingers are connected with the over-current protection elements; and a plurality of Hall effect sensors, wherein the Hall effect sensors are spaced apart from one another and each Hall effect sensor is positioned adjacent a separate one of the busbar fingers so that each Hall effect sensor is operable to detect variations in the current flowing through one of the busbar fingers. 2. The system of claim 1 comprising an inverter for receiving the combined power from the first terminal assembly and the second terminal assembly and converting the current from direct current to alternating current. 3. The system of claim 1 comprising a control board operable to receive signals from the Hall effect sensors. 4. The system of claim 3 wherein the control board is operable to process the signals from the Hall effect sensors and provide an output identifying which of the photovoltaic elements needs to be analyzed based on the signals received from the Halls effect sensors. 5. The system of claim 3 wherein the control board comprises a communication element for communicating the data from the Hall effect sensors with a remote device. 6. The system of claim 5 wherein the remote device is a data logging element. 7. The system of claim 5 wherein the remote device is operable to provide an output to a user indicative of a malfunction in a particular photovoltaic element when the respective Hall effect sensor indicates a current below a predetermined threshold. 8. The system of claim 3 wherein the control board comprises a power supply element for receiving power from the busbar and providing power to the elements on the control board so that the voltage difference between the control board and the busbar is less than approximately 50 volts. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein the power supply provides power so that the voltage difference between the control board and the busbar is less than or equal to approximately 24 volts. 10. A system for combining direct current power produced by a plurality of photovoltaic elements, comprising: an enclosure; a busbar in the enclosure in electrical communication with a plurality of source circuits delivering power from the photovoltaic elements; a plurality of sensors adjacent the busbar for sensing the flow of current from each source circuit; an automatically controllable switching element for controlling the flow of electricity from the busbar; a controller operable to control the switching element in response to the current sensed by one of the sensors; wherein the controller is operable to control the switching element to open the switch to interrupt the flow of electricity from the busbar in response to one of the sensors detecting a current indicative of a fault in one of the circuits delivering power from the one or more photovoltaic elements. 11. The system of claim 10 where the switching element is a normally open contactor. 12. The system of claim 10 wherein the sensors comprise Hall effect sensors. 13. The system of claim 10 wherein the busbar comprises a plurality of separate elongated conductive elements spaced apart from one another wherein each conductive element is connected with a different source circuit and a separate sensor is mounted adjacent each conductive element. 14. The system of claim 10 wherein the controller is operable to control the switching element is response to one of the sensors detecting a current varying outside an acceptable range. 15. The system of claim 14 wherein the controller is operable to control the switching element in response to one of the sensors detecting a current varying outside an acceptable range within a predetermined time period. 16. The system of claim 10 wherein the switching element comprises a relay or a contactor. 17. The system of claim 16 wherein the switching element comprises a relay and a contactor. 18. A system for combining direct current power produced by a plurality of photovoltaic elements, comprising: an enclosure; a first terminal assembly for receiving a conductor of a first polarity from each of the photovoltaic elements; a second terminal assembly for receiving a conductor of a second polarity from each of the photovoltaic elements, and wherein the second terminal assembly comprises: a busbar in electrical communication with each of the conductors of a second polarity from the photovoltaic elements so that the direct current from the photovoltaic elements is combined to form a single current at the busbar, wherein the busbar comprises a plurality of elongated fingers projecting outwardly from a central conductive body: and a plurality of Hall effect sensors, wherein the Hall effect sensors are spaced apart from one another and each Hall effect sensor is positioned adjacent a separate one of the busbar fingers so that each Hall effect sensor is operable to detect variations in the current flowing through one of the busbar fingers. 19. The system of claim 18 comprising: a switching element switching element for controlling the flow of electricity from the busbar; a controller operable to control the switching element in response to the current sensed by one of the sensors; wherein the controller is operable to control the switching element to open the switch to interrupt the flow of electricity from the busbar in response to one of the sensors detecting a current indicative of a fault in one of the circuits delivering power from the one or more photovoltaic elements. 20. The system of claim 19 where the switching element is a normally open contactor. 21. The system of claim 19 wherein the controller is operable to control the switching element is response to one of the sensors detecting a current varying outside an acceptable range. 22. The system of claim 21 wherein the controller is operable to control the switching element in response to one of the sensors detecting a current varying outside an acceptable range within a predetermined time period. 23. The system of claim 18 wherein the switching element comprises a relay or a contactor. 24. The system of claim 23 wherein the switching element comprises a relay and a contactor. 