A method and apparatus for regulating an input voltage to a power conversion module. In one embodiment, the method comprises computing a voltage regulation threshold based on an output voltage for the power conversion module; comparing an input voltage of the power conversion module to the voltage regulation threshold; and generating, when the input voltage satisfies the voltage regulation threshold, an average input voltage less than the voltage regulation threshold, wherein the average input voltage is generated from the input voltage.
Claims 1. A method for regulating an input voltage to a power conversion module, comprising: computing a voltage regulation threshold based on an output voltage for the power conversion module; comparing an input voltage of the power conversion module to the voltage regulation threshold; and generating, when the input voltage satisfies the voltage regulation threshold, an average input voltage less than the voltage regulation threshold, wherein the average input voltage is generated from the input voltage. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein generating the average input voltage comprises driving at least one switch. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the average input voltage is generated via fully symmetric switching. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising determining a switching rate, based on the input voltage, for driving the at least one switch. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the output voltage is a lowest rectified line-to-line voltage of an AC line coupled to the power conversion module. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein the voltage regulation threshold is equal to a difference between the output voltage and a margin. 7. The method of claim 2, wherein the at least one switch is driven using at least one of pulse width modulation (PWM), Space Vector PWM, or predictive modulation. 8. Apparatus for regulating an input voltage to a power conversion module, comprising: a voltage regulator module for (i) computing a voltage regulation threshold based on an output voltage for the power conversion module; (ii) comparing an input voltage of the power conversion module to the voltage regulation threshold; and (iii) driving an input voltage regulator to generate, when the input voltage satisfies the voltage regulation threshold, an average input voltage less than the voltage regulation threshold, wherein the average input voltage is generated from the input voltage. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, further comprising the input voltage regulator, wherein the voltage regulator module drives at least one switch of the input voltage regulator to generate the average input voltage. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the input voltage regulator provides fully symmetric switching. 11. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the voltage regulator module determines a switching rate, based on the input voltage, for driving the at least one switch to generate the average input voltage. 12. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the output voltage is a lowest rectified line-to-line voltage of an AC line coupled to the power conversion module. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the voltage regulation threshold is equal to a difference between the output voltage and a margin. 14. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the at least one switch is driven using at least one of pulse width modulation (PWM), Space Vector PWM, or predictive modulation. 15. A system for regulating an input voltage, comprising: at least one photovoltaic module; an inverter, coupled to the at least one photovoltaic (PV) module and receiving an input voltage from the at least one PV module, wherein the inverter comprises a voltage regulator module for (i) computing a voltage regulation threshold based on an output voltage; (ii) comparing the input voltage to the voltage regulation threshold; and (iii) driving an input voltage regulator to generate, when the input voltage satisfies the voltage regulation threshold, an average input voltage less than the voltage regulation threshold, wherein the average input voltage is generated from the input voltage. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the inverter further comprises the input voltage regulator, and wherein the voltage regulator module drives at least one switch of the input voltage regulator to generate the average input voltage. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the input voltage regulator provides fully symmetric switching. 18. The system of claim 16, wherein the voltage regulator module determines a switching rate, based on the input voltage, for driving the at least one switch to generate the average input voltage. 19. The system of claim 15, wherein the output voltage is a lowest rectified line-to-line voltage of an AC line coupled to the inverter. 20. The system of claim 20, wherein the voltage regulation threshold is equal to a difference between the output voltage and a margin. 