A power generating system is manufactured and operated within an exterior shell or facade of a building structure. The system components--energy generating devices (which can be photovoltaic), control units and associated power/signal wiring are incorporated and operated within individual unitized curtain wall units making up the facade
Claims 1. A method of operating a building integrated power generating system comprising: providing a plurality of unitized curtain wall elements defining at least a portion of an exterior shell for a building structure; wherein said unitized curtain wall elements are hung from and situated in front of the building structure; operating a plurality of energy conversion devices integrated and contained within said plurality of unitized curtain wall elements; each of said plurality of energy conversion devices being coupled to an associated power control module that is mounted directly thereon and is adapted to optimize and report on a power output of a respective one of such plurality of energy conversion devices; wherein a plurality of associated power control modules for said plurality of energy conversion devices are also integrated and contained within said unitized curtain wall elements; operating a management unit coupled to a plurality of associated power control modules and also integrated and contained within said unitized curtain wall elements, which management unit is adapted to process said report and control an array of energy conversion devices; wherein the power generating system is operated within said plurality of unitized curtain wall elements. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein said plurality of energy conversion devices can be selectively activated or de-activated by said corresponding power control modules on an individual basis or a floor by floor basis. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein said plurality of energy conversion devices are photovoltaic devices and can be selectively activated or de-activated based on shading, cleaning and/or scheduled maintenance. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein said power control module receives power and signals from an energy conversion device both by physical connection and wireless connection. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein said power control module is physically attached to and/or a part of a photovoltaic module containing a solar energy conversion device. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein said power control module is coupled to a management unit adapted to control an entire array of energy conversion devices. 7. The method of claim 6 wherein said management unit is coupled to an automated DC disconnect adapted to activate and deactivate an entire array of energy conversion devices. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein said management unit is coupled to a remote server adapted to monitor said array. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein said unitized curtain wall elements are interconnected in a continuous grid entirely within said exterior shell. 10. The method of claim 9 wherein said continuous grid extends across an entire floor. 11. A method of making a building integrated photovoltaic power generating system comprising: providing a plurality of interconnected unitized curtain wall units defining at least a portion of an exterior shell for a building structure; wherein said unitized curtain wall units are hung from and situated in front of the building structure; each of said plurality of interconnected unitized curtain wall units having an integrated photovoltaic energy conversion device contained therein; providing a control module associated with and coupled to each integrated photovoltaic energy conversion device, which control module is adapted to optimize and report on a power output of such photovoltaic energy conversion device within a solar power generating array; said control module also being integrated and contained within said interconnected unitized curtain wall units and including electrical wiring for transmitting power and reporting information output from an associated integrated photovoltaic energy conversion device of said solar power generating array; providing a management unit coupled to a plurality of said control modules and also integrated and contained within said unitized curtain wall elements, which management unit is adapted to process said reporting information and optimize an output of said solar power generating array. 12. The method of claim 11 wherein said unitized curtain wall units are interconnected in a two dimensional continuous grid entirely within said exterior shell. 13. The method of claim 11 wherein said control modules mitigate effects of shading on said integrated photovoltaic energy conversion device. 14. The method of claim 11 wherein said control modules are attached directly to said associated integrated photovoltaic energy conversion device. 15. The method of claim 11 wherein said control modules are mounted within a wireway or raceway integrated within said unitized curtain wall units. 16. The method of claim 11 wherein at least some input/output control signals from said control modules are communicated wirelessly between such control module and said integrated photovoltaic energy device. 17. The method of claim 11 wherein said power output is returned to a utility grid. 18. The method of claim 11 wherein at least a portion of said power output is used to power outlets and/or mechanical systems in the building structure. 19. The method of claim 11 wherein the system is compliant with Underwriters Laboratories (UL) requirements and does not require additional UL certification or inspection prior to operation. 