A portable power supply device comprises a stackable battery housing locating a plurality of batteries therein and an inverter housing locating an inverter therein which is arranged to convert the direct current from the batteries to an alternating current. The inverter housing is readily separable from the battery housing such that one or more battery housings can be readily interchangeable to provide a constant supply of power and to allow a variety of charging configurations of the batteries. First electrical connectors on the battery housing and second electrical connectors on the inverter housing automatically connect the inverter to the batteries upon stacking of the inverter housing on the battery housing. Furthermore charging terminals are mounted externally on the inverter housing for ready access to connect to a charging device in a convenient manner without requiring the housings to be opened or separated form one another.
Claims 1. A portable power supply device comprising: at least one battery arranged to supply a direct current; a battery housing supporting said at least one battery therein; a power inverter arranged to convert the direct current from said at least one battery to an alternating current; an inverter housing supporting the power inverter therein; the inverter housing being arranged to be supported on the battery housing in a working position such that the inverter housing is readily separable from the battery housing; first connectors on the battery housing in electrical communication with said at least one battery; and second connectors on the inverter housing in electrical communication with the power converter; the first and second connectors being arranged to mate such that said at least one battery is in electrical communication with the power inverter in the working position. 2. The device according to claim 1 wherein the first and second connectors are arranged for relative sliding movement between a connected position and a released position thereof. 3. The device according to claim 1 wherein one of the first and second connectors comprises a male connector and one of the first and second connectors comprises a female connector. 4. The device according to claim 3 wherein the first connectors each comprises a male connector and the second connectors each comprises a female connector. 5. The device according to claim 1 wherein the first connectors are located in a top side of the battery housing and the second connectors are located in a bottom side of the inverter housing, the first and second connectors being arranged for mating engagement when the bottom side of the inverter housing is supported in engagement upon the top side of the battery housing. 6. The device according to claim 1 wherein there is provided a plurality of first mounts on the battery housing and a plurality of second mounts on the inverter housing, the first and second mounts being arranged for mating engagement so as to fix position of the inverter housing relative to the battery housing in the working position. 7. The device according to claim 6 wherein the first and second connectors and the first and second mounts are arranged for relative sliding movement in a vertical direction between a connected position and a released position thereof. 8. The device according to claim 1 wherein said at least one battery comprises a plurality of batteries connected to the first connectors in a parallel with one another using connector wires, the connector wires of the batteries being equal in length relative to one another. 9. The device according to claim 1 wherein the inverter comprises a plurality of input terminals and a plurality of outer terminals connected to the second connectors using connector wires, the connector wires of the inverter being equal in length relative to one another. 10. The device according to claim 1 wherein there is provided a charging terminal connector in parallel with each mating pair of first and second connectors, the charging terminals being arranged for connection to an external source of electrical current. 11. The device according to claim 10 wherein the charging terminals are supported externally on one of the housings. 12. The device according to claim 10 wherein the charging terminals are supported on the inverter housing so as to be readily separable from the battery housing together with the inverter. 13. The device according to claim 10 in combination with an external source of electrical current connected to the charging terminals so as to be readily separable therefrom. 14. The device according to claim 13 wherein the external source of electrical current is arranged for connection directly to the charging terminals and for connection directly to the first connectors on the battery housing when the inverter housing is separated from the battery housing. 15. The device according to claim 13 wherein the external source of electrical current comprises a solar powered generator. 16. The device according to claim 13 wherein the external source of electrical current comprise a wind powered generator. 17. The device according to claim 1 in combination with an auxiliary housing supporting at least one battery therein and having first connectors in electrical communication with said at least one battery so as to be similar in configuration to the battery housing, the inverter housing being arranged to be supported on either one of the auxiliary housing or the battery housing such that the second connectors mate with the respective ones of the first connectors. 18. The device according to claim 17 wherein there is provided a charging device arranged to charge said at least one battery of either one of the battery housing or the auxiliary housing when the inverter housing is supported on the other one of the battery housing and the auxiliary housing. 19. The device according to claim 1 wherein there is provided a plurality of latch members arranged to be coupled between the inverter housing and the battery housing so as to retain the inverter housing on the battery housing in the working position. 20. The device according to claim 1 wherein the battery housing is supported on wheels for rolling movement along the ground and the inverter housing is supported above the battery housing. 21. The device according to claim 1 wherein the battery housing comprises a lower portion arranged to support said at least one battery thereon and an upper portion fastened to the lower portion and arranged to support the inverter housing thereon. 22. The device according to claim 21 wherein the lower portion comprises a bottom wall supporting said at least one battery thereon and a pair of end walls extending upwardly from the bottom wall at opposing ends of the bottom wall and the upper portion comprises a top wall arranged to span between the end walls spaced above the bottom wall and a pair of side walls extending downwardly from opposing sides of the top wall walls so as to be received between the end walls at opposing sides of the lower portion, the top wall and the side walls of the upper portion being readily separable together from the bottom wall and the end walls of the lower portion. 23. The device according to claim 1 wherein the inverter housing comprises a lower portion comprising a bottom wall supporting the inverter thereon and being arranged for mating connection on the battery housing and an upper portion comprising a top wall and a pair of side walls extending downwardly from opposing sides of the top wall so as to support the top wall spaced above the bottom wall, the top wall and the side walls of the upper portion being readily separable together from the lower portion. 24. The device according to claim 1 wherein there is provided a plurality of second connectors on the battery housing in electrical communication with said at least one battery, the second connectors on the battery housing being arranged to be coupled to the first connectors of a second battery housing of like configuration such that both battery housings can be connected in parallel with the inverter housing. 25. The device according to claim 24 wherein the first connectors of each battery housing are located in a top side of the battery housing, the second connectors of each battery housing are located in a bottom side of the battery housing and the second connectors of the inverter housing are located in a bottom side of the inverter housing such that the first connectors of a first one of the battery housings are arranged to be aligned for mating connection with the second connectors of the inverter housing when the inverter housing is stacked thereon and such that the first connectors of a second one of the battery housings are arranged to be aligned for mating connection with the second connectors of the first one of the battery housings when the first one of the battery housings is stacked on the second one of the battery housings. 26. The device according to claim 1 wherein the inverter housing is arranged to be supported on a top side of the battery housing and wherein the battery housing comprises a pair of mounting channels extending along opposing sides of the battery housing to depend downwardly from a bottom wall of the battery housing, the pair of mounting channels being arranged to receive a top end of a second battery housing of like configuration therebetween so as to be arranged to align the battery housing relative to the second battery housing of like configuration in a stacked configuration of the battery housings. 27. The device according to claim 26 wherein there is provided a wheel mounting aperture in each of the mounting channels arranged to rotatably mount a wheel on the battery housing so as to support the battery housing for rolling movement along the ground. 28. The device according to claim 1 wherein the first connectors on the battery housing comprise a negative first connector in a top side of the battery housing in communication with a negative terminal of said at least one battery and a positive first connector in the top side of the battery housing in communication with a positive terminal of said at least one battery and wherein the second connectors on the inverter housing comprise a positive second connector and a negative second connector in a bottom side of the inverter housing, the connectors being aligned so as to be arranged for mating connection when the inverter housing is stacked upon the battery housing. 29. The device according to claim 28 wherein each of the first connectors comprises a conductive contact element supported in respective vertical channels in an insulated housing by a respective stop member of plastic material, the stop member of the negative first connector being smaller than the stop member of the positive first connector such that the negative first connector is arranged to be releasable from the respective insulated housing prior to the positive first connector responsive to high temperature resulting from a high current flow through the conductive contact element. 