A SiNx film as a barrier film is provided. The film is formed at a low process temperature, has a high water vapor barrier performance and a high light transmittance, and is useful for sealing of a substrate formed by a flexible organic material, such as a plastic substrate. A barrier film is formed by silicon nitride (SiNx) having an atom ratio [N/(Si+N)] indicating a ratio of nitrogen N to silicon Si in the range of 0.60 to 0.65, by using a surface wave plasma chemical vapor deposition (CVD) device.
Claims 1. A barrier film, comprising silicon nitride, wherein an atom ratio [N/(Si+N)] indicating a ratio of nitrogen N to silicon Si is in the range of 0.60 to 0.65. 2. The barrier film according to claim 1, wherein the silicon nitride is formed by using a surface wave plasma chemical vapor deposition (CVD) device; and the surface wave plasma CVD apparatus comprises: a dielectric window, for introducing microwave; a discharging gas outlet, for emitting a discharging gas; a film formation gas outlet, for emitting a film formation gas; a stage, for mounting a substrate; and a variable means, for changing a distance between the stage and surface wave plasma formed near the dielectric window with the discharging gas emitted from the discharging gas outlet; and the silicon nitride is formed on the substrate mounted on the stage by reacting a Sin.sub.4 gas and a NH.sub.3 gas emitted from the film formation gas outlet with free radicals formed with the surface wave plasma. 3. The barrier film according to claim 2, wherein: the distance between the stage and the surface wave plasma is adjusted by using the variable means, to form the barrier film in a state that the temperature of the substrate mounted on the stage is equal to or lower than 200.degree. C. 4. A transparent substrate sealed with a barrier film, wherein the barrier film is a barrier film according to claim 1. 5. A transparent substrate sealed with a barrier film, wherein the barrier film is a barrier film according to claim 2. 6. A transparent substrate sealed with a barrier film, wherein the barrier film is a barrier film according to claim 3. 7. The transparent substrate sealed with a barrier film according to claim 4, wherein the transparent substrate is a plastic substrate. 8. The transparent substrate sealed with a barrier film according to claim 5, wherein the transparent substrate is a plastic substrate. 9. The transparent substrate sealed with a barrier film according to claim 6, wherein the transparent substrate is a plastic substrate. 10. A film for sealing a flexible device, comprising a barrier film according to claim 1 formed on a surface thereof. 11. A film for sealing a flexible device, comprising a barrier film according to claim 2 formed on a surface thereof. 12. A film for sealing a flexible device, comprising a barrier film according to claim 3 formed on a surface thereof. 13. A flexible semiconductor device, sealed by a barrier film according to claim 1. 14. A flexible semiconductor device, sealed by a barrier film according to claim 2. 15. A flexible semiconductor device, sealed by a barrier film according to claim 3. 16. The flexible semiconductor device according to claim 13, wherein the flexible semiconductor device is any one of an organic semiconductor-containing light emitting device, an organic semiconductor-containing photovoltaic conversion device, an organic semiconductor-containing current control device, or an organic electroluminescent (EL) device. 17. The flexible semiconductor device according to claim 14, wherein the flexible semiconductor device is any one of an organic semiconductor-containing light emitting device, an organic semiconductor-containing photovoltaic conversion device, an organic semiconductor-containing current control device, or an organic electroluminescent (EL) device. 18. The flexible semiconductor device according to claim 15, wherein the flexible semiconductor device is any one of an organic semiconductor-containing light emitting device, an organic semiconductor-containing photovoltaic conversion device, an organic semiconductor-containing current control device, or an organic electroluminescent (EL) device. 19. A method for forming a barrier film according to claim 2, wherein a flow rate ratio of a SiH.sub.4 gas to a NH.sub.3 gas is adjusted to form the barrier film comprising silicon nitride by using a surface wave plasma chemical vapor deposition (CVD) apparatus. 20. A method for forming a barrier film according to claim 3, wherein a flow rate ratio of a SiH.sub.4 gas to a NH.sub.3 gas is adjusted to form the barrier film comprising silicon nitride by using a surface wave plasma chemical vapor deposition (CVD) apparatus. 