A self-sustaining, portable, power station that may be moved by land, air, or sea to an area that has no utilities. The station is provided with solar panel arrays in communication with at least one electrical distribution and storage means. The derived electricity is used to power various systems including, albeit not limited to, a communications system, a water filtration system, a water distribution system to allow the public to draw potable water and provide basic hygiene. The electricity derived may also be used to run outside systems, such as schools, hospitals, or the like. The solar panel arrays are mounted on roller assemblies that can be easily slide between a stowed and deployed condition. The solar arrays include a plurality of solar panels that are supported by one or more hydraulic actuators to counter balance the weight of the solar panel whereby the solar panel can be easily positioned into the desired tilted orientation.
Claims 1. A portable, self sustaining power and communications station comprising: a transportable container; said container including a plurality of mounts to support a plurality of solar panels positioned on said container; said mounts configured to allow said solar panels to be moved between a stowed and deployed position, means to selectively secure said solar panels in either a storage position or in a deployed sunlight collecting position; said transportable container also including electrical storage device; said electrical storage device being electrically connected to said plurality of solar panels; said electrical storage device storing electrical energy generated from said plurality of solar panels; a telecommunications system electrically connected to and powered by said electrical storage device, at least one of said plurality of solar panels mounted stationary on a top surface of said container, said container having a plurality of compartments at different heights relative to the top surface of the container, each of said compartments including a sliding mechanism supporting one or more solar panels for reciprocating movement in a horizontal plane from a position completely within the compartment, when stowed, to a position substantially fully extending from said compartment when the solar panel is deployed position and, said transportable container includes a water treatment system, said sliding mechanism including a roller assembly comprised of a left and right roller tube each containing a plurality of rollers, some of said rollers having a roller surface that extends above said roller tubes while the other of said rollers having a roller surface that extends below said roller tubes, said roller assembly further including one or more hydraulic actuators that provide sufficient force to counter balance the weight of the solar panel thereby facilitating tilting of the panels within the roller assembly. 2. The portable, self sustaining power and communications station of claim 1, wherein said transportable container includes an engine, an electrical generator powered by said engine and a fuel tank to power said engine, whereby said engine driven electrical generator can supply peak or supplemental power when the power produced by the solar panels is not sufficient and/or the power contained in the electrical storage device is insufficient. 3. The portable, self sustaining power and communications station of claim 2 wherein said plurality of solar panels, said engine driven electrical generator and said electrical storage device are electrically connected via control panels and a main power distribution panel mounted within said transportable container. 4. The portable, self sustaining power and communications station of claim 1, wherein the fuel tank and engine exhaust are vented to a location external of the transportable container. 5. The portable, self sustaining power and communications station of claim 4, wherein said fuel tank and engine driven electrical generator are located within a separate sound insulated compartment within said transportable container. 6. The portable, self sustaining power and communications station of claim 1, wherein said electrical storage device is comprised of a plurality of batteries that are housed on a rack and secured thereto by straps. 7. The portable, self sustaining power and communications station of claim 1, wherein said water treatment system includes a multiple stage filtration process which includes halogen-based chemical, ozone, ultra filtration, and ultraviolet treatment. 8. The portable, self sustaining power and communications station of claim 3, wherein the distribution panel includes an electrical bus for wiring all the electrical devices on the power and communications station including lights, radios, water treatment, and electrical receptacles contained with the container and mounted exterior of the container, said bus also including a DC to AC power converter. 9. The portable, self sustaining power and communications system of claim 3, wherein said transportable container also includes a ventilation system, said ventilation system including air sensors for monitoring air quality and filters for removing air borne contaminants as well as providing heating and cooling of the environment within the transportable container. 10. The portable, self sustaining power and communications system of claim 1, wherein the telecommunications systems includes one or more pieces of telecommunications equipment from a group consisting of microwave, satellite, two-way, radio/TV, teletype, facsimile and land line connections. 11. The portable, self sustaining power and communications system of claim 10, wherein at least one communication antenna is mounted on the roof of the transportable container. 12. The portable, self sustaining power and communications system of claim 1, wherein said container includes a working a living area for an operational crew, said working a living area including a bathroom and beds. 13. The portable, self sustaining power and communications system of claim 1, wherein each of said solar panels include retractable support legs which are positioned perpendicularly to a plane of the solar panels when they are in the deployed position to provide stability for the solar panels. 14. The portable, self sustaining power and communications system of claim 1, wherein a plurality of leveling jacks are located about the perimeter of said container to anchor and level the transportable container on site. 15. The portable, self sustaining power and communications station of claim 1, wherein said transportable container is a standard marine shipping container. 16. The portable, self sustaining power and communications station of claim 16, wherein said transportable container is approximately 20 to 40 feet in length, 8 feet wide and 8.5 feet high. 17. The portable, self sustaining power and communications station of claim 1, wherein transportable container has four of said compartments. 