System which comprises a plurality of devices for acquiring (1) identifiers of transmitter devices (2) by means of radio frequency in the 2.4 GHz band, these acquisition devices (1) being connected to a central management computer (3) for sending the captured identifiers of the transmitter devices (2) in form of tags (32) in order to include the latter in a database (31). The method comprises the stages of: --acquiring the identifier of the transmitter devices (2) at particular points; --extracting the exclusive part; --encrypting said exclusive part in a tag (32); --sending the tag (32), acquisition point and time (33) to a database (31) of a central computer (3); --comparing the tag (32) and time (33) with the previously stored data in the database (31).
Claims 1. System for monitoring people and/or vehicles in urban environments, characterised in that it comprises a plurality of devices (1) for acquiring the identifiers of transmitter devices (2) by radio frequency in the 2.4 GHz band, which are often carried by people and vehicles, these acquiring devices (1) being connected to a central management computer (3) for sending the captured identifiers of the transmitter devices (2) in the form of tags (32) for their incorporation in a database (31); and wherein each acquiring device (1) comprises a short-range multi-format transducer (11) in the 2.4 GHz band, at least one transmission and reception antenna (12), a processor (13) for operation and encryption, a long-range telecommunications device (14) and an electrical power source (15); and in that the central computer (3) comprises a database (31) of the tags (32) with the acquisition times (33) and the geographical position (34) of the corresponding acquiring device (1). 2. System according to claim 1, characterised in that the acquiring device (1) is housed within a weatherproof casing (16). 3. System according to claim 1, characterised in that the operational range of the transducer (11) is less than 50 meters. 4. System according to claim 1, characterised in that the acquiring device (1) comprises two transducers (11) with their corresponding antennae (12) separated from each other to detect the direction of motion of the transmitter device (2) captured. 5. System according to claim 1, characterised in that the electrical power supply (15) comprises a photovoltaic panel and batteries. 6. System according to claim 1, characterised in that the acquiring device (1) comprises a global positioning device (17). 7. System according to claim 1, characterised in that the telecommunications device (14) is an Internet connection. 8. Method for monitoring people and/or vehicles in urban environments, characterised in that it comprises the following stages: acquiring at certain points the identifiers of the transmitter devices (2) in the 2.4 GHz band that enter the operational range of the acquiring devices (1) installed: extracting at least the exclusive part of said identifier from the identifier; encrypting said exclusive part of the identifier in a unique tag (32); sending the unique tag (32), an acquisition point identifier and acquisition time (33) by the acquiring device (1) to a central computer (3) for its inclusion and processing in a database (31); comparing in the database (31) the tag (32) and the time (33) corresponding with the previously stored data in order to determine whether the transmitter device has previously been in another acquisition point (1), thereby calculating the conditions of its motion and traffic based on the time difference and the distance between the two acquisition points (1). 9. Method according to claim 8, characterised in that the identifier of the transmitter device (2) is the public part of the MAC address of said transmitter device (2). 10. Method according to claim 8, characterised in that the encryption is performed by asymmetrical cryptography. 11. Method according to claim 8, characterised in that the comparison comprises classifying the tags (32) according to the speed of motion calculated for the corresponding transmitter device between two acquisition points. 