Systems and methods for solar water purification are described. In one exemplary aspect, the system includes a sun-tracking reflecting mirror unit, and a two-axis Fresnel concentrator mirror unit to collect sunlight reflected from the sun-tracking reflecting mirror unit and focus the sunlight. A central water purification boiler module includes a heating zone upon which the sunlight is focused by the two-axis Fresnel concentrator mirror unit. The focused sunlight heats the water contained therein to create steam which is redirected to heat water coming into the boiler and to condense as purified water.
Claims 1. A solar water purification system comprising: a sun-tracking reflecting mirror unit; a two-axis Fresnel concentrator mirror unit collecting sunlight reflected from the sun-tracking reflecting mirror unit and focusing the sunlight; and a central water purification boiler module comprising a heating zone, upon which the sunlight is focused by the two-axis Fresnel concentrator mirror unit, heating water contained therein to create steam which is redirected to heat water coming into the boiler and to condense the steam into purified water. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the sun-tracking reflecting mirror unit is mounted on a sun-facing surface and the two-axis Fresnel concentrator mirror unit is mounted on a surface generally opposite the sun-facing surface, with the central water purification boiler module fixed therebetween. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the sun-tracking reflecting mirror unit and the two-axis Fresnel concentrator mirror unit are mounted on a circular track opposite one another, with the central water purification boiler module fixed therebetween. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the two-axis Fresnel concentrator mirror unit is mounted on a back of a support structure for another sun-tracking reflecting mirror unit. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the two-axis Fresnel concentrator mirror unit comprises a plurality of flat mirrors oriented to reflect incident radiation along two intersecting axes, generally intersecting at the heating zone of the central water purification boiler module. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the sun-tracking reflecting mirror comprising a plurality of generally parallel disposed, generally rectangular mirror slides, each mirror slide pivotally mounted along an axis of the mirror slide, the plurality of slides connected together to pivot together. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the central water purification boiler module is coaxial, comprising an inner column holding water to be purified and an outer jacket to which the steam is redirected to heat water in the inner column and to condense the steam into purified water. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the central water purification boiler module comprises spaced apart outer columns holding water to be purified and a central steam condenser column between the outer columns, the steam being redirected into the steam condenser column to heat water in the outer columns and to condense the steam into purified water. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the central water purification boiler module comprises an outer casing and an inner steam condensing tube, water to be purified disposed in a space between the outer casing and the inner steam condensing tube, the steam being redirected into the steam condenser tube to heat water disposed in the in the space between the outer casing and the inner steam condensing tube and to condense the steam into purified water. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the central water purification boiler module comprises a hollow base and a hollow tower in fluid flow communication with the hollow base, the tower extending upwardly from the base and defining the heating zone in an upper portion of the tower, the base and tower receiving water to be purified up into the heating zone, the central water purification boiler module further comprising a steam collection pipe collecting steam from a top of the tower and redirecting the steam downward into a steam condensation coil, the coil immersed in water to be purified heating the water to be purified and condensing the steam in the coil into purified water. 11. A cascaded solar water purification system comprising: a plurality of sun-tracking reflecting mirror units; a plurality of two-axis Fresnel concentrator mirror units, each two-axis Fresnel concentrator mirror unit mounted generally vertical to a side of a sun-tracking mirror unit support structure opposite a supported sun-tracking mirror unit, each of the a two-axis Fresnel concentrator mirror unit collecting sunlight reflected from another sun-tracking reflecting mirror unit and focusing the sunlight; and a plurality of water purification boiler modules, each comprising a heating zone upon which the sunlight is focused by an associated two-axis Fresnel concentrator mirror unit, heating water contained therein to create steam which is redirected to heat water coming into the water purification boiler module and to condense the steam into purified water. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein each of the two-axis Fresnel concentrator mirror units comprises a plurality of flat mirrors oriented to reflect incident radiation along two intersecting axes, generally intersecting at the heating zone of an associated water purification boiler module. 13. The system of claim 11, wherein each of the sun-tracking reflecting mirror units comprise a plurality of generally parallel disposed, generally rectangular mirror slides, each mirror slide pivotally mounted along an axis of the mirror slide, the plurality of slides connected together to pivot together. 14. The system of claim 11, wherein the cascaded solar water purification system is mounted on a floating platform floating in a lake of water to be purified. 15. The system of claim 11, further comprising at least one suction pipe providing water to be purified to the plurality of water purification boiler modules, suction of the water to be purified by the suction pipe, tangential to the platform, rotating the platform to track the sun. 16. A solar water purification method comprising: tracking the sun with a reflecting mirror unit; reflecting sunlight using the reflecting mirror unit to a two-axis Fresnel concentrator mirror unit; collecting sunlight reflected from the reflecting mirror unit using the two-axis Fresnel concentrator mirror unit; focusing collected sunlight on a heating zone of a water purification boiler module using the two-axis Fresnel concentrator mirror unit; pumping water into the heating zone of the water purification boiler module; heating the water in the heating zone of the water purification boiler module using focused sunlight from the two-axis Fresnel concentrator mirror unit to produce steam; and redirecting the steam to heat water being pumped into the heating zone and to condense the steam into purified water. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the two-axis Fresnel concentrator mirror unit reflects incident radiation along two intersecting axes, generally intersecting at the heating zone of the water purification boiler module. 18. The method of claim 16, further comprising: mounting the sun-tracking reflecting mirror unit on a sun-facing surface; mounting the two-axis Fresnel concentrator mirror unit on a surface generally opposite the sun-facing surface; and fixing the water purification boiler module therebetween. 19. The method of claim 16, further comprising: mounting the sun-tracking reflecting mirror unit and the two-axis Fresnel concentrator mirror unit on a circular track opposite one another; and fixing the water purification boiler module therebetween. 20. The method of claim 16, further comprising mounting the two-axis Fresnel concentrator mirror unit on a back of a support structure for another sun-tracking reflecting mirror unit. 