A solar energy power generation system generates AC electrical power from solar radiation through the use of parabolic troughs to capture the energy and a fluid turbine to convert the solar energy to mechanical energy. The turbine is directly coupled to a generator to produce AC electrical power.
Claims 1. A solar power system comprising: one or more solar collectors, each solar collector comprising (a) one or more support structures for securely mounting the solar collector to a surface, (b) a reflective parabolic trough for concentrating solar energy along a focal axis and attached to the support structure(s) to allow rotation of the reflective parabolic trough around a longitudinal axis, (c) one or more receiver tubes attached to the reflective parabolic trough along the focal axis, wherein each receiver tube comprises (i) a metal tube having an inlet, an outlet and a solar absorption coating, and (ii) a transparent tube having a first seal and a second seal to vacuum or hermetically seal the metal tube between approximately the inlet and the outlet within the transparent tube, and (d) a motor operably connected to the reflective parabolic trough to rotate the reflective parabolic trough around the longitudinal axis; a solar tracking device having one or more sensors to control the motor to align each solar collector to maximize the solar energy collected by the one or more receiver tubes; a fluid/vapor turbine having a drive shaft, a fluid/vapor inlet connected to the outlet of the receiver tube(s) and a fluid/vapor outlet connected to the inlet of the receiver tube(s); a generator connected to the drive shaft of the fluid/vapor turbine and having one or more electrical output terminals; and a controller connected to the motor, the solar tracking device, the fluid/vapor turbine and the generator to monitor and control the system. 2. The solar power system as recited in claim 1, wherein the reflective parabolic trough further comprises a reflective coating on a surface facing the focal axis. 3. The solar power system as recited in claim 1, wherein: the reflective parabolic trough is made of aluminum or an aluminum alloy; and the reflective parabolic trough has an aperture of approximately four feet, a length of approximately 12 feet, a rim angle to approximately 82.5 degrees, a focal length of approximately 1.14 feet and a surface area facing the focal axis of 62.8 square feet. 4. The solar power system as recited in claim 1, wherein two receiver tubes are attached together on each solar collector. 5. The solar power system as recited in claim 1, wherein: the metal tube is made of aluminum or an aluminum alloy; the solar absorption coating is applied to the entire surface of the metal tube; and the transparent tube comprises a borosilicate glass. 6. The solar power system as recited in claim 1, further comprising one or more metallic fins having the solar absorption coating attached to the metal tube. 7. The solar power system as recited in claim 1, wherein the one or more sensors of the solar tracking device comprises three or more photosensitive diodes disposed on the reflective parabolic trough such that when the reflective parabolic through is properly aligned: at least a first of the photosensitive diodes is positioned within a center of a shadow cast by the receiver tube(s), a least a second of the photosensitive diodes is positioned within and near a first edge of the shadow cast by the receiver tube(s), and a least a third of the photosensitive diodes is positioned within and near a second edge of the shadow cast by the receiver tube(s). 8. The solar power system as recited in claim 1, wherein the solar tracking device will position the solar collector at a previously recorded time-based position whenever the one or more sensors do not provide a position to maximize the solar energy collected by the receiver tube(s). 9. The solar power system as recited in claim 1, wherein the solar tracking device aligns each solar collector to maximize the solar energy collected by the receiver tube(s) regardless of weather conditions. 10. The solar power system as recited in claim 1, wherein the controller positions each solar collector to minimize damage in potentially damaging weather. 11. The solar power system as recited in claim 1, wherein the fluid/vapor turbine comprises a Tesla or Sterling engine. 12. The solar power system as recited in claim 1, wherein the fluid/vapor turbine, the generator and the controller are enclosed in a weatherproof housing suitable for outdoor or attic installation. 13. The solar power system as recited in claim 1, further comprising a user interface installed on a user device communicably coupled to the controller. 14. The solar power system as recited in claim 13, wherein: the user device comprises a computer, a laptop, a PDA, a phone, a mobile communications device or other electronic device; and the user device is communicably coupled to the controller via a direct connection, a network connection, a USB connection, a wireless network, a wide area network or a combination thereof. 15. The solar power system as recited in claim 1, further comprising: a pressure vessel connected between the inlet of the receiver tube(s) and the fluid/vapor outlet of the fluid/vapor turbine; a first operating pressure modulation valve and a temperature/pressure sensor connected between the outlet of the receiver tube(s) and the fluid/vapor inlet of the fluid/vapor turbine; and a second operating pressure modulation valve connected between the pressure vessel and the inlet of the receiver tube(s). 16. The solar power system as recited in claim 15, further comprising a primer/boost pump connected between the pressure vessel and the second operating pressure modulation valve. 17. The solar power system as recited in claim 15, further comprising: a secondary line connecting the pressure vessel to a hose or pipe between the outlet of the receiver tube(s) and the first operating pressure modulation valve; a third operating pressure modulation valve disposed in the secondary line; and a back flow prevention valve connected between the fluid/vapor outlet of the fluid/vapor turbine and the pressure vessel. 18. The solar power system as recited in claim 15, further comprising: a pressure relief valve attached to the pressure vessel; a fluid level sensor attached to the pressure vessel and communicably coupled to the controller; one or more additional temperature sensor and/or pressure sensors attached at various points in the system; one or more heat exchangers attached within the system; and a RPM sensor attached to the drive shaft and communicably coupled to the controller. 19. The solar power system as recited in claim 1, wherein the reflective parabolic trough comprises: a central support tube; three or more support ribs attached to the central support tube to provide a parabolic shape; a support stringer attached between the support ribs at or near each end of the support ribs; and a metallic sheet attached to the support ribs to form the parabolic shape. 20. The solar power system as recited in claim 1, wherein each support structure comprises: a base plate used to secure the solar collector to the surface; a mounting block for connection to the reflective parabolic trough; and a support disposed between the base plate and the mounting block. 21. The solar power system as recited in claim 20, wherein an angle between the base plate and the surface is adjustable. 22. A solar power system comprising: one or more solar collectors, each solar collector comprising (a) one or more support structures for securely mounting the solar collector to a surface, (b) a reflective parabolic trough for concentrating solar energy along a focal axis and attached to the support structure(s) to allow rotation of the reflective parabolic trough around a longitudinal axis, (c) one or more receiver tubes attached to the reflective parabolic trough along the focal axis, wherein each receiver tube comprises (i) a metal tube having an inlet, an outlet and a solar absorption coating, and (ii) a transparent tube having a first seal and a second seal to vacuum or hermetically seal the metal tube between approximately the inlet and the outlet within the transparent tube, and (d) a motor operably connected to the reflective parabolic trough to rotate the reflective parabolic trough around the longitudinal axis; a solar tracking device having one or more sensors to control the motor to align each solar collector to maximize the solar energy collected by the one or more receiver tubes, wherein the sensors comprise three or more photosensitive diodes disposed on the reflective parabolic trough such that when the reflective parabolic through is properly aligned: at least a first of the photosensitive diodes is positioned within a center of a shadow cast by the receiver tube(s), a least a second of the photosensitive diodes is positioned within and near a first edge of the shadow cast by the receiver tube(s), and a least a third of the photosensitive diodes is positioned within and near a second edge of the shadow cast by the receiver tube(s); a fluid/vapor turbine having a drive shaft, a fluid/vapor inlet and a fluid/vapor outlet; a generator connected to the drive shaft of the fluid/vapor turbine and having one or more electrical output terminals; a first operating pressure modulation valve and a temperature/pressure sensor connected between the outlet of the receiver tube(s) and the fluid/vapor inlet of the fluid/vapor turbine; a back flow prevention valve connected to the fluid/vapor outlet of the fluid/vapor turbine; a pressure vessel connected to the back flow prevention valve; a secondary line connecting the pressure vessel to a hose or pipe between the outlet of the receiver tube(s) and the first operating pressure modulation valve; a third operating pressure modulation valve disposed in the secondary line; a primer/boost pump connected to the pressure vessel a second operating pressure modulation valve connected between the primer/boost pump and the inlet of the receiver tube(s); and a controller connected to the motor, the solar tracking device, the fluid/vapor turbine and the generator to monitor and control the system. 23. The solar power system as recited in claim 22, wherein the solar tracking device will position the solar collector at a previously recorded time-based position whenever the one or more sensors do not provide a position to maximize the solar energy collected by the receiver tube(s). 24. The solar power system as recited in claim 22, wherein: the solar tracking device aligns each solar collector to maximize the solar energy collected by the receiver tube(s) regardless of weather conditions; and the controller positions each solar collector to minimize damage in potentially damaging weather. 25. The solar power system as recited in claim 1, wherein the fluid/vapor turbine comprises a Tesla or Sterling engine. 