A method of passively securing a solar panel array to a flat roof. The system utilizes mounting supports that hold solar panels at an inclined angle. Each mounting support includes a first mounting ledge, a second mounting ledge, a flat base section and an inclined section that is disposed between the flat base section and the first mounting ledge. A solar panel is attached between two of the mounting supports. Once mounted, the solar panel extends from the first mounting ledge of a first mounting support to a second mounting ledge of a second mounting support. Weights are then placed on the flat base section of the mounting supports to passively anchor the assembly to the roof.
Claims 1. A method of passively securing a solar panel to a roof, comprising the steps of: providing a solar panel; providing a first mounting support and a second mounting support, wherein both said first mounting support and said second mounting support include, i. a weight trough; ii. an upper mounting ledge that extends in a first plane, wherein said upper mounting ledge is at a first elevation above said weight trough; iii. a lower mounting ledge that extends in a second plane that is parallel to said first plane, wherein said lower mounting ledge is at a second elevation above said weight trough that is lower than said first elevation; wherein said weight trough is disposed between said upper mounting ledge and said lower mounting ledge; and iv. an inclined section disposed between said weight trough and said upper mounting ledge; arranging said first mounting support and said second mounting support in a line on said roof so that said lower mounting ledge from said first mounting support is parallel to, and a predetermined distance from, said upper mounting ledge of said second mounting support; attaching said solar panel to said lower mounting ledge of said first mounting support and to said upper mounting ledge of said second mounting support, wherein said solar panel spans said predetermined distance at an inclined angle; placing weights in said weight trough of both said first mounting support and said second mounting support. 2. The method according to claim 1, further including the steps of providing an upper mounting rail and a lower mounting rail. 3. The method according to claim 2, further including the step of attaching said lower mounting rail to said lower mounting ledge of said first mounting support. 4. The method according to claim 3, further including the step of attaching said upper mounting rail to said upper mounting ledge of said second mounting support. 5. The method according to claim 4, wherein said step of attaching said solar panel to said lower mounting ledge of said first mounting support and said upper mounting ledge of said second mounting support includes attaching said solar panel to both said lower mounting rail and said upper mounting rail. 6. The method according to claim 1, wherein said weight through has a flat bottom surface that lays between two parallel sidewalls. 7. The method according to claim 6, wherein said flat base of said weight trough has a width between said parallel sidewalls that is between sixteen inches and thirty six inches wide. 8. The method according to claim 6, wherein said inclined section extends from one of said parallel sidewalls to said upper mounting ledge. 9. The method according to claim 6, further including the step of providing a plurality of ballast weights in the form of concrete blocks, wherein said step placing weights in said weight trough of both said first mounting support and said second mounting support included placing said concrete blocks side by side in said weight trough to fill said weight trough between said parallel sidewalls. 10. A method of passively securing a solar panel to a roof, comprising the steps of: providing a plurality of mounting supports, wherein each of said mounting supports includes, i. a weight trough having a flat base surface that extends between a first sidewall and a parallel second sidewall, wherein said second sidewall supports a lower mounting ledge that extends at an angle from said second sidewall in a first plane; ii. an inclined surface that extends upwardly from said first side wall, wherein said inclined surface supports an upper mounting ledge that extends from said inclined surface in a second plane that is parallel to said first plane; arranging said mounting supports in parallel rows that include a first row and a second row, so that said upper mounting ledge of some of said mounting supports in said first row lay parallel a predetermined distance apart from said lower mounting ledge from other of said plurality of mounting supports in said second row; providing solar panels; attaching said solar panels to said upper mounting ledge of said mounting supports in said first row and to said lower mounting ledge of said mounting supports in said second row, wherein said solar panels span said predetermined distance at an inclined angle; placing weights in said weight trough of all of said mounting supports. 11. The method according to claim 10, further including the steps of providing upper mounting rails and lower mounting rails. 12. The method according to claim 11, further including the step of attaching said lower mounting rails to each said lower mounting ledge of said mounting supports. 13. The method according to claim 12, further including the step of attaching said upper mounting rails to each said upper mounting ledge of said mounting supports. 14. The method according to claim 13, attaching said solar panels to said upper mounting ledge of said mounting supports in said first row and to said lower mounting ledge of said mounting supports in said second row includes attaching said solar panels between each said lower mounting rail and each said upper mounting rail. 15. The method according to claim 10, wherein said flat base of said weight trough has a width between said parallel sidewalls that is between sixteen inches and thirty six inches wide. 16. The method according to claim 15, further including the step of providing a plurality of ballast weights in the form of concrete blocks, wherein said step placing weights in said weight trough of both said first mounting support and said second mounting support included placing said concrete blocks side by side in said weight trough to fill said weight trough between said parallel sidewalls. 17. A method of passively securing solar panels to a roof, comprising the steps of: providing a plurality of mounting supports, wherein said mounting supports have upper mounting ledges, lower mounting ledges and weight troughs; providing a plurality of upper mounting rails; attaching said upper mounting rails to said upper mounting ledges; providing a plurality of lower mounting rails; attaching said lower mounting rails to said lower mounting ledges; positioning said mounting supports in a first row and a parallel second row that are separated by a predetermined distance; providing solar panels; attaching said solar panels to said upper mounting rails in said first row and to said lower mounting rails in said second row, wherein said solar panels span said predetermined distance at an inclined angle; placing weights in said weight troughs of said mounting supports. 18. The method according to claim 17, wherein said weight through has a flat bottom surface that lays between two parallel sidewalls. 19. The method according to claim 18, wherein said flat base of said weight trough has a width between said parallel sidewalls that is between sixteen inches and thirty six inches wide. 