A solar battery module substrate includes an insulating substrate on which a conductive pattern and an insulating protective film are formed, the conductive pattern including: cathode mounting terminals each of which is to be connected with a cathode of a solar battery cell; anode mounting terminals each of which is to be connected with an anode of the solar battery cell; and first module wiring, the first module wiring connecting a cathode mounting terminal to be connected with a cathode of one solar battery cell with an anode mounting terminal to be connected with an anode of another solar battery cell connected in series with said one solar battery cell, the insulating protective film having at least one opening for exposing the cathode mounting terminal and the anode mounting terminal, and the opening being positioned inside a portion of the solar battery module substrate on which portion the solar battery cell is to be projected.
Claims 1. A solar battery module substrate on which solar battery cells are to be mounted, comprising an insulating substrate on which a conductive pattern and an insulating protective film are formed, the conductive pattern including: cathode mounting terminals each of which is to be connected with a cathode of a solar battery cell; anode mounting terminals each of which is to be connected with an anode of the solar battery cell; and first module wiring, the first module wiring connecting a cathode mounting terminal to be connected with a cathode of one solar battery cell with an anode mounting terminal to be connected with an anode of another solar battery cell connected in series with said one solar battery cell, the insulating protective film having at least one opening for exposing the cathode mounting terminal and the anode mounting terminal, and the opening being positioned inside a portion of the solar battery module substrate on which portion the solar battery cell is to be projected. 2. The solar battery module substrate as set forth in claim 1, wherein the conductive pattern further includes second module wiring, and one edge of the second module wiring is connected with the cathode mounting terminal or the anode mounting terminal, and the other edge of the second module wiring is connected with a mounting electrode connected with an electrode of a mounting electrode on which a solar battery module is to be mounted. 3. A solar battery module, comprising: a solar battery module substrate as set forth in claim 1; and at least two back surface electrode type solar battery cells provided as the solar battery cell on the solar battery module substrate, each of said at least two back surface electrode type solar battery cells being designed such that one or more cathodes and one or more anodes are positioned at a back surface thereof. 4. A solar battery module, comprising: a solar battery module substrate as set forth in claims 2; and at least two back surface electrode type solar battery cells provided as the solar battery cell on the solar battery module substrate, each of said at least two back surface electrode type solar battery cells being designed such that one or more cathodes and one or more anodes are positioned at a back surface thereof. 5. The solar battery module as set forth in claim 3, wherein a part of said one or more cathodes and said one or more anodes of the back surface electrode type solar battery cell is exposed at an edge thereof. 6. The solar battery module as set forth in claim 3, wherein said one or more cathodes and said one or more anodes of the back surface electrode type solar battery cell are positioned in such a manner that at least one cathode and at least one anode are provided both in two different directions and cathodes are not adjacent to each other and anodes are not adjacent to each other. 7. The solar battery module as set forth in claim 4, wherein at least a part of said one or more cathodes and said one or more anodes of the back surface type solar battery cell is exposed at an edge thereof. 8. The solar battery module as set forth in claim 4, wherein said one or more cathodes and said one or more anodes of the back surface electrode type solar battery cell are positioned in such a manner that at least one cathode and at least one anode are provided both in two different directions and cathodes are not adjacent to each other and anodes are not adjacent to each other. 9. A solar battery module substrate on which solar battery cells are to be mounted, comprising an insulating substrate on which a conductive pattern and a first insulating protective film are formed, the conductive pattern including: cathode mounting terminals each of which is to be connected with a cathode of a solar battery cell; anode mounting terminals each of which is to be connected with an anode of the solar battery cell; and first module wiring, the first module wiring connecting a cathode mounting terminal to be connected with a cathode of one solar battery cell with an anode mounting terminal to be connected with an anode of another solar battery cell connected in series with said one solar battery cell, the first insulating protective film having at least one first opening for exposing the cathode mounting terminal and at least one second opening for exposing the anode mounting terminal, said at least first opening and said at least one second opening being positioned inside a portion of the solar battery module substrate on which portion the solar battery cell is to be projected, and a second insulating protective film being provided between the cathode mounting terminal and the anode mounting terminal. 10. The solar battery module substrate as set forth in claim 9, wherein the conductive pattern further includes second module wiring, and one edge of the second module wiring is connected with the cathode mounting terminal or the anode mounting terminal, and the other edge of the second module wiring is connected with a mounting electrode connected with an electrode of a mounting electrode on which a solar battery module is to be mounted. 11. A solar battery module, comprising: a solar battery module substrate as set forth in claim 9; and at least two back surface electrode type solar battery cells provided as the solar battery cell on the solar battery module substrate, each of said at least two back surface electrode type solar battery cells being designed such that one or more cathodes and one or more anodes are positioned at a back surface thereof. 12. A solar battery module, comprising: a solar battery module substrate as set forth in claim 10; and at least two back surface electrode type solar battery cells provided as the solar battery cell on the solar battery module substrate, each of said at least two back surface electrode type solar battery cells being designed such that one or more cathodes and one or more anodes are positioned at a back surface thereof. 13. The solar battery module as set forth in claim 11, wherein at least a part of said one or more cathodes and said one or more anodes of the back surface type solar battery cell is exposed at an edge thereof. 14. The solar battery module as set forth in claim 11, wherein said one or more cathodes and said one or more anodes of the back surface electrode type solar battery cell are positioned in such a manner that at least one cathode and at least one anode are provided both in two different directions and cathodes are not adjacent to each other and anodes are not adjacent to each other. 15. The solar battery module as set forth in claim 12, wherein at least a part of said one or more cathodes and said one or more anodes of the back surface type solar battery cell is exposed at an edge thereof. 16. The solar battery module as set forth in claim 12, wherein said one or more cathodes and said one or more anodes of the back surface electrode type solar battery cell are positioned in such a manner that at least one cathode and at least one anode are provided both in two different directions and cathodes are not adjacent to each other and anodes are not adjacent to each other. 