A photovoltaic module having a textile substrate having conductors, an array of functional tiles on the substrate, wherein the functional tiles include solar tiles, the functional tiles arranged to be spaced apart from each other and to contact at least one conductor, and the solar tiles electrically connect in one of either electrical series or parallel configuration to produce and electrical power output. A method of manufacturing flexible, photovoltaic modules includes manufacturing at least one functional material, forming the functional material into functional tiles, mounting the functional tiles onto a textile substrate into an array of functional tiles, and forming circuitry on the flexible substrate to electrically connect the functional tiles to one of either input/output circuitry or other tiles.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic module, comprising: a textile substrate having conductors; an array of functional tiles on the substrate, wherein the functional tiles include solar tiles, the functional tiles arranged to be spaced apart from each other and to contact at least one conductor; and the solar tiles electrically connect in one of either electrical series or parallel configuration to produce and electrical power output. 2. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the array of solar tiles includes solar tiles that are portions of different types of solar cells. 3. The photovoltaic module of claim 2, wherein the different types of solar cells include at least one of solar cells made of III-V materials, silicon, chalcogenide, fluorescent concentrator, and organic semiconductors. 4. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the functional tiles include at least one of a battery, a display tile, a power regulator, and a sensor. 5. The photovoltaic module of claim 4, wherein the display tile comprises one of electrophoretic display, electrochromic display, liquid crystal display, MEMS interference display, electrowetting display, powder display, electrochemical display, organic or inorganic light emitting display, plasma display 6. The photovoltaic module of claim 4, wherein the sensor further comprises one of a photodiode, an accelerometer, a pressure sensor, a motion sensor, a moisture sensor, a gas sensor, a radiation sensor, a biological sensor, or a chemical sensor. 7. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein further comprising an encapsulant around at least one of the solar tile and the textile substrate. 8. The photovoltaic module of claim 7, wherein the encapsulant comprises one of liquid encapsulant, laminated encapsulant, evaporated encapsulant, a silicone encapsulant, EVA, and Parylene. 9. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the conductors comprise one of conductive fibers woven into the textile, conductive fibers sewn into the textile, conductive fibers glued onto the textile, printed traces on a surface of the textile, and carbon nanowires attached to a surface of the textile. 10. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, further comprising one of a conductive adhesive and a solder material between the solar tile and at least one conductor. 11. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the solar tiles are arranged on either one side of the substrate or both sides of the textile substrate. 12. A method of manufacturing flexible, photovoltaic modules, comprising: manufacturing at least one functional material; forming the functional material into functional tiles; mounting the functional tiles onto a textile substrate into an array of functional tiles; and forming circuitry on the flexible substrate to electrically connect the functional tiles to one of either input/output circuitry or other tiles. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein manufacturing at least one solar cell comprises manufacturing a solar cell out of one of III-V materials, silicon, chalcogenide, fluorescent concentrator material and organic semiconductors. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein manufacturing at least one solar cell comprises manufacturing at least one solar cell each out of at least two of III-V materials, silicon, chalcogenide, fluorescent concentrator material and organic semiconductors, and mounting the solar tiles onto the textile substrate comprises mounting a mixture of the solar tiles from solar cells of different materials. 15. The method of claim 12, wherein forming the circuitry comprises one of: weaving conductive fibers into the textile; sewing conductive fibers into the textile; gluing conductive fibers to the textile, printing conductive traces on the textile; metalizing the textile and selectively removing the metallization; and dipping the textile into a solution of carbon nanowires. 16. The method of claim 12, further comprising encapsulating the textile substrate and the functional tiles. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein encapsulating the textile substrate comprises encapsulating the textile substrate and the functional tiles with one of a liquid encapsulant, an encapsulant laminated to the textile substrate and the functional tiles, and evaporating the encapsulant. 18. The method of claim 12, further comprising attaching the functional tiles to conductive fibers in the textile substrate using one of a conductive adhesive or solder. 19. The method of claim 12, wherein mounting the functional tiles comprises mounting the functional tiles to be connected electrically in one of either parallel or in series by the conductive fibers. 20. The method of claim 12, wherein forming the circuitry comprises arranging the conductive fibers in the textile substrate to route electricity generated by the solar tiles to an edge of the textile substrate. 