Method and apparatus for coupling electrical and communication circuits, included in a packaged semiconductor comprising photo receivers, photo transmitters and photovoltaic cells, through lightguide and optical fiber cables. The packaged semiconductor combinations comprise one, two or plurality of photo elements for a single or plurality one way optical signal, receive or transmit, and a single or plurality of two way optical signal communications via direct optical links and via optical prisms, filters, half mirrors and lenses. The packaged semiconductor includes at least one optical access to a single or plurality of lightguides or optical fiber with single core and for multicore lightguides. A built-in or attachable holders are used for attaching the different lightguide cables to the one or plurality of optical accesses with the attached cable end is terminated by cutting, trimming and shaping. The packaged circuit comprising electrical switches, current sensors, basic elements such as diodes, transistors and FETs, switches and power switches and different basic electrical circuit and communication, distribution circuits including CPU, DSP and complex semiconductor circuits, as used for communicating within limited short distances through optical network of lightguides and fiber optical cables. A packaged semiconductor of an SPDT power switch circuit is integrated with an SPDT manually activated switch, for providing dual switching for lights and other electrical appliances, via manual action and remotely via the lightguide or the optical fiber.
Claims 1. A method for coupling an optical signal to a packaged semiconductor circuit via at least one optical cable selected from a group comprising lightguide, optical fiber and a combination thereof for monitoring current drain through an AC power line by an electrical appliance including at least one of reporting and controlling the power consumed by said appliance, said packaged semiconductor includes at least one optically linked access with at least one photo element selected from a group comprising a photo diode, a photovoltaic cell, a photo diac, a photo thyristor, a photo triac, a photo transistor, a photo MOSFET, an LED, a laser and combinations thereof and at least one holder selected from a group comprising a built-in holder, an attachable holder and a combination thereof for attaching a terminated end of said optical cable to said access; said circuit is selected from a group comprising at least one current sensor, a current data processor and combinations thereof, said method comprising the steps of: a. terminating said optical cable end by a process selected from a group comprising cutting, trimming, shaping and combinations thereof; b. attaching the terminated end of said optical cable to said access through said holder; and c. exchanging said optical signal selected from a group comprising transmit, receive and two way between said optical cable and said element for communicating said signal with said circuit. 2. The method for coupling an optical signal to a packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 1, wherein at least two photo elements comprising one receiver and one transmitter included in said packaged semiconductor link two way optical signals via a structure within said access selected from a group comprising a prism, a lens, a filter, an half mirror, in-line two way optical links and combinations thereof. 3. The method for coupling an optical signal to a packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 1, wherein at least three photo elements selected from one of a combination comprising one receiver with two transmitters and one transmitter with two receivers included in said packaged semiconductor link two way optical signals via a structure within said access selected from a group comprising a prism, a lens, a filter, an half mirror, in-line three optical links and combinations thereof. 4. The method for coupling an optical signal to a packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 1, wherein at least two photo elements comprising one receiver and one transmitter included in said packaged semiconductor link two way optical signals via said access comprising a receive optical link and a transmit optical link, spaced to commensurate with one of an optical cable with dual core and two of said optical cable with a single core each, and wherein said holder and said access are structured in one of a combination comprising said access with holder for attaching an optical cable with dual core and said access with two holders for attaching two said optical cables with a single core each. 5. The method for coupling an optical signal to a packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 1, wherein a plurality of photo elements selected from one of a plurality of receivers and a plurality of transmitters for linking a plurality of one way optical signals via said access are included in said packaged semiconductor, and wherein said holder attaches said optical cable with multicore to said access with multi optical links for linking each of a plurality of said elements with one core of said multicore. 6. The method for coupling an optical signal to a packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 1, wherein a plurality of photo elements selected from one of a plurality of receivers and a plurality of transmitters for linking a plurality of one way optical signals via one of a plurality of accesses and said access with a plurality of optical links are included in said packaged semiconductor, and wherein a plurality of holders attach a plurality of said optical cables with a single core, to one of said plurality of accesses and to said plurality of optical links of said access. 7. The method for coupling an optical signal to a packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 1, wherein a plurality of pairs of photo elements each pair comprising one receiver and one transmitter for linking a plurality of two way optical signals via a plurality of structures within said access selected from a group comprising prisms, lenses, filters, half mirrors, in-line two way optical links and combinations thereof, spaced to commensurate with an optical cable with multi core are included in said packaged semiconductor, and wherein said holder attaches said optical cable with multicore to said access for linking at least two said pairs with at least two cores of said multicore. 8. The method for coupling an optical signal to a packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 1, wherein a plurality of pairs of photo elements each pair comprising one receiver and one transmitter for linking a plurality of two way optical signals via a plurality of structures selected from a group comprising a prism, a lens, a filter, an half mirror, in-line two way optical links and combinations thereof, and wherein one of said access with multi links and a plurality of accesses with a single link each are included in said packaged semiconductor, and wherein at least two holders attach two said optical cables each with a single core for linking with two of said two way optical links. 9. The method for coupling an optical signal to a packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 1, wherein a plurality of pairs of photo elements each pair comprising one receiver and one transmitter linked via one of said access and a plurality of accesses are included in said packaged semiconductor for linking a plurality of two way optical signals, and wherein a combination selected from one of said holder attaches one said optical cable with multicore to said access and a plurality of holders attach a plurality of optical cables each with a single core to said accesses for linking at least two said pairs of said photo elements with two pairs of cores of said multicore or four of said optical cables each with a single core. 10. The method for coupling an optical signal to a packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 1, wherein a plurality of photo elements and a plurality of accesses for distributing a plurality of optical signals selected from a group comprising receive, transmit, two way and combinations thereof via structures within one of said access and a plurality of accesses selected from a group comprising a prism, a lens, a filter, an half mirror, an in-line single optical link, in-line two way optical links and combinations thereof are included in said packaged semiconductor, and wherein one of said holder and a plurality of holders attach and link a plurality of optical cables to at least one of said access and said accesses. 11. The method for coupling an optical signal to a packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 1, wherein said element and said circuit are adapted to receive an optical signal from an optical transmitter for installing an identifying data of said appliance into a memory associated with said packaged semiconductor, and wherein said current data processor outputs a combined data of at least a portion of said identifying data with a current drain data for at least one of addressing and controlling said power consumed by said appliance and for reporting at least one of said appliance status and current drain using a combined optical signal. 12. The method for coupling an optical signal to a packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 11, wherein one of said thyristor, triac and MOSFET is used for controlling the power consumed by said appliance. 13. The method for coupling an optical signal to a packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 12, wherein a second packaged semiconductor is a receiver for said combined optical signal and wherein said circuit of said second packaged semiconductor consists of said current data processor for processing the received said combined optical signal and for outputting an optical signal comprising said portion of said identifying data combined with commands for controlling the consumed power to said packaged semiconductor. 14. The method for coupling an optical signal to a packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 11, wherein a second packaged semiconductor is a receiver for said combined optical signal and wherein said circuit of said second packaged semiconductor consists of said current data processor for processing the received said combined optical signal and for outputting combined electrical signals converted from said combined optical signals for reporting said appliance power consumption. 15. A packaged semiconductor circuit including at least one optical access linked with at least one photo element selected from a group comprising a photo diode, a photovoltaic cell, a photo diac, a photo thyristor, a photo triac, a photo transistor, a photo MOSFET, an LED, a laser and combinations thereof and at least one holder selected from a group comprising a built-in holder, an attachable holder and a combination thereof for attaching a terminated end of at least one optical cable selected from a group comprising lightguide, optical fiber and a combination thereof to said access; said circuit selected from a group comprising at least one current sensor, a current data processor and combinations thereof is electrically connected via contacts selected from a group comprising pins, solder pins, surface mount contacts, surface mount terminals, power contacts, plugs, sockets, posts, blades, terminal blocks, screw terminals, crimp terminals, fast on terminals, solder terminals, solder contacts, and combinations thereof via one of directly and via electrical wire to an electrical appliance; and said holder and said access are structured to link said end of said optical cable terminated by a process selected from a group comprising cutting, trimming, shaping and combinations thereof for coupling optical signals selected from a group comprising transmit, receive and two way with said circuit through said at least one photo element for at least one of monitoring a current drain through an AC power line by an electrical appliance including at least one of reporting and controlling the power consumed by said appliance. 16. The packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 15, wherein at least two photo elements comprising one receiver and one transmitter included in said packaged semiconductor link two way optical signals via a structure within said access selected from a group comprising a prism, a lens, a filter, an half mirror, in-line two way optical links and combinations thereof. 17. The packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 15, wherein at least three photo elements selected from one of a combination comprising one receiver with two transmitters and one transmitter with two receivers included in said packaged semiconductor link two way optical signals via a structure within said access selected from a group comprising a prism, a lens, a filter, half mirror, in-line three optical links and combinations thereof. 18. The packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 15, wherein at least two photo elements comprising one receiver and one transmitter included in said packaged semiconductor link two way optical signals via one of an optical cable with dual core and two of said optical cable each with a single core, and wherein said holder and said access are structured in one of a combination comprising said access with holder for attaching said optical cable with dual core and said access with two holders for attaching two said optical cables each with a single core. 19. The packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 15, wherein a plurality of photo elements selected from one of a plurality of receivers and a plurality of transmitters for linking a plurality of one way optical signals via said access are included in said packaged semiconductor, and wherein said holder attaches said optical cable with multicore to said access with multi links for linking each of said photo elements with one core of said multicore. 20. The packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 15, wherein a plurality of photo elements selected from one of a plurality of receivers and a plurality of transmitters for linking a plurality of one way optical signals via one of a plurality of accesses and said access with a plurality of optical links are included in said packaged semiconductor, and wherein a plurality of holders attach a plurality of said optical cables with a single core, to one of said plurality of accesses and to said plurality of optical links of said access. 21. The packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 15, wherein a plurality of pairs of photo elements each pair comprising one receiver and one transmitter for linking a plurality of two way optical signals via multi structures within said access selected from a group comprising prisms, lenses, filters, half mirrors, in-line two way optical links and combinations thereof spaced to commensurate with an optical cable with multi core are included in said packaged semiconductor, and wherein said holder attaches an optical cable with multicore to said access for linking at least two said pair with at least two cores of said multicore. 22. The packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 15, wherein a plurality of pairs of photo elements each pair comprising one receiver and one transmitter for linking a plurality of two way optical signals via a plurality of accesses, each via a structure selected from a group comprising a prism, a lens, a filter, an half mirror, in-line two way optical links and combinations thereof spaced to commensurate with plurality of said optical cable each with a single core via each of said accesses are included in said packaged semiconductor, and wherein a plurality of holders attach a plurality of optical cables to said accesses for linking each said pair with one of said optical cables. 23. The packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 15, wherein a plurality of pairs of photo elements each pair comprising one said receiver and one said transmitter linked via one of said access and a plurality of accesses are included in said packaged semiconductor for linking a plurality of two way optical signals, and wherein one of said holder attaches one of said optical cable with multicore to said single access and a plurality of holders attaches a plurality of said optical cable with a single core each to said accesses for linking at least two of said pairs with two pairs of cores of said multicore or four of said optical cable with a single core. 24. The packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 15, wherein a plurality of photo elements and a plurality of accesses for distributing a plurality of optical signals selected from a group comprising receive, transmit, two way and combinations thereof via structures within one of said access and a plurality of accesses selected from a group comprising a prism, a lens, a filter, an half mirror, an in-line single optical link, in-line two way optical links and combinations thereof are included in said packaged semiconductor, and wherein one of said holder and a plurality of holders attach and link a plurality of optical cables to at least one of said access and said accesses. 25. The packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 15, wherein said element and said circuit are adapted to receive an optical signal from an optical transmitter for installing an identifying data of said appliance into a memory associated with said packaged semiconductor, and wherein said current data processor outputs a combined data of at least a portion of said identifying data with a current drain data for at least one of addressing and controlling said power consumed by said appliance and for reporting at least one of said appliance status and current drain using a combined optical signal. 26. The packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 25, wherein one of said thyristor, triac and MOSFET is used for controlling the power consumed by said appliance. 27. The packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 26, wherein a second packaged semiconductor is a receiver for said combined optical signal and wherein said circuit of said second packaged semiconductor consists of said current data processor for processing the received said combined optical signal and for outputting an optical signal comprising said portion of said identifying data combined with commands for controlling the consumed power to said packaged semiconductor. 28. The packaged semiconductor circuit according to claim 25, wherein a second packaged semiconductor is a receiver for said combined optical signal and wherein said circuit of said second packaged semiconductor consists of said current data processor for processing the received said combined optical signal and for outputting combined electrical signals converted from said combined optical signals for reporting said appliance power consumption. 