Disclosed is a light-powered transmitter assembly for transmitting a wireless signal relating to received light. The assembly comprises a photovoltaic device and an energy storage device connected to the photovoltaic device for receiving charge from the photovoltaic device. A threshold charge-sensing circuit connects to the energy storage device for making a determination whenever the charge of the energy storage device reaches a threshold level. A transmitting circuit, responsive to the threshold charge-sensing circuit, transmits a wireless signal that is indicative of the energy storage device having reached the threshold level of charge and that uniquely identifies the wireless signal as corning from the light-powered transmitter assembly. The transmitting circuit is at least partially powered from energy received from the energy storage device. An interval between two successive ones of the determinations is a function of average intensity of light received by the photovoltaic device.
Claims 1. A light-powered transmitter assembly for transmitting a wireless signal relating to received light, said assembly comprising: a) a photovoltaic device; b) an energy storage device connected to the photovoltaic device for receiving charge from the photovoltaic device; c) a threshold charge-sensing circuit connected to the energy storage device for making a determination whenever the charge of the energy storage device reaches a maximum threshold level; d) a transmitting circuit, responsive to the threshold charge-sensing circuit, for transmitting a wireless signal that is indicative of the energy storage device having reached said maximum threshold level of charge and that uniquely identifies the wireless signal as coming from said light-powered transmitter assembly; said transmitting circuit being at least partially powered from energy received from the energy storage device; and e) an interval between two successive ones of said determinations is a function of average intensity of light received by the photovoltaic device. 2. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the energy storage device is a capacitor. 3. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the energy storage device is a battery. 4. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the transmitting circuit is fully powered by energy received from the energy storage device. 5. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the transmitting circuit transmits one wireless signal indicating that a determination has been made by the threshold charge-sensing circuit a predetermined time after each said determination. 6. The assembly of claim 1, further comprising: a) a memory for storing data relating to one or more intervals between successive determinations made by the threshold charge-sensing circuit; and b) the transmitting circuit being configured to transmit one wireless signal each time after a plurality of said intervals of time has elapsed. 7. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the transmitting circuit is a solid state transponder, or a solid state transmitter, or a solid state transreceiver, or an integrated circuit. 8. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the charge-sensing device is a solid state transponder, or a solid state transreceiver, or an integrated circuit. 9. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic device is mounted on one major side of a flexible substrate, and the at least one threshold charge-sensing circuit, and the transmitting circuit are mounted on another major side of the flexible substrate. 10. The assembly of claim 9, wherein the transmitting circuit has an antenna formed on said another major side of the flexible substrate and surrounding the at least one threshold charge-sensing circuit and the transmitting circuit. 11. The assembly of claim 9, wherein the flexible substrate is provided with an adhering means covering more than about 70 percent of the surface of one side of the flexible substrate for attachment to a mounting surface. 12. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the adhering means is a pressure sensitive adhesive or hook and loop fasteners, or a magnetic means. 13. The assembly of claim 1, further comprising a spectrally selective filter for filtering light received by the photovoltaic device. 14. The assembly of claim 13 wherein the spectrally selective filter is a colored gel film, a dye in a plastic lens, a dichroic filter, or paint. 