An energy storage system of an apartment building, an integrated power management system, and a method of controlling the integrated power management system. Power may be efficiently consumed by supplying remaining power stored in an energy storage system of each apartment to a common load.
Claims 1. An energy storage system of an apartment building, the energy storage system converting power generated by a renewable power generation system so as to supply the converted power to a grid, a load, or a common load or to store the converted power in a battery, supplying power supplied from the grid to the load, converting the power supplied from the grid so as to store the converted power in the battery, and converting the power stored in the battery so as to supply the converted power to the grid, the load, or the common load, and the energy storage system being connected to an integrated power management system of the apartment building via a network so as to transmit power consumption amount data regarding a power amount supplied to the grid or the load, and to control a power supply amount to be supplied to the common load based on control data of the integrated power management system. 2. The energy storage system of claim 1, wherein the energy storage system is included in every apartment of the apartment building. 3. The energy storage system of claim 1, comprising: a maximum power point tracking (MPPT) converter for converting the power generated by the renewable power generation system; a bi-directional inverter for converting the power generated by the renewable power generation system, the power stored in the battery, or the power supplied from the grid; a bi-directional converter for converting the power stored in the battery, the power generated by the renewable power generation system, or the power supplied from the grid; the battery for storing the power generated by the renewable power generation system or the power supplied from the grid; and an integrated controller for controlling operations of the MPPT converter, the bi-directional inverter and the energy storage system, transmitting the power consumption amount data to the integrated power management system connected via the network, and controlling the power supply amount to be supplied to the common load based on the control data of the integrated power management system. 4. The energy storage system of claim 1, wherein the control data is generated based on the power consumption amount data of the energy storage system of each apartment in real time and a power consumption amount of the energy storage system at a time zone, and indicates a remaining power amount to be supplied from each apartment to the common load. 5. The energy storage system of claim 4, wherein the control data is updated by the integrated power management system in real time and then is transmitted. 6. The energy storage system of claim 1, wherein the renewable power generation system is a solar photovoltaic system. 7. An integrated power management system, the integrated power management system being connected to an energy storage system of each of a plurality of apartments in an apartment building via a network, the integrated power management system receiving from the energy storage system power consumption amount data regarding a power amount supplied to a grid or a load of each apartment, calculating a remaining power amount of each apartment based on the received power consumption amount data, generating control data regarding a power supply amount to be supplied to a common load based on the calculated remaining power amount, and transmitting the generated control data to the energy storage system of each apartment. 8. The integrated power management system of claim 7, wherein the integrated power management system monitors the power consumption amount data and a power consumption amount of the common load in real time. 9. The integrated power management system of claim 7, wherein a power consumption amount of each apartment at a time zone is calculated based on the received power consumption amount data. 10. The integrated power management system of claim 10, wherein the time zone is when a power consumption amount is peaked. 11. The integrated power management system of claim 10, wherein the integrated power management system monitors an actual power consumption amount of each apartment at the time zone, compares the monitored actual power consumption amount and the calculated remaining power amount, generates the control data regarding the power supply amount to be supplied to the common load based on a comparison result, and transmits the control data to the energy storage system of each apartment. 12. The integrated power management system of claim 12, wherein, if the actual power consumption amount is greater than the calculated remaining power amount, control data for reducing the power supply amount to be supplied to the common load is generated and transmitted to the energy storage system. 13. A method of controlling an integrated power management system connected to an energy storage system of each of a plurality of apartments in an apartment building via a network, the method comprising: receiving from the energy storage system power consumption amount data regarding power supplied to a grid or a load of each apartment; calculating a remaining power amount of each apartment based on the received power consumption amount data; generating control data regarding a power supply amount to be supplied to a common load based on the calculated remaining power amount; and transmitting the generated control data to the energy storage system of each apartment. 14. The method of claim 14, wherein power of the energy storage system of each apartment is supplied to the common load based on the transmitted control data. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising calculating a power consumption amount of each apartment at a time zone based on the received power consumption amount data, wherein the calculating of the remaining power amount comprises calculating the remaining power amount of each apartment based on the calculated power consumption amount at the time zone. 16. The method of claim 16, wherein the time zone is when a power consumption amount is peaked. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising: monitoring an actual power consumption amount of each apartment at the time zone; comparing the monitored actual power consumption amount and the calculated remaining power amount; and generating the control data regarding the power supply amount to be supplied to the common load based on a comparison result. 18. The method of claim 18, wherein, if the actual power consumption amount is greater than the calculated remaining power amount, control data for reducing the power supply amount to be supplied to the common load is generated. 19. The method of claim 15, further comprising monitoring the power consumption amount data and a power consumption amount of the common load in real time. 