A solar electricity system, comprising a solar collection surface adapted to convert light into DC electricity; a power inverter to convert the DC electricity into AC electricity; and a power cable connected to the power inverter, the power cable comprising a male plug on its distal end adapted to mate with a female power receptacle on a building structure.
Claims 1. A solar electricity system, comprising: a solar collection surface adapted to convert light into DC electricity; a power inverter to convert the DC electricity into AC electricity; and a power cable connected to the power inverter, the power cable comprising a male plug on its distal end adapted to mate with a female power receptacle on a building structure. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising a second power cable connected to the power inverter, the second power cable comprising a female power receptacle on its distal end. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the male plug comprises a 110 volt U.S. Type B plug comprising a hot, a neutral, and a ground prong. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the male plug comprises a 220 volt Nema 14-30 or Nema 14-50 plug comprising two hot, a neutral, and a ground prong. 5. The system of claim 2, wherein the female receptacle comprises a 110 volt U.S. Type B receptacle comprising a hot, a neutral, and a ground slot. 6. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a second solar collection surface adapted to convert light into DC electricity; a second power inverter to convert the DC electricity into AC electricity; and a second power cable connected to the second power inverter, the second power cable comprising a second male plug on its distal end adapted to mate with a second female power receptacle on a building structure. 7. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a second solar collection surface adapted to convert light into DC electricity; a second power inverter to convert the DC electricity into AC electricity; and a second power cable connected to the second power inverter, the second power cable comprising a second male plug on its distal end adapted to mate with a female power receptacle; and a power aggregation point comprising a plurality of female power receptacles, a first female power receptacle mated with the male plug, and a second female power receptacle mated with the second male plug, the power aggregation point further comprising a third power cable comprising a third male plug on its distal end adapted to mate with a female power receptacle on a building structure. 8. The system of claim 2, further comprising: a second solar collection surface adapted to convert light into DC electricity; a second power inverter to convert the DC electricity into AC electricity; and a third power cable connected to the second power inverter, the third power cable comprising a third male plug on its distal end adapted to mate with the female power receptacle on the distal end of the second power cable. 9. The system of claim 1, further comprising a water heating system comprising a thermally conductive water conduit at least partially wrapped around the power inverter, the water conduit adapted to receive heat from the power inverter and heat the water flowing therethrough. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein a first portion of the water conduit is wrapped around the power inverter, and a second portion of the water conduit is mounted to a bottom side of the solar collection surface. 11. The system of claim 1, further comprising a mounting bracket connected to each corner of the solar collection surface, each mounting bracket comprising a hole therethrough adapted to receive a fastener to mount the system to a building structure. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein at least one of the mounting brackets are pivotally connected to the corner of the solar collection surface. 13. A solar electricity system, comprising: a solar collection surface adapted to convert light into DC electricity; a power inverter to convert the DC electricity into AC electricity; and a first set of mounting brackets connected to the solar collection surface, each mounting bracket comprising a hole therethrough adapted to receive a fastener to mount the system to a building structure. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein at least one of the mounting brackets are connected to a corner of the solar collection surface. 15. The system of claim 13, wherein at least one of the mounting brackets are pivotally connected to a corner of the solar collection surface. 16. The system of claim 13, wherein the first set of mounting brackets comprises four (4) mounting brackets, each mounting bracket is pivotally connected to a corner of the solar collection surface 17. The system of claim 13, further comprising a second solar collection surface adapted to convert light into DC electricity; a second power inverter to convert the DC electricity into AC electricity; a second set of mounting brackets connected to each corner of the second solar collection surface, each mounting bracket comprising a hole therethrough adapted to receive a fastener to mount the system to a building structure; wherein at least one mounting bracket of the first set has a hole aligned with a hole of at least one mounting bracket of the second set, such that a single fastener can be passed through the mounting bracket of the first set and the mounting bracket of the second set in order to mount both systems to a building structure. 18. A method of generating electricity, comprising: mounting a solar electricity system on a roof of a building structure, the solar electricity system comprising a solar collection surface adapted to convert light into DC electricity; a power inverter to convert the DC electricity into AC electricity; and a power cable connected to the power inverter, the power cable comprising a male plug on its distal end plugging the male plug into a female power receptacle on the building structure; and exposing the solar collection surface to sunlight. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising mounting a plurality of solar electricity systems on the roof, and plugging each of their male plugs into a power strip, which power strip comprises a male plug which is plugged into a female power receptacle on the building structure. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein the solar electricity system further comprises a female power receptacle connected to the power inverter, further comprising creating a daisychain of multiple solar electricity systems by plugging the male plug of a first solar electricity system into a female receptacle of a second solar electricity system. 