A wind powered turbine is comprised of a frame on which is horizontally and rotatably supported a rotor on a rotor shaft. The rotor is formed by three or more radial blade members which are secured to the rotor shaft. The radial blade members are equidistantly spaced from one another and each have support arms and a wind vane secured at an outer end portion of the support arms. The wind vane is shaped to capture an airflow directed thereagainst for displacement thereof to create a rotational force about the rotor shaft to rotate the shaft about its longitudinal central axis. The radial blade members are rigidly interconnected to one another at an outer end portion thereof by tension adjustable bracing tie wires. A wind channeling guide assembly accelerates and directs the airflow in an actuating airflow path to impinge upon at leas of the wind vanes positioned in the actuating airflow path.
Claims 1. A horizontal wind powered turbine comprising a frame on which is horizontally and rotatably supported a rotor on a rotor shaft, said rotor being formed by three or more radial blade members secured to said rotor shaft by securement means, said radial blade members being equidistantly spaced from one another, each said radial blade member having support arms and a wind vane secured to an outer end portion of said support arms, said wind vane being shaped to capture an airflow directed thereagainst for displacement thereof to create a rotational force about said rotor shaft to rotate said rotor shaft about a longitudinal central axis thereof, said radial blade members being rigidly interconnected to one another at an outer end portion thereof by tension adjustable bracing means, and wind channeling guide means to accelerate and direct said airflow in an actuating airflow path to impinge upon said wind vanes positioned in said actuating airflow path to displace said wind vane by wind drag. 2. A horizontal wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 1 wherein said tension adjustable bracing means is comprised by tie-wires of equal lengths secured to an adjustable wire connector secured to said support arms of said radial blade members. 3. A horizontal wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 2 wherein said adjustable wire connector is secured to a free outer end of each said support arms, said wind vane being secured between two support arms. 4. A horizontal wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 3 wherein said adjustable wire connector is a wire retention member displaceable by positioning means along a longitudinal axis of said support arms. 5. A horizontal wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 4 wherein said wire retention member is a wire attachment sleeve about which loop ends of opposed tie-wires are retained captive, said wire attachment sleeve being displaced along a threaded bolt secured in a top end of said support arms, said positioning means being lock nuts threadably secured to said threaded bolt with said sleeve held captive therebetween. 6. A horizontal wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 3 wherein said adjustable wire connector is an adjustable bolt connector having a threaded shaft portion threadably connected in said free outer end, a wire attaching sleeve supported by said threaded shaft portion for captively receiving an end attaching loop of opposed tie-wires, said bolt connector having an engageable outer head to impart rotation of said bolt connector to cause displacement of said wire attaching sleeve to increase or decrease tension in said opposed tie-wires to balance and strengthen said radial blade members about said rotor shaft. 7. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 3 wherein said securement means is comprised by two shaft connecting assemblies, each assembly having three or more rigid posts immovably secured to said shaft and spaced apart to displaceably interconnect with an inner connecting end portion of said two support arms of said three or more radial blade members. 8. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 7 wherein said rigid posts are hollow tubular posts, said support arms being straight rods having a cross-section for close sliding fit engagement in respective ones of said hollow tubular posts, and arresting means to temporarily immovably secure said straight rods in said hollow tubular posts at a predetermined position. 9. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 8 wherein there is further provided spring biasing means held captive in said hollow tubular posts to permit axial displacement of said straight rods due to thermal expansion and contraction, said tie-wires maintaining said solid rods captive in said hollow tubular posts. 10. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 7 wherein said two shaft connecting assemblies further comprises flat disc connectors having a hub secured to said shaft, said three or more rigid posts being secured to a side wall of said flat disc. 11. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 10 wherein said shaft connecting assemblies are made of steel, said two support arms and said wind vane being constructed of lightweight aluminum material. 12. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 1 wherein said wind vanes are shaped as buckets having an elongated inwardly curved inner wall and opposed transverse end walls, said opposed transverse end walls having a straight forward edge, said support arms being straight support arms, said outer end portion of said support arms being secured to a respective one of said straight forward edge of said transverse end walls. 13. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 12 wherein said inwardly curved inner wall has a cross-sectional shape which is one of semi-elliptical or semi-circular. 14. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 12 wherein said transverse end walls are wind captivating end walls, and wherein there is further provided one or more spaced intermediate wind captivating walls between said end walls. 15. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 14 wherein at least a further one of said support arms is secured to said straight forward edge of one or more of said intermediate wind captivating walls. 16. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 1 wherein said wind channeling guide means comprises an air inlet channeling structure comprised by an inclined guide ramp wall below an air inlet end of said frame and an adjustable venturi gate hingedly secured to said frame above said air inlet end, said adjustable venturi gate having an inner wall surface defining a curvature to impart a venturi effect to said airflow upwind of said air inlet end when positioned a predetermined distance spaced from said ramp wall to accelerate said airflow. 17. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 16 wherein said adjustable venturi gate is displaceable from an open position to a closed position, when in said closed position said adjustable gate substantially obstructs said air inlet end, said adjustable gate being biased to said open position by pressure exerting means and gate displacement means to displace and retain said gate at a desired position against said pressure exerting means. 18. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 17 wherein said pressure exerting means is constituted by one or more shocks. 19. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 16 wherein said ramp wall is provided with a plurality of vertical guide ribs disposed spaced-apart and axially oriented towards said air inlet end to redirect air from said airflow path impinging thereupon angularly. 20. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 17 wherein said gate displacement means is comprised by a pulley and cable motor driven mechanism controlled by a controller unit. 21. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 17 wherein said gate displacement means is comprised by a mechanically adjustable mechanism. 22. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 16 wherein said frame is provided with an outwardly curved top wall spaced above said radial blade members and extending from said air inlet end to an outlet end. 23. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 16 wherein said wind powered turbine is a bi-directional turbine, and wherein a rear end of said frame is provided with top and bottom outlet gates hingedly secured to a top half and lower half portion of said frame above said half potions, said outlet gates being biased in an open position by pressure exerting means, and gate displacement means to position said outlet gates to guide back winds into said lower half portion of said frame to create a reverse actuating airflow path to impinge upon said radial blade members in a lower portion of said frame, said inclined guide ramp wall having a hinged ramp section hingeable inward to create an opening below said air inlet end for the passage and guidance of said reverse actuating airflow path, said hinged ramp section providing a guide wall surface for said reverse actuating airflow path. 24. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 1 wherein two or more of said wind powered turbines are disposed in side-by-side relationship with their rotor shaft interconnected by a flexible coupling to form a common rotor shaft driven by said two or more wind power turbines. 25. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 24 wherein said flexible coupling is comprised of a sprocket secured to adjacent ends of said rotor shaft, said sprockets being interconnected together by a chain link belt engaged about said sprockets to permit flexibility between said interconnected rotor shafts. 26. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 24 wherein said wind powered turbines are further disposed in spaced back-to-back spaced relationship. 27. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 17 wherein said rotor shaft is drivingly connected to an electric motor to generate a variable electric voltage, a regenerative drive with a torque set point supplies a regulated output voltage to an electrical network infrastructure of a building to be supplied by said wind powered turbine. 28. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 27 wherein there is further comprised a system controller for controlling said wind powered turbine, said controller controlling said gate displacement means, and sensors secured to said controller for monitoring wind speed, noise and vibration. 29. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 22 wherein said outwardly curved top wall of said frame and a top surface of said adjustable venturi gate are provided with photocells to increase the W/m.sup.2 (watts per meter square) generated on a roof top to which said wind powered turbines are installed. 30. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 23 wherein said outwardly curved top wall of said framer and a top surface adjustable venturi gate and said top outlet gate are provided with photocells to increase the W/m.sup.2 (watts per meter square) generated on a roof top to which said wind powered turbines are installed. 31. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 29 wherein said photocells are photovoltaic photocells formed as a flexible sheet. 32. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 30 wherein said photocells are photovoltaic photocells formed as a flexible sheet. 33. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 1 wherein said wind vanes are elongated elliptically-shaped wind vanes having an elliptical transverse cross-section and define a convexly curved front nose section and inwardly and rearwardly tapered lower and upper walls terminating in a narrow pointed rear edge. 34. A horizontal wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 33 wherein said tension adjustable bracing means is comprised by tie-wires of equal lengths secured to an adjustable wire connector secured to said support arms of said radial blade members. 35. A horizontal wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 34 wherein said adjustable wire connector is secured to a free outer end of each said support arms, said wind vane being secured between two support arms. 36. A horizontal wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 35 wherein said adjustable wire connector is a wire retention member displaceable by positioning means along a longitudinal axis of said support arms. 37. A horizontal wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 36 wherein said wire retention member is a wire attachment sleeve about which loop ends of opposed tie-wires are retained captive, said wire attachment sleeve being displaced along a threaded bolt secured in a top end of said support arms, said positioning means being lock nuts threadably secured to said threaded bolt with said sleeve held captive therebetween. 38. A horizontal wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 35 wherein said adjustable wire connector is an adjustable bolt connector having a threaded shaft portion threadably connected in said free outer end, a wire attaching sleeve supported by said threaded shaft portion for captively receiving an end attaching loop of opposed tie-wires, said bolt connector having an engageable outer head to impart rotation of said bolt connector to cause displacement of said wire attaching sleeve to increase or decrease tension in said opposed tie-wires to balance and strengthen said radial blade members about said rotor shaft. 39. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 35 wherein said securement means is comprised by two shaft connecting assemblies, each assembly having three or more rigid posts immovably secured to said shaft and spaced apart to displaceably interconnect with an inner connecting end portion of said two support arms of said three or more radial blade members. 40. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 39 wherein said rigid posts are hollow tubular posts, said support arms being straight rods having a cross-section for close sliding fit engagement in respective ones of said hollow tubular posts, and arresting means to temporarily immovably secure said straight rods in said hollow tubular posts at a predetermined position. 41. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 40 wherein there is further provided spring biasing means held captive in said hollow tubular posts to permit axial displacement of said straight rods due to thermal expansion and contraction, said tie-wires maintaining said solid rods captive in said hollow tubular posts. 42. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 39 wherein said two shaft connecting assemblies further comprises flat disc connectors having a hub secured to said shaft, said three or more rigid posts being secured to a side wall of said flat disc. 43. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 42 wherein said shaft connecting assemblies are made of steel, said two support arms and said wind vane being constructed of lightweight aluminum material. 44. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 33 wherein said wind channeling guide means comprises an air inlet channeling structure comprised by an inclined guide ramp wall below an air inlet end of said frame and an adjustable venturi gate hingedly secured to said frame above said air inlet end, said adjustable venturi gate having an inner wall surface defining a curvature to impart a venturi effect to said airflow upwind of said air inlet end when positioned a predetermined distance spaced from said ramp wall to accelerate said airflow. 45. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 44 wherein said adjustable venturi gate is displaceable from an open position to a closed position, when in said closed position said adjustable gate substantially obstructs said air inlet end, said adjustable gate being biased to said open position by pressure exerting means and gate displacement means to displace and retain said gate at a desired position against said pressure exerting means. 46. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 45 wherein said pressure exerting means is constituted by one or more shocks. 47. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 44 wherein said ramp wall is provided with a plurality of vertical guide ribs disposed spaced-apart and axially oriented towards said air inlet end to redirect air from said airflow path impinging thereupon angularly. 48. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 44 wherein said frame is provided with an outwardly curved top wall spaced above said radial blade members and extending from said air inlet end to an outlet end. 49. A wind powered turbine as claimed in claim 33 wherein there are a plurality of said elliptically-shaped wind vanes secured spaced-apart about said rotor shaft. 