The present invention provides control for airflow to a wind turbine that allows a wind turbine to operate cost effectively and efficiently in a wide range of speeds and a variety of ambient conditions. A system has a housing, a wind turbine assembly located within an interior space of the housing, and at least one moveable shutter or deflector. The wind turbine assembly includes a shaft, a plurality of air foils or turbine blades, and a plurality of spars supporting the plurality of air foils or turbine blades rotatably around the shaft. At least one movable shutter or deflector is coupled to the housing and adjustably positioned relative to the open sides of the housing to be able to move between different positions to partially or fully cover each open side depending upon the wind speed of the ambient wind.
Claims 1. A system, comprising: a wind turbine assembly including: a shaft, a plurality of air foils, and a plurality of spars supporting the plurality of air foils rotatably around the shaft; a housing having an interior space wherein the wind turbine assembly is disposed within the interior space, and a plurality of open sides surrounding the wind turbine assembly capable of receiving ambient wind; and at least one movable shutter coupled to the housing and adjustably positioned relative to the open sides of the housing to be able to move between different positions to partially or fully cover each open side depending upon the wind speed of the ambient wind. 2. The system according to claim 1, wherein said plurality of air foils are made of ultralight or light weight material. 3. The system according to claim 2, wherein the at least one movable shutter is adjustably positioned relative to the open sides of the housing such that the areas of the open sides that are partially covered by the at least one moveable shutter vary depending upon the orientation of an open side relative to incident wind, the wind speed of the incident ambient wind, and a maximum mass air flow rate permitted through the wind turbine assembly, whereby the light weight air foils of the wind turbine assembly may operate in an incident ambient wind having a wind speed ranging from 2 miles per hour to 120 miles per hour. 4. The system according to claim 1, wherein the at least one movable shutter comprises a set of curtains arranged around the wind turbine assembly. 5. The system according to claim 1, wherein the at least one movable shutter comprises a unitary curtain arranged around the wind turbine assembly. 6. The system according to claim 1, wherein the at least one movable shutter is automatically adjusted via a control system to control a mass flow rate of air into the housing. 7. The system according to claim 1, wherein the at least one movable shutter is manually adjustable to control a mass flow rate of air into the housing. 8. The system according to claim 1, wherein the at least one movable shutter comprises a plurality of vertically disposed blades, wherein each of the blades are movable between the extended position and the retracted so as to control a mass flow rate of air into the housing. 9. The system according to claim 8, wherein the vertically disposed blades are individually pivotably adjustable. 10. The system according to claim 1, wherein the at least one movable shutter comprises a plurality of horizontally disposed blades, wherein each of the blades are movable between the extended position and the retracted so as to control a mass flow rate of air through the housing. 11. The system according to claim 10, wherein the horizontally disposed blades are individually pivotably adjustable. 12. The system according to claim 1, wherein the housing further comprises at least one solar panel to generate electrical power. 13. The system according to claim 1, wherein the housing is further configured for mounting on an exterior of a building, home, dock, ship, or other structure exposed to an ambient wind. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein the wind turbine assembly comprises an ultralight or lightweight wind turbine assembly and the at least one moveable shutter is hurricane rated. 15. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a plurality of wind intakes positioned within the interior space in each side of the housing, configured to direct the ambient wind at an angle .alpha. into the wind turbine assembly. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the angle .alpha. is 45 degrees. 17. The system of claim 15, each wind intake further comprising: a first and a second ramp, coupled between edges of the housing and the wind turbine assembly and extending from a first side to a second side of each side of the housing, wherein the at least two ramps in each side of the housing partially cover the wind turbine assembly, wherein the first and second sides are perpendicular to the axis of rotation of the wind turbine assembly, and wherein each edge coupled to the first or second ramp is parallel to the axis of rotation of the wind turbine assembly. 18. The system of claim 17, the wind intake further comprising: a second ramp, coupled between the first side of each side of the housing and a first end of the wind turbine assembly; and a third ramp, coupled between the second side of each side of the housing and a second end of the wind turbine assembly. 19. The system of claim 17, each of the first and second ramps further comprising: a fixed ramp; a rotating ramp configured to partially impede airflow from entering the wind turbine assembly when the rotating ramp no longer approximately in a line with the fixed ramp; and a hinge coupled between the fixed ramp and the rotating ramp configured to support the rotation of the rotating ramp. 20. A method, comprising: disposing a wind turbine assembly having blades in an interior space of a housing; and adjustably positioning at least one moveable shutter relative to open sides of the housing to at least partially cover the open sides depending upon the wind speed of the ambient wind. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein the adjustably positioning includes pivotably rotating the blades in the wind turbine assembly. 22. The method of claim 20, wherein the wind turbine assembly comprises an ultralight or lightweight wind turbine assembly and the at least one moveable shutter is hurricane rated. 23. The method of claim 20, further comprising: directing the ambient wind into the wind turbine assembly at an angle .alpha. using a wind intake positioned within the interior space. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein the wind intake comprises a plurality of ramps. 