Systems and methods for modeling the behavior of an enclosure for use by a control system of an HVAC system are described. A model for the enclosure that describes the behavior of the enclosure for use by the control system is updated based on a weather forecast data. The weather forecast data can include predictions more than 24 hours in the future, and can include predictions such as temperature, humidity and/or dew point, solar output, precipitation. The model for the enclosure can also be updated based on additional information and data such as historical weather data such as temperature, humidity, wind, solar output and precipitation, occupancy data, such as predicted and/or detected occupancy data, calendar data, and data from the one or more weather condition sensors that sense current parameters such as temperature, humidity, wind, precipitation, and/or solar output. The model for the enclosure can be updated based also on an enclosure model stored in a database, and/or on enclosure information from a user. The model can be updated based on active testing of the enclosure which can be performed automatically or in response to user input. The testing can include heating and/or cooling the enclosure at times when the enclosure is not likely to be occupied.
Claims 1. A method for modeling internal environmental behavior of an enclosure for use by a control system of an HVAC system installed in the enclosure comprising: actively inducing a change in the internal environment of the enclosure; measuring a response of the internal environment of the enclosure at least in part due to the induced change; and updating with a processing system a model for the enclosure that describes behavior of the enclosure for use by the control system, the updating being based at least in part on the measurement of the response from the induced change. 2. A method according to claim 1 wherein the change is actively induced primarily for purposes of updating the model for the enclosure. 3. A method according to claim 1 where the measured response of the internal environment of the enclosure is further based in part on exterior environmental conditions. 4. A method according to claim 1 wherein the induced change and the response are monitored by an excitation monitor that determines if the change and/or response is adequate to generate an updated model for the enclosure. 5. A method according to claim 1 wherein the change is actively induced in response to input by a user. 6. A method according to claim 1 wherein the change is actively induced automatically by the processing system. 7. A method according to claim 6 wherein the change is actively induced at a time when the enclosure is likely to be unoccupied. 8. A method according to claim 6 wherein the change is actively induced due in part to a change of season. 9. A method according to claim 6 wherein the change is actively induced based at least in part on the type of enclosure. 10. A method according to claim 6 wherein the change is actively induced based at least in part on a difference between measurements made within the enclosure and values predicted by the model. 11. A method according to claim 6 wherein the processing system determines if the change will be actively induced based at least in part on a cost function. 12. A method according to claim 1 wherein the induced change is heating within at least a portion of the enclosure using the HVAC system. 13. A method according to claim 1 wherein the induced change is cooling within at least a portion of the enclosure using the HVAC system. 14. A method according to claim 1 wherein the induced change is changing the humidity within at least a portion of the enclosure. 15. A method according to claim 1 wherein the enclosure is a dwelling. 16. A system for modeling internal environmental behavior of an enclosure for use by a control system of an HVAC system installed in the enclosure comprising a processing system adapted and programmed to actively induce a change in the internal environment of the enclosure primarily for purposes of updating a model for the enclosure that describes behavior of the enclosure for use by the control system, to measure a response of the internal environment of the enclosure at least in part due to the induced change and to update the model for the enclosure based at least in part on the measurement of the response from the induced change. 17. A system according to claim 16 where the measured response of the internal environment of the enclosure is further based in part on exterior environmental conditions. 18. A system according to claim 16 wherein the processing system includes an excitation monitor that monitors the induced change and the response and is programmed to determine if the change and/or response is adequate to generate an updated model for the enclosure. 19. A system according to claim 16 wherein the change is actively induced in response to input by a user. 20. A system according to claim 16 wherein the change is actively induced automatically by the processing system. 21. A system according to claim 20 wherein the change is actively induced at a time when the enclosure is likely to be unoccupied. 22. A system according to claim 20 wherein the change is actively induced due in part to a change of season. 23. A system according to claim 20 wherein the change is actively induced based at least in part on the type of enclosure. 24. A system according to claim 20 wherein the change is actively induced based at least in part on a difference between measurements made within the enclosure and values predicted by the model. 25. A system according to claim 20 wherein the processing system determines if the change will be actively induced based at least in part on a cost function. 26. A system according to claim 16 wherein the induced change is heating within at least a portion of the enclosure. 27. A system according to claim 16 wherein the induced change is cooling within at least a portion of the enclosure. 28. A system according to claim 16 wherein the enclosure is a dwelling. 29. A system according to claim 16 wherein the processing system forms part of the control system of the HVAC system. 30. A method for modeling the internal environmental behavior of an enclosure for use by a control system of an HVAC system installed in the enclosure, the method comprising: receiving weather forecast data predicting future weather conditions for a region including the location of the enclosure; updating a model for the enclosure that describes behavior of the enclosure for use by the control system, the updating being based at least in part on the weather forecast data; and controlling the HVAC system with the control system using the updated model for the enclosure. 31. A method according to claim 30 wherein the model for the enclosure describes thermodynamic behavior of the enclosure. 32. A method according to claim 30 wherein the weather forecast data includes predictions more than 24 hours in the future. 33. A method according to claim 30 wherein the weather forecast data includes predictions of humidity and/or dew point. 34. A method according to claim 30 wherein the weather forecast data includes predictions relating to solar output. 35. A method according to claim 30 wherein the weather forecast data includes predictions of precipitation. 36. A method according to claim 30 further comprising receiving historical weather data, wherein the model for the enclosure is updated based in part on the historical weather data. 37. A method according to claim 36 wherein the historical weather data includes one or more types of data selected from a group consisting of: temperature, humidity, wind, solar output and precipitation. 38. A method according to claim 30 further comprising receiving occupancy data, wherein the model for the enclosure is updated based in part on the occupancy data. 39. A method according to claim 38 occupancy data includes predicted occupancy for the future. 40. A method according to claim 30 further comprising receiving calendar data, wherein the model for the enclosure is updated based in part on the calendar data. 41. A method according to claim 30 further comprising receiving weather condition data representing current weather conditions, wherein the model for the enclosure is updated based in part on the weather condition data. 42. A method according to claim 41 wherein the weather condition data is gathered at least in part from one or more weather condition sensors located on or near the enclosure. 43. A method according to claim 42 wherein the one or more weather condition sensors includes sensors of one or more types selected from a group consisting of: temperature, humidity, wind, precipitation, and solar output. 44. A method according to claim 42 further comprising automatically discovering the location one or more of the weather condition sensors. 45. A method according to claim 41 wherein the weather condition data is includes data obtained from one or more third party sources. 46. A method according to claim 45 wherein the one or more third party sources include government and/or privately operated weather stations. 47. A method according to claim 30 further comprising receiving a model from a database of enclosure models, wherein the model for the enclosure is updated based in part the model. 48. A method according to claim 30 further comprising receiving structural information relating to the physical structure of the enclosure, wherein the model for the enclosure is updated based in part on the structural information. 49. A method according to claim 48 wherein the structural information includes one or more types of information selected from a group consisting of: number of rooms, number of bedrooms, area, use of rooms, construction materials, insulation, and type of windows. 50. A method according to claim 48 wherein the structural information is obtained at least in part from a third party database. 51. A method according to claim 48 wherein the structural information is obtained at least in part from a user. 52. A method according to claim 30 wherein the enclosure is a dwelling. 53. A system for modeling internal environmental behavior of an enclosure for use by a control system of an HVAC system installed in the enclosure, the system comprising a processing system adapted and programmed to receive weather forecast data predicting future weather conditions for a region including the location of the enclosure, and to update a model for the enclosure that describes behavior of the enclosure for use by the control system, the updating being based at least in part on the weather forecast data. 54. A system according to claim 53 wherein the model for the enclosure describes thermodynamic behavior of the enclosure. 55. A system according to claim 53 wherein the weather forecast data includes predictions more than 24 hours in the future. 56. A system according to claim 53 wherein the weather forecast data includes predictions of humidity and/or dew point. 57. A system according to claim 53 wherein the weather forecast data includes predictions relating to solar output. 58. A system according to claim 53 wherein the weather forecast data includes predictions of precipitation. 59. A system according to claim 53 wherein processing system is further adapted and programmed to receive historical weather data, and the model for the enclosure is updated based in part on the historical weather data. 60. A system according to claim 58 wherein the historical weather data includes one or more types of data selected from a group consisting of: temperature, humidity, wind, solar output and precipitation. 61. A system according to claim 53 wherein processing system is further adapted and programmed to receive occupancy data, and the model for the enclosure is updated based in part on the occupancy data. 62. A system according to claim 60 occupancy data includes predicted occupancy for the future. 63. A system according to claim 53 wherein processing system is further adapted and programmed to receive calendar data, and the model for the enclosure is updated based in part on the calendar data. 64. A system according to claim 53 wherein the processing system is further adapted and programmed to receive weather condition data representing current weather conditions, wherein the model for the enclosure is updated based in part on the weather condition data. 65. A system according to claim 64 wherein the weather condition data is gathered at least in part from one or more weather condition sensors located on or near the enclosure. 66. A system according to claim 65 wherein the one or more weather condition sensors includes sensors of one or more types selected from a group consisting of: temperature, humidity, wind, precipitation, and solar output. 67. A system according to claim 65 wherein processing system is further adapted and programmed to automatically discover the location one or more of the weather condition sensors. 68. A system according to claim 64 wherein the weather condition data is includes data obtained from one or more third party sources. 69. A system according to claim 68 wherein the one or more third party sources include government and/or privately operated weather stations. 70. A system according to claim 53 wherein processing system is further adapted and programmed to receive a model from a database of enclosure models, and the model for the enclosure is updated based in part the model. 71. A system according to claim 53 wherein processing system is further adapted and programmed to receive structural information relating to the physical structure of the enclosure, and the model for the enclosure is updated based in part on the structural information. 72. A system according to claim 71 wherein the structural information includes one or more types of information selected from a group consisting of: number of rooms, number of bedrooms, area, use of rooms, construction materials, insulation, and type of windows. 73. A system according to claim 71 wherein the structural information is obtained at least in part from a third party database. 74. A system according to claim 71 wherein the structural information is obtained at least in part from a user. 75. A system according to claim 53 wherein the enclosure is a dwelling. 76. A system for modeling internal environmental behavior of an enclosure for use by a control system of an HVAC system installed in the enclosure comprising a processing system adapted and programmed monitor environmental conditions exterior to the enclosure, and environmental conditions of the interior of the enclosure, and to update a model for the enclosure that describes thermodynamic behavior of the enclosure for use by the control system, based at least in part on the monitored interior and exterior conditions. 77. A system according to claim 76 wherein the processing system includes an excitation monitor that is programmed to determine if changes in the interior and exterior environmental conditions are adequate to generate an updated model for the enclosure. 