The invention provides advances in the arts with useful and novel battery charger circuits and methods providing improved energy conservation, harvesting, and utilization efficiencies.
Claims 1. A battery charging circuit comprising: an input node for receiving input power; a regulator coupled with the input node; an intermediate storage element coupled with the regulator and an output node; battery charging control circuitry operably coupled for controlling the regulator and intermediate storage element, whereby the charging control circuitry controls the regulator such that it operates at a maximum power point tracking level; and wherein input power may selectably be stored at the intermediate storage element, and transmitted to the output node. 2. The battery charging circuit according to claim 1 wherein the regulator further comprises a boost regulator. 3. The battery charging circuit according to claim 1 wherein the battery charging control circuitry further comprises a circuit for monitoring output node voltage. 4. The battery charging circuit according to claim 1 wherein the battery charging control circuitry further comprises a circuit for monitoring output node current. 5. The battery charging circuit according to claim 1 wherein the battery charging control circuitry further comprises microprocessor controls. 6. The battery charging circuit according to claim 1 wherein the circuit comprises a single microchip device. 7. The battery charging circuit according to claim 1 further comprising a solar cell operably coupled to the input node. 8. The battery charging circuit according to claim 1 further comprising a battery operably coupled to the output node. 9. The battery charging circuit according to claim 1 further comprising a NiMH battery operably coupled to the output node. 10. The battery charging circuit according to claim 1 further comprising a NiCad battery operably coupled to the output node. 11. The battery charging circuit according to claim 1 further comprising: a battery operably coupled to the output node; and wherein the battery charging control circuitry further comprises a circuit for monitoring battery temperature. 12. An integrated maximum power point tracking battery charging circuit comprising: an input node for receiving input power; a boost regulator coupled with the input node; an intermediate storage element coupled with the boost regulator and an output node; and battery charging control circuitry operably coupled for controlling the boost regulator and intermediate storage element; whereby input power may selectably be boosted, stored at the intermediate storage element, and transmitted to the output node. 13. The battery charging circuit according to claim 12 wherein the battery charging control circuitry further comprises a circuit for monitoring output node voltage. 14. The battery charging circuit according to claim 12 wherein the battery charging control circuitry further comprises a circuit for monitoring output node current. 15. The battery charging circuit according to claim 12 wherein the battery charging control circuitry further comprises microprocessor controls. 16. The battery charging circuit according to claim 12 wherein the circuit comprises a single microchip device. 17. The battery charging circuit according to claim 12 further comprising a solar cell operably coupled to the input node. 18. The battery charging circuit according to claim 12 further comprising a NiMH battery operably coupled to the output node. 19. The battery charging circuit according to claim 12 further comprising a NiMH battery operably coupled to the output node. 20. The battery charging circuit according to claim 12 further comprising a NiCad battery operably coupled to the output node. 21. The battery charging circuit according to claim 12 further comprising: a battery operably coupled to the output node; and wherein the battery charging control circuitry further comprises a circuit for monitoring battery temperature. 22. A method for battery charging comprising the steps of: receiving a variable source of power at an input node; regulating the power received at the input node for maximum power point tracking; wherein when input power at a level sufficient to charge an associated battery is detected, providing charging power to the battery; and when input power at a level insufficient to charge an associated battery is detected, charging power is transmitted to an intermediate storage element; and subsequently, when charge at a level sufficient to charge an associated battery is detected in the intermediate storage element, providing charging power to the battery. 23. The method for battery charging according to claim 22 wherein the step of transmitting charging power to the battery further comprises pulsing current provided to the battery. 24. The method for battery charging according to claim 22 wherein the step of transmitting charging power to the battery further comprises pulsing current provided to the battery at a level higher than the average of the current level provided to the battery over a selected time period. 25. The method for battery charging according to claim 22 wherein the step of transmitting charging power to the battery further comprises pulsing current provided to the battery at a level higher than the 1 C level. 