The present invention discloses a data transmission method, pipeline monitoring method, RF transceiver and system. The method comprises: broadcasting and transmitting, by a first radio frequency (RF) transceiver, a data transmission request, and receiving, by the first RF transceiver, a data transmission response returned by a second RF transceiver, wherein the data transmission response includes at least a local identification (ID) of the second RF transceiver as an object ID; analyzing and obtaining, by the first RF transceiver, the object ID from the data transmission response; judging, by the first RF transceiver, whether the second RF transceiver returning the data transmission response is a data receiver according to the local ID and the object ID, if so, sending data to the second RF transceiver; and repeatedly performing, by the second RF transceiver, the above operations of the first RF transceiver, until the local RF transceiver is determined to be the data receiver according to the local ID, and then the data transmission stops. The present invention solves the problem of RF transmission distance limit with the RF devices in a way of point-to-point and directional transmission, thereby realizing the long-distance data transmission at a low cost.
Claims 1. A data transmission method, comprising: broadcasting and transmitting, by a first radio frequency (RF) transceiver, a data transmission request, and receiving, by the first RF transceiver, a data transmission response returned by a second RF transceiver, wherein the data transmission response includes at least a local identification (ID) of the second RF transceiver as an object ID; analyzing and obtaining, by the first RF transceiver, the object ID from the data transmission response; judging, by the first RF transceiver, whether the second RF transceiver returning the data transmission response is a data receiver according to the local ID and the object ID, if so, sending data to the second RF transceiver; and repeatedly performing, by the second RF transceiver, the above operations of the first RF transceiver, until a local RF transceiver is determined to be the data receiver according to the local ID, and then the data transmission stops. 2. The data transmission method according to claim 1, wherein the judging, by the first RF transceiver, whether the second RF transceiver returning the data transmission response is a data receiver according to the local ID and the object ID includes: comparing, by the first RF transceiver, whether the local ID is smaller than the object ID, if so, the second RF transceiver returning the data transmission response is determined as the data receiver, if not, the local RF transceiver is determined as the data receiver. 3. The data transmission method according to claim 1, wherein the data transmission response further includes a group ID, and before the analyzing and obtaining, by the first RF transceiver, the object ID from the data transmission response, the method further includes: analyzing and obtaining, by the first RF transceiver, the group ID, and judging, by the first RF transceiver, whether the analyzed group ID is a local group ID, if so, continuing to perform the following operations, if not, abandoning the data transmission response. 4. A pipeline monitoring method, comprising: collecting, by each of RF transceivers, data from an RFID tag of each of sensors arranged at intervals along the pipeline; sending, by each of the RF transceivers as a first RF transceiver, the data to a data receiver through the data transmission method according to claim 1; and sending, by the data receiver, the data to a master control room to monitor a status of the pipeline according to the data. 5. The pipeline monitoring method according to claim 4, wherein before collecting, by each RF transceiver, data from the RFID tag of each of sensors arranged at intervals along the pipeline, the method further includes: receiving, by the RFID tag, detection parameters provided by the connected sensor as the data. 6. A pipeline monitoring method, comprising: collecting, by each of RF transceivers, data from an RFID tag of each of sensors arranged at intervals along the pipeline; sending, by each of the RF transceivers as a first RF transceiver, the data to a data receiver through the data transmission method according to claim 2; and sending, by the data receiver, the data to a master control room to monitor a status of the pipeline according to the data. 7. The pipeline monitoring method according to claim 6, wherein before collecting, by each RF transceiver, data from the RFID tag of each of sensors arranged at intervals along the pipeline, the method further includes: receiving, by the RFID tag, detection parameters provided by the connected sensor as the data. 8. A pipeline monitoring method, comprising: collecting, by each of RF transceivers, data from an RFID tag of each of sensors arranged at intervals along the pipeline; sending, by each of the RF transceivers as a first RF transceiver, the data to a data receiver through the data transmission method according to claim 3; and sending, by the data receiver, the data to a master control room to monitor a status of the pipeline according to the data. 9. The pipeline monitoring method according to claim 8, wherein before collecting, by each RF transceiver, data from the RFID tag of each of sensors arranged at intervals along the pipeline, the method further includes: receiving, by the RFID tag, detection parameters provided by the connected sensor as the data. 10. An RF transceiver, comprising: a transmission request module, adapted to broadcast and transmit a data transmission request; a response receiving module, adapted to receive a data transmission response returned by a second RF transceiver, wherein the data transmission response includes at least a local ID of the second RF transceiver as an object ID; an ID acquisition module, adapted to analyze and obtain the object ID from the data transmission response; an object judgment module, adapted to judge whether the second RF transceiver returning the data transmission response is a data receiver according to the local ID and the object ID; and a data sending module, adapted to send data to the second RF transceiver when the second RF transceiver returning the data transmission response is determined to be the data receiver. 11. The RF transceiver according to claim 10, further comprising: a data collection module, adapted to collect data from an RFID tag based on an RF mode; and/or a data receiving module, adapted to return the data transmission response when receiving the data transmission request, wherein the data transmission response includes at least the local ID as the object ID, and then receive data. 12. The RF transceiver according to claim 10, further comprising a solar cell and a solar panel, wherein the solar cell generates electricity through the solar panel, and the solar cell is used to provide power supply to each RF transceiver. 13. The RF transceiver according to claim 11, further comprising a solar cell and a solar panel, wherein the solar cell generates electricity through the solar panel, and the solar cell is used to provide power supply to each RF transceiver. 14. The RF transceiver according to claim 12, wherein the solar panel is circumferentially arranged to form a housing to cover the outside of the RF transceiver. 15. The RF transceiver according to claim 13, wherein the solar panel is circumferentially arranged to form a housing to cover the outside of the RF transceiver. 16. A pipeline monitoring system, comprising: multiple RFID tags, arranged at intervals along the pipeline and connected with sensors, for acquiring detection parameters of the sensors as data; multiple RF transceivers according to claim 10, arranged at intervals along the pipeline, for transmitting the data to the data receiver; and the data receiver, adapted to send the data to a master control room when receiving the data sent by the RF transceivers, to monitor a status of the pipeline according to the data. 17. A pipeline monitoring system, comprising: multiple RFID tags, arranged at intervals along the pipeline and connected with sensors, for acquiring detection parameters of the sensors as data; multiple RF transceivers according to claim 11, arranged at intervals along the pipeline, for transmitting the data to the data receiver; and the data receiver, adapted to send the data to a master control room when receiving the data sent by the RF transceivers, to monitor a status of the pipeline according to the data. 18. A pipeline monitoring system, comprising: multiple RFID tags, arranged at intervals along the pipeline and connected with sensors, for acquiring detection parameters of the sensors as data; multiple RF transceivers according to claim 12, arranged at intervals along the pipeline, for transmitting the data to the data receiver; and the data receiver, adapted to send the data to a master control room when receiving the data sent by the RF transceivers, to monitor a status of the pipeline according to the data. 19. A pipeline monitoring system, comprising: multiple RFID tags, arranged at intervals along the pipeline and connected with sensors, for acquiring detection parameters of the sensors as data; multiple RF transceivers according to claim 13, arranged at intervals along the pipeline, for transmitting the data to the data receiver; and the data receiver, adapted to send the data to a master control room when receiving the data sent by the RF transceivers, to monitor a status of the pipeline according to the data. 20. A pipeline monitoring system, comprising: multiple RFID tags, arranged at intervals along the pipeline and connected with sensors, for acquiring detection parameters of the sensors as data; multiple RF transceivers according to claim 14, arranged at intervals along the pipeline, for transmitting the data to the data receiver; and the data receiver, adapted to send the data to a master control room when receiving the data sent by the RF transceivers, to monitor a status of the pipeline according to the data. 21. A pipeline monitoring system, comprising: multiple RFID tags, arranged at intervals along the pipeline and connected with sensors, for acquiring detection parameters of the sensors as data; multiple RF transceivers according to claim 15, arranged at intervals along the pipeline, for transmitting the data to the data receiver; and the data receiver, adapted to send the data to a master control room when receiving the data sent by the RF transceivers, to monitor a status of the pipeline according to the data. 