A system, apparatus, and method are provided for monitoring a subsea flow device such as a subsea flowline. The apparatus generally includes a thermoelectric device that is adapted to generate electric power from a thermal potential between the subsea flow device and the surrounding seawater. A sensor that is powered by the thermoelectric device is adapted to monitor one or more characteristics of the flow device, such as temperature or strain, and provide a radiation output that is indicative of the characteristic.
Claims 1. An apparatus for monitoring a subsea flow device, the apparatus comprising: a thermoelectric device adapted to generate electric power from a thermal potential between the subsea flow device and surrounding seawater; and a sensor powered by the thermoelectric device and adapted to monitor a characteristic of the flow device and provide a radiation output that is indicative of the characteristic. 2. An apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a solar cell and a battery, wherein the solar cell is configured to receive sunlight to charge the battery before deployment of the apparatus, receive light from an underwater source after deployment of the apparatus, and power the sensor to monitor the characteristic of the flow device. 3. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the sensor is adapted to vary the radiation output to indicate the characteristic monitored by the sensor. 4. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the subsea flow device is a subsea flowline formed of a plurality of successive pipe segments joined at joints, and wherein the thermoelectric device is mounted to the flowline at one of the joints. 5. An apparatus according to claim 4, wherein the sensor is configured to monitor at least one of a temperature and a strain of the flowline and communicate a signal indicative of at least one of the temperature and strain by providing a varying light output on the flowline. 6. An apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a memory collocated with the thermoelectric device and the sensor, the memory being adapted to store information from the sensor that is indicative of the characteristic over a period of time and output the information for the period of time. 7. A system for monitoring a subsea flow device, the system comprising a plurality of the apparatuses of claim 5, the apparatuses being disposed respectively at successive joints along the length of the flowline. 8. A system according to claim 7, wherein each apparatus located at a respective joint is configured to communicate signals indicative of the characteristic at a plurality of joints to a successive one of the apparatuses located at a joint successive to the respective joint. 9. A method for monitoring a subsea flow device, the method comprising: generating electric power from a thermal potential between the subsea flow device and surrounding seawater; using the electric power to operate a sensor and thereby monitoring a characteristic of the flow device; and providing a radiation output that is indicative of the characteristic monitored by the sensor. 10. A method according to claim 9, further comprising using a solar cell to receive light from an underwater source and thereby provide light-derived power, and powering the sensor with the light-derived power. 11. A method according to claim 9, further comprising: using a solar cell to receive sunlight before the flow device is deployed to a subsea location and thereby provide sunlight-derived power; charging a battery with the sunlight-derived power; and powering the sensor with the battery when the thermal potential is not sufficient for powering the sensor. 12. A method according to claim 11, further comprising: subsequent to said step of powering the sensor with the battery, using the solar cell to receive light from an underwater source and thereby provide light-derived power; and powering the sensor with the light-derived power. 13. A method according to claim 12, wherein the underwater source is provided by an underwater vehicle, and further comprising detecting the radiation output from the sensor with the underwater vehicle to thereby determine the characteristic monitored by the sensor. 14. A method according to claim 9, further comprising mounting an apparatus to the subsea flow device, the apparatus being configured to perform the steps of generating the electric power, using the electric power, and providing the radiation output, wherein the subsea flow device is a subsea flowline having a plurality of successive pipe segments joined at joints, and wherein the thermoelectric device is mounted to the pipe at one of the joints. 15. A method according to claim 14, wherein providing the radiation output comprises varying a light output on the flowline and thereby indicating at least one of a temperature and a strain of the flowline. 16. A method according to claim 14, wherein the steps of generating the electric power, using the electric power, and providing the radiation output are performed at a plurality of locations at successive positions along the length of the flowline. 17. A method according to claim 16, further comprising passing an underwater vehicle along the flowline and successively detecting the radiation output from the sensors with the underwater vehicle to thereby determine the characteristic monitored by each of the sensors. 18. A method according to claim 9, further comprising storing information from the sensor in a memory mounted on the subsea flow device, the information being indicative of the characteristic over a period of time, and outputting the information for the period of time from the memory. 19. A method according to claim 9, further comprising communicating a signal indicative of at least one of the temperature and the strain of the flow device from the sensor to a distal receiver. 20. A method according to claim 19, wherein the generating, using, and providing steps comprise generating electric power at a plurality of locations along the subsea flow device, using the electric power to operate a sensor at each location, and providing a radiation output at each location that is indicative of the characteristic monitored by the sensor at the location. 21. A method according to claim 20, further comprising communicating signals indicative of the characteristic monitored by a plurality of the sensors from each sensor to a successive one of the sensors at a successive one of the locations such that the signals are communicated step-wise along the subsea flow device. 22. A method according to claim 21, wherein each sensor is configured to communicate wirelessly, directly with at least two successive sensors along the subsea flow device. 