A process for operating a stringer (10) for connecting solar cells in series by solder ribbon cut-offs cut from continuous solder ribbon strip, includes monitoring depletion of the momentarily-employed continuous solder ribbon strip (13a) by a monitoring unit (16) detecting when the end (17) of this strip (13a) approaches, entering a new roll (2) with a new continuous solder ribbon strip (13b), connecting the end (17) of the momentarily-employed strip (13a) to this new strip (13b) thereby forming a composite continuous solder ribbon strip that includes a connection, moving this composite strip to a cutting station (14), cutting this composite strip into solder ribbon cut-offs in cutting station (14), and removing the ribbon cut-off that includes this connection. Also, stringer apparatus for performing such process.
Claims 1. A process for operating a solar cell stringer comprising the steps of: monitoring depletion of currently-employed continuous solder ribbon strip supply with a monitoring unit; detecting the approach of an end of the supplied currently-employed continuous solder ribbon strip; entering a new solder ribbon strip supply roll in the supply path; connecting the end of the currently-employed continuous solder ribbon strip to the new solder ribbon strip at a connecting station; forming a composite continuous solder ribbon strip including a connection by said step of connecting the end of the currently-employed continuous solder ribbon strip to the new solder ribbon strip; moving the composite continuous solder ribbon strip to a cutting station; cutting the composite continuous solder ribbon strip into solder ribbon cut-offs in the cutting station; and, removing a solder ribbon cut-off that contains the connection. 2. A process for operating a solar cell stringer as claimed in claim 1, further comprising the steps of: monitoring the solder ribbon cut-offs with a surveillance unit subsequently to said step of cutting the composite continuous solder ribbon strip into solder ribbon cut-offs in the cutting station; detecting a solder ribbon cut-off containing a connection with said surveillance unit by said step of monitoring the solder ribbon cut-offs with a surveillance unit; and, executing said step of removing a solder ribbon cut-off that contains the connection based on said step of detecting a solder ribbon cut-off containing a connection with said surveillance unit. 3. A process for operating a solar cell stringer as claimed in claim 1, further comprising the steps of: storing in a control unit the number of production steps from the connecting station to the cutting station; forming and moving the composite continuous solder ribbon strip within the stored number of production steps from the connecting station to the cutting station; and, executing one additional production step before said step of removing a solder ribbon cut-off that contains the connection. 4. A process for operating a solar cell stringer as claimed in claim 1, further comprising the steps of: storing in a control unit the distance from the connecting station to the cutting station; forming and moving the composite continuous solder ribbon strip by the distance from the connecting station to the cutting station; and, removing the next solder ribbon cut-off after said step of forming and moving the composite continuous solder ribbon strip by the distance from the connecting station to the cutting station. 5. A process for operating a solar cell stringer as claimed in claim 1, further comprising the step of: triggering an alarm by the monitoring unit after said step of detecting the approach of an end of the supplied currently-employed continuous solder ribbon strip. 6. A process for operating a solar cell stringer as claimed in claim 5, further comprising the step of: providing a predetermined time interval before the end of the supplied currently-employed continuous solder ribbon strip enters the connecting station; and, executing at a beginning of said time interval said step of triggering an alarm. 7. A solar cell stringer comprising: a feeding station configured to supply a continuous solder ribbon strip; a monitoring unit configured to monitor depletion of supplied continuous solder ribbon strip; a connecting station configured to form a connection of a solder ribbon strip end, of the continuous solder ribbon strip supplied by said supply arrangement, to a new continuous solder ribbon strip; a cutting station configured to cut continuous solder ribbon strip into solder ribbon cut-offs; and, at least one remover configured to remove a cut solder ribbon cut-off that contains a connection formed by said connecting station. 8. A solar cell stringer as claimed in claim 7 further comprising: at least one gripper in said remover. 9. A solar cell stringer as claimed in claim 8 further comprising: a plurality of grippers in said remover. 10. A solar cell stringer as claimed in claim 7 further comprising: a waste container configured to receive a solder ribbon cut-off removed by said remover. 11. A solar cell stringer as claimed in claim 7 further comprising: an alarm operatively connected to said monitoring unit to signal an alarm when said monitoring unit detects approach of an end of the supplied continuous solder ribbon strip. 12. The solar cell stringer as claimed in claim 11 wherein: said alarm being operatively connected to said monitoring unit to signal an alarm at a predetermined time interval prior to entry of an end of the supplied continuous solder ribbon strip into said connecting station. 13. A solar cell stringer as claimed in claim 7 further comprising: a surveillance unit configured to monitor solder ribbon cut-offs for presence of connections formed by said connecting unit. 14. A solar cell stringer as claimed in claim 7 further comprising: a control unit operatively connected to control said at least one remover, said control unit having a memory device configured to store the number of production steps from said connecting station to said cutting station. 15. A solar cell stringer as claimed in claim 7 further comprising: a control unit operatively connected to control said at least one remover, said control unit having a memory device configured to store the distance from said connecting station to said cutting station. 