A modular floating support structure for a solar panel array, each array module including floatation elements, a framework comprising E-W frame members connected to and aligning the floatation elements as well as N-S frame members providing a base on which panel supports are installed, and coupling hardware for connecting array modules to adjoining modules in both the E-W direction and N-S direction. A wireway/walkway may be disposed between and connect two large array fields. A mooring and anchoring system secures the array to shore, distributes loads along large portions of the array, and prevents loads from being concentrated in small regions of the array, thereby preventing damage from environmental forces typically encountered in outdoor marine environments.
Claims 1. (canceled) 2. A floating support structure for a solar panel array, comprising: a plurality of floatation elements; a framework comprising East-West frame members connected to and aligning said floatation elements, and North-South frame members providing a base on which panel supports are installed, said framework and floatation elements combining to form array modules; coupling hardware for connecting said framework of said array modules to adjoining modules in both the E-W direction and N-S direction; a plurality of solar panels for mounting on said array modules; one or more wireways/walkways disposed between and connecting said array modules in large array fields; and a mooring and anchoring system securing the solar panel array to shore and distributing loads along large portions of the array. 3. The floating support structure of claim 2, wherein said framework includes a combination of diagonal trusses for coupling said East-West frame members and at each of said floatation elements so as to form East-West beams, and Vierendeel trusses connecting said East-West beams and said North-South frame members, said combination providing global array field stability by transferring the wind forces from the array field to predetermined mooring support points. 4. The floating support structure of claim 3, wherein when said the frame members are connected, secondary walkways are defined in an area between connected adjoining array modules and generally oriented in an East-West direction. 5. The floating support structure of claim 3, wherein each of said wireways/walkways run in a generally North-South, and include an elevated housing for electrical equipment, such as electrical wires, combiner boxes, and disconnects. 6. The floating support structure of claim 5, wherein said electrical equipment is disposed generally along the surface of said wireways/walkways in said housing. 7. The floating support structure of claim 5, wherein said wires emerge from said housing proximate an end of said housing and are thereafter submerged before being directed to shore. 8. The floating support structure of claim 7, wherein said wireways/walkways include wire dividers to separate electrical wires for promoting heat dissipation. 9. The floating support structure of claim 2, wherein said mooring and anchoring system includes a plurality of continuous lines threaded through running pulleys attached so said array, thereby providing a constant tension force in said continuous mooring lines, wherein lateral wind load forces imposed on the array are generally constant in magnitude and vary in direction based on the geometry of said mooring lines. 10. The floating support structure of claim 9, wherein a solar panel array is divided into quadrants, and said mooring and anchoring system includes four continuous mooring line segments, one for each quadrant of the array. 11. The floating support structure of claim 10, wherein said mooring line segments are splayed radially to provide resistance for loading in the East-West direction and to provide torsional stability of the array, and further including anchor elements comprising one or more concrete deadman, a ground anchor, a pile, or any combination thereof. 12. The floating support structure of claim 10, wherein said mooring lines are pre-tensioned and released a fixed length at the time of installation. 13. The floating support structure of claim 10, wherein the connected array modules are arranged in a generally rectangular or square array geometry functionally divided into quadrants using a N-S axis an E-W axis as dividing lines so as to form NW, NE, SE, and SW quadrants, and wherein said mooring and anchoring system uses a single continuous running line for each of said four quadrants. 14. The floating support structure of claim 13, wherein each of said continuous running lines has a first end connected at a first continuous line connection point disposed on a corner of the array, extends outwardly from the array and is routed through a pulley disposed on a mooring buoy, back to the array, where it is either fed through a pulley mounted at the end of a N-S frame member or terminated at a second continuous line connection point. 15. The floating support structure of claim 14, wherein one buoy is provided for every two of said continuous line connection points on the array, said connection points either fixed connections or pulleys. 16. The floating support structure of claim 13, further including static cables connected to each of said mooring buoys and extending to shore. 17. The floating support structure of claim 2, wherein said coupling hardware includes a splice disposed between said E-W frame members of adjoin array modules, said splice configured and contoured to conform closely to the sides of said E-W frame members, wherein said E-W frame members include spaced-apart frame member insertion elements that cooperate with at least one corresponding splice insertion element disposed on said splice, such that as said splice is slidably mated to and between said E-W frame members of adjoining array modules, a frame member insertion element engages a corresponding splice insertion element to retain said splice and prevent it from being pulled apart from said frame member, and wherein said splice can then be further translated along said frame member and into further engagement with said frame member until said splice insertion element engages said a second frame member insertion element so as to hold said splice firmly in place. 18. The floating support structure of claim 17, wherein as said splice insertion element engages a first of said frame member insertion elements, said frame members are brought into substantial alignment and are held in place and prevented from separating as they are more fully approximated using said splice as an indexing element. 19. A method of assembling and launching connected array modules for a floating solar panel array, comprising the steps of: (a) providing a conveyor system having a launch end proximate a body of water onto which connected solar panel array modules will be launched and an assembly end on which floating solar panel array modules will be assembled; (b) providing a plurality of floatation elements; (c) providing framework members for connecting and aligning said floatation elements; (d) connecting and aligning said floatation elements with said framework members so as to form an array module and base for supporting one or more solar panels, the; (e) mounting at least one solar panel on said array module; (f) providing coupling hardware for connecting a framework members of one array module to an adjoining module assembled on the roller conveyor system; (g) connecting at least one array module to an adjoining array module while the array modules are disposed on the conveyor system so as to form an array block; and (h) launching the array block onto a body of water from the second end of the conveyor system. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein steps (a) through (h) are performed until a desired number of array blocks are deployed onto water, and further including the step of connecting the array blocks into unified floating solar panel array. 21. The method of claim 20, further including the step of connecting a mooring and anchoring system to the floating solar panel array, the mooring and anchoring system including a plurality of continuous running lines that produce equal force resistance to each point on the solar panel array to which the continuous running lines are attached. 