A groundwater profile monitoring system includes a groundwater sensor configured to sense a state of groundwater; a driving unit including a sensor cable to which the groundwater sensor is connected at one end thereof and configured to vertically move the groundwater sensor; a data logger configured to receive and store sensing information sensed by the groundwater sensor and transmit the sensing information to a designated server; and a power supply unit configured to produce electric power using solar energy and supply the produced electric power to the driving unit and the data logger. Since a profile material of vertical groundwater according to a depth of a tube well can be continuously collected by using one sensor, an accurate groundwater related material can be collected more efficiently.
Claims 1. A groundwater profile monitoring system comprising: a groundwater sensor configured to sense a state of groundwater; a driving unit including a sensor cable to which the groundwater sensor is connected at one end thereof and configured to vertically move the groundwater sensor; a data logger configured to receive and store sensing information sensed by the groundwater sensor and transmit the sensing information to a designated server; and a power supply unit configured to produce electric power using solar energy and supply the produced electric power to the driving unit and the data logger. 2. The groundwater profile monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the driving unit includes a winding part for winding the sensor cable, a winding motor configured to rotate the winding part, and a controller configured to control the winding motor, and wherein the controller drives the winding motor at a predetermined time interval and moves the groundwater sensor upward and downward. 3. The groundwater profile monitoring system of claim 2, wherein the driving unit comprises: a cable guide configured to guide the sensor cable so that the sensor cable is uniformly wound on the winding part; a guide rail connected to the cable guide and configured to guide a movement path of the cable guide; a pair of feeding cables connected to opposite sides of the cable guides; and a pair of guide motors selectively driven by the controller and configured to pull the feeding cables respectively and move the cable guide to the right and to the left. 4. The groundwater profile monitoring system of claim 3, wherein a pair of movement restrictors disposed opposite to each other are coupled to the guide rail such that a movement range of the cable guide is restricted by the movement restrictors. 5. The groundwater profile monitoring system of claim 4, wherein each movement restrictor comprises an approach detector configured to transmit a sensing signal when the cable guide approaches within a predetermined distance, and wherein the controller receives the sensing signal to stop one of the guide motors which is being driven and drive the remaining guide motor, so as to allow the cable guide to move in a direction opposite to a travel direction of the cable guide. 6. The groundwater profile monitoring system of claim 4, wherein the movement restrictor comprises a changeover switch contacting the cable guide to be operated, and wherein the controller receives a contact signal of the changeover switch to stop one of the guide motors which is being driven and drive the remaining guide motor, so as to allow the cable guide to move in a direction opposite to a travel direction of the cable guide. 7. The groundwater profile monitoring system of claim 3, wherein the cable guide comprises a depth measurer configured to measure a winding length of the sensor cable and calculate a depth of the groundwater sensor. 