Marketing communications are delivered by advertising displays affixed to or surrounding gratings. Lease arrangements are determined by a machine-based method providing equitable revenue sharing to municipality or other entity owning the grating spaces and the marketing communication entity while providing rapid, reliable deployment to advertisers via a machine-based method of RFID tracking and deployment.
Claims 1. An apparatus surrounding or affixed to gratings for displaying marketing communications, comprising at least one marketing communication module, further comprising a plurality of layers: a layer of digital display elements, a layer of magnetic material, a layer of holographic material and at least one sensing and communication module. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the sensory and communication module(s) comprises at least one biological and chemical agent sensor, at least one weather sensor; at least one traffic sensor; and at least one active RFID sensor to detect conditions at the installation. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the solar energy panel(s) is connected to electrical storage device and is connected to light emitting diodes. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the marketing communication display comprises advertising messages deployed using holographic elements, light-emitting diodes, and graphic displays 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the material used to display the advertising comprises magnetic material, wherein RFID sensors are placed on the magnetic material, and an optical detection system. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the advertising images comprise holographic images to allow changes with respect to the position of the observer of the image; wherein a sensing system is used to record conditions at the installation; and internet connectivity such that marketing communications can be transmitted to an installation and displayed. 7. A machine-based method for leasing grating displays and tree displays and crosswalk displays, the method comprising: an auction website; a login step for securing access to said website; and a database of available sites for display advertising searchable by date range and location, and viewed on a map of each display advertising installation. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein the user of the auction website could take a variety of actions, comprising: reviewing available auctions given parameters such as location, date range, and price; exercising the option to purchase time on a display advertising location immediately or to bid in the auction(s) which action would cause a bid alert to be sent to the auction website; and if successful in bidding a message is sent to the winning bidder. 9. The method of claim 7 further comprising reviewing available marketing communications to determine if the desired marketing communication is in the database of marketing communications; if the desired marketing communication is within said database it is selected; and if the desired marketing communication is not in the database then there is the capability to add marketing communications in electronic form to said database. 10. The method of claim 7 further comprising attaching the new marketing communication file, selecting a payment method; and allowing the user to review the order. 11. The method of claim 7 further comprising placing an order, transmitting payment to the operator of the auction website; and further transmitting a portion of said payment to the municipality or other owner of the grating or crosswalk or tree surrounding which the display advertising installation was placed. 12. The method of claim 7 further comprising transmitting a signal to the display advertising installations involving in a given auction when said auction is over; said transmission containing the time to start displaying the new marketing communication and the period to show the new marketing communication; and wherein the desired marketing communication is transmitted to the display advertising installations that were bid on during the auction from a marketing communication database. 13. The method of claim 7 further comprising transmitting messages to installation workers to manually update the marketing communication display; receipt of signal from workers indicating completion of task; notification of bidding winner that marketing display is active. 14. A machine-based method for managing logistics of gratings and crosswalk and tree display inventory and deployment of said inventory and for optimizing the space of display advertising material to fit a given location and for transmitting data from a display advertising location to a central location and to transmitting data from said central location to display advertising locations, the method comprising: a database and distributed database cluster with records of all previous used marketing communications; software to optimize signage's dimensions, color, shape, lights, font size, pigment, and other aspects to a given location by creating a printing master; and means for said software to communicate to said database. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising: configuring the magnetic display advertising, if necessary, so as to fit the space at the proposed installation optimally, receiving messages from installations via RFID as to the status of the deployed display systems, and, as needed, transmitting reprogramming to the display or transmitting a signal to transport an existing sign to a required location. 16. The method of claim 14, further comprising: an output which indicated that a display's marketing communication has been deployed automatically over the Internet or that workers have been notified to redeploy a display system to a new location; a network of servers to receive input signals over a plurality of WiFi Access Points with RFID readers; and wherein said RFID readers are connected via a secure Internet portal from a plurality of active sensor systems. 17. The method of claim 14, further comprising: active RFID sensors that transmit signals to a position tracking server; a tracking software system to record the operational status of each display advertising installation, i.e. the marketing communications being shown and when each communication was first shown and how long it has been shown; and communication means to transmit alert messages when signage needs to be changed or repair or maintenance of an display advertising installation is needed. 18. The method of claim 14, further comprising: storage for new marketing communications in digital form or via digital reference; means to monitor display advertising installations; and a system to update marketing communications based on information collected from a given display advertising installation. 19. The method of claim 14, further comprising: a web server that can access a global networking system such as the Internet or World Wide Web, a database server with a display system database and associated applications; and RFID sensors which could track the location and condition of display advertising installations. 20. The method of claim 14, further comprising: biological and chemical agent sensors, weather sensors; temperature sensors; traffic volume sensors; condition of display advertising installation sensors; and means to transmit information via GPS. 