A photovoltaic device includes at least one photovoltaic cell and a DC/DC converter electrically coupled to the at least one photovoltaic cell. The at least one photovoltaic cell and the DC/DC converter are integrated into a photovoltaic package.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic device, comprising: at least one photovoltaic cell; and a DC/DC converter electrically coupled to the at least one photovoltaic cell, wherein the at least one photovoltaic cell and the DC/DC converter are integrated into a photovoltaic package. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the DC/DC converter comprises a transformerless buck converter and a transformerless boost converter or a transformerless buck-boost converter. 3. The device of claim 2, further comprising a pass-through comprising a low resistance path from the at least one photovoltaic cell to an output of the DC/DC converter. 4. The device of claim 3, wherein the pass-through comprises a first pass-through integrated into the transformerless buck converter and a second pass-through integrated into the transformerless boost converter. 5. The device of claim 4, further comprising a ceramic capacitor electrically coupled to the DC/DC converter and to a string of the thin-film photovoltaic cells which include the at least one photovoltaic cell. 6. The device of claim 4, further comprising a pass-through controller electrically coupled to the transformerless buck converter and the transformerless boost converter, wherein the pass-through controller comprises a maximum power point tracker electrically coupled to the at least one photovoltaic cell. 7. The device of claim 4, wherein the DC/DC converter comprises at least four transistors. 8. The device of claim 3, wherein the DC/DC converter comprises at least two transistors and at least two diodes. 9. The device of claim 7, wherein the DC/DC converter further comprises an inductor integrated onto a printed circuit board or at least one layer of the package. 10. A method of operating a photovoltaic module, comprising: providing a photovoltaic cell power output to a DC/DC converter having at least two transistors; switching the at least two transistors only when a string current is not in a nominal range, wherein the string current passes through at least a portion of the photovoltaic module, and wherein the switching of the at least two transistors are controlled to provide a voltage; and providing the voltage to a string connection of the DC/DC converter, and wherein the nominal range is determined by perturbing the DC/DC converter in a buck mode, a pass-through mode, and a boost mode, and determining which mode produces the most power. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein the DC/DC converter comprises a buck converter, wherein switching the at least two transistors only when the string current is not in the nominal range comprises the buck mode comprising operating the buck converter while the photovoltaic cell is at least partially shaded. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the buck converter comprises a first transistor and a second transistor, wherein operating the buck converter while the photovoltaic cell is at least partially shaded comprises switching the first transistor and the second transistor alternately. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the DC/DC converter comprises a boost converter, wherein switching the at least two transistors only when the string current is not in the nominal range comprises the boost mode comprising operating the boost converter while a different photovoltaic cell is at least partially shaded. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the boost converter comprises a third transistor and a fourth transistor, wherein operating the boost converter while the different photovoltaic cell is at least partially shaded comprises switching the third transistor and the fourth transistor alternately. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein when the string current is in the nominal range comprises a pass-through mode comprising maintaining the first and third transistors in a conductive state and maintaining the second and fourth transistors in a non-conductive state. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the nominal range comprises a current within plus or minus ten percent of an inverter input current associated with maintaining a desired constant inverter input voltage. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein the photovoltaic cell and the DC/DC converter are integrated into a photovoltaic package. 18. A photovoltaic converter circuit, comprising: at least one photovoltaic cell; and a DC/DC converter, being connected to the at least one photovoltaic cell, the DC/DC converter comprising: a buck converter within the DC/DC converter and comprising at least one first transistor; a boost converter within the DC/DC converter and comprising at least one second transistor, and a pass-through path, wherein the buck converter is electrically coupled to the boost converter, wherein the first transistor is connected to the at least one second transistor and receives current from the at least one photovoltaic cell, wherein the switching of the at least first and second transistors is controlled to provide a voltage. 19. The circuit of claim 18, further comprising a ceramic capacitor electrically coupled to a string of the thin-film photovoltaic cells which include the at least one photovoltaic cell and to the DC/DC converter. 20. The circuit of claim 19, wherein the buck converter, the boost converter, the capacitor, and the at least one photovoltaic cell are integrated into a photovoltaic package. 21. The circuit of claim 20, wherein the buck converter further comprises a third pass-through transistor, and wherein the boost converter further comprises a fourth pass-through transistor. 22. The circuit of claim 21, further comprising a controller electrically coupled to the buck converter and the boost converter. 23. The circuit of claim 22, wherein the buck converter further comprises a first switching assist diode, and wherein the boost converter further comprises a second first switching assist diode. 24. The circuit of claim 23, wherein the controller comprises a boost controller, a buck controller, a pass-through controller, and a maximum power point tracker. 25. The circuit of claim 19, further comprising a plurality of photovoltaic laminate modules electrically connected in series with an inverter. 26. The circuit of claim 19, wherein the buck converter further comprises a buck diode, and the boost converter further comprises a boost diode. 27. A photovoltaic system, comprising: an inverter electrically connected to at least two photovoltaic modules, each comprising: at least one photovoltaic cell; and a DC/DC converter electrically coupled to the at least one photovoltaic cell, and connected to the inverter, wherein the DC/DC converter comprises a pass-through path providing substantially no change to current or voltage, and wherein the DC/DC converters of the at least two photovoltaic modules are electrically connected in series with the inverter. 28. The system of claim 27, wherein each of the at least two photovoltaic modules comprise the at least one photovoltaic cell and the DC/DC converter integrated into a photovoltaic package. 29. The system of claim 28, wherein each of the DC/DC converters of the at least two photovoltaic modules each comprise a transformerless buck-boost converter. 30. The system of claim 29, wherein each of the at least two photovoltaic modules further comprises a controller comprising a maximum power point tracker electrically connected to its respective at least one photovoltaic cell. 31. A method of operating a photovoltaic system, comprising: providing a plurality of photovoltaic modules having a power output in series; operating at least one of the plurality of photovoltaic modules in a pass-through mode providing substantially no change to current or voltage; operating at least one of the plurality of photovoltaic modules in a boost mode by controlling switching of at least one transistor, wherein the voltage is increased; operating at least one of the plurality of photovoltaic modules in a buck mode by controlling switching of at least one transistor, wherein the voltage is decreased; and providing a substantially constant string voltage to an inverter. 32. The method of claim 31, further comprising operating each of the plurality of photovoltaic modules at a substantially maximum power point. 33. The method of claim 32, wherein each of the plurality of photovoltaic modules is autonomous. 34. The method of claim 33, further comprising controlling a string current of the plurality of photovoltaic modules, and wherein each of the plurality of photovoltaic modules comprises at least one photovoltaic cell and a DC/DC converter integrated into a photovoltaic package. 35. The method of claim 34, wherein the inverter determines the string current of the plurality of photovoltaic modules. 36. The method of claim 35, wherein operating at least one of the plurality of photovoltaic modules in the pass-through mode comprises operating a first photovoltaic module in the pass-through mode. 37. The method of claim 36, wherein operating at least one of the plurality of photovoltaic modules in the boost mode comprises operating the first photovoltaic module in the boost mode. 38. The method of claim 37, wherein operating at least one of the plurality of photovoltaic modules in the buck mode comprises operating the first photovoltaic module in the buck mode. 39. The method of claim 36, wherein operating at least one of the plurality of photovoltaic modules in the boost mode comprises operating a second photovoltaic module in the boost mode. 40. The method of claim 39, wherein operating at least one of the plurality of photovoltaic modules in the buck mode comprises operating a third photovoltaic module in the buck mode. 41. The method of claim 40, wherein operating the third photovoltaic module in the buck mode further comprises operating the third photovoltaic module in the buck mode when the third photovoltaic module is at least partially shaded. 42. The method of claim 40, wherein operating the second photovoltaic module in the boost mode further comprises operating the second photovoltaic module in the boost mode when the third photovoltaic module is at least partially shaded. 