A PeakPower Energy Management and Control System having one or more roll-lock snap-on current transformer power monitoring devices, each to avoid interrupting power when installing current and/or power monitors. Each roll-lock snap-on current transformer power monitoring device may be snapped onto existing power wires inside a power panel or near equipment being monitored without disconnecting any wires or turning off power. Each roll-lock snap-on current transformer power monitoring device may be utilized in standalone mode as well as within a PeakPower Energy Management and Control System in accordance with disclosed embodiments. Each roll-lock snap-on current transformer power monitoring device may communicate via the power lines (Power Line Controller) or communicate via wireless using an integrated microprocessor based RF transceiver.
Claims 1. A method comprising: building a library of baseline signatures using manufacturer data as a baseline for extracting signatures on a plurality of manufacturer devices that use electricity; collecting data from at least a portion of the plurality of manufacturer devices; and extracting one or more signatures for a corresponding one or more of the plurality of manufacturer devices from the collected data. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the signatures extracted from the collected data comprise empirical signatures or actual signatures of the manufacturer devices that use electricity. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the method further comprises: comparing the signatures extracted from the collected data against similar equipment in the library of baseline signatures to determine a degree of variance from norm and/or to determine anomalies in the signatures extracted based on the library of baseline signatures. 4. The method of claim 3, further comprising: sending an alert or alarm message to a designated recipient when one of the plurality of manufacturer devices is operating outside of a normal corridor based on the comparison of the signatures extracted against the library of baseline signatures. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising: gathering peak usage hours and/or rates from a local energy supplier on a daily basis; utilizing the gathered peak usage hours and/or rates to control one or more of the plurality of manufacturer devices by pre-cooling, pre-heating and/or defrosting the one or more of the plurality of manufacturer devices in a building, so as to reduce overall energy cost associated with electrical consumption by the plurality of manufacturer devices. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising: acquiring planned maintenance schedules for one or more of the plurality of manufacturer devices via an Internet source or an alternatively designated source; and sending an alert or alarm message to a designated recipient indicating that one of the plurality of manufacturer devices is approaching or exceeding a normal planned maintenance event based on the acquired maintenance schedules. 7. The method of claim 1, further comprising: fetching most recent peak hours from a power company which supplies energy to refrigeration equipment among the plurality of manufacturer devices; and performing real-time monitoring and controlling of on/off and defrost cycles for the refrigeration equipment to reduce peak power usage of the refrigeration equipment. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein fetching the most recent peak hours from the power company comprises fetching the most recent peak hours from a website associated with the power company. 9. The method of claim 7, wherein performing the real-time monitoring and controlling of on/off and defrost cycles for the refrigeration equipment comprises: monitoring and analyzing electrical power consumption in each of the on/off and defrost cycles for the refrigeration equipment; and adjusting cycle times of the on/off and defrost cycles based on one or more of temperature, pressure, and humidity, to continually optimize energy efficiency of the cycle times without exceeding a maximum temperature allowed for the refrigeration equipment. 10. The method of claim 1, further comprising: fetching a manufacturer's specifications for each piece of equipment among the plurality of manufacturer devices; and performing real-time analysis on each piece of equipment to derive its operating limits. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein performing the real-time analysis comprises: comparing electrical power consumption for each piece of equipment with other equipment having a same or similar model to derive variances and corridors; and sending alert/alarm messages to one or more designated recipients when a piece of equipment goes outside the derived corridors based on the derived variances. 12. The method of claim 1, further comprising: providing an early warning of high energy consumption or predicted failure among the plurality of manufacturer devices usage or failure by: performing statistical analysis of energy consumption data for the plurality of manufacturer devices; and comparing the energy consumption data for the plurality of manufacturer devices to historical data collected from the plurality of manufacturer devices or based on a comparison of the energy consumption data to other equipment of a same or similar model or based on a comparison to an equipment manufacturer's specifications a corresponding one or more of the plurality of manufacturer devices. 13. The method of claim 1, wherein collecting the data from at least a portion of the plurality of manufacturer devices comprises collecting the data via one or more sensor modules for Energy Management, Control Current and/or Power Sensing, wherein each of the sensor modules are installed inside standard Electrical Panels next to circuit breakers or installed near a manufacturer device being monitored and/or controlled, and further wherein each sensor module transmits and receives data and/or control signals over wires that it is monitoring via contactless inductive or capacitive means, or transmits and receives data and/or control signals via wireless means. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the sensor module extracts enough power to power the sensor module using power from the power lines it's monitoring via said inductive or capacitive means. 15. A method comprising: building a knowledgebase library of empirical signatures by high speed sampling and feature extraction of a multiplicity of devices that use electricity; sampling at a high rate during power transition times; and sampling at a lower rate during steady state times. 16. A method comprising: extracting empirical signatures on devices that use electricity; building a knowledgebase of the empirical signatures extracted from the devices; and correlating day to day signatures to the empirical signatures first extracted for tracking changes over time to detect signs that any of the devices may be starting to wear or malfunction. 17. A method comprising: developing signatures on devices that use electricity; comparing the signatures to a database of similar equipment to determine degree of variance from norm; and sending an alert or alarm message to a designated recipient that the device is operating outside of a normal corridor. 18. A method comprising: gathering peak usage hours and/or rates from a local energy supplier daily; and utilizing the gathered data to control equipment by pre-cooling, pre-heating and/or defrosting pieces of equipment in the building, so as to reduce overall energy cost. 19. A method comprising: acquiring planned maintenance schedules on a piece of equipment from the web or other sources; and sending an alert or alarm message to a designated recipient indicating that the device is approaching or has missed a normal planned maintenance event. 20. An Energy Management and/or Control System comprising: means to detect and provide early warning of equipment high energy usage and/or impending failure, by performing statistical analysis on an energy signature; and means to implement one or more of the following operations: a) comparing current signature to historical signature data, b) comparing current signature it to other equipment of the same model number or type, and c) comparing current signature to the equipment manufacturer's specs. 21. A Sensor/Repeater device comprising: means to power itself, with or without a battery backup; a Linear Fresnel Lens; and wherein the means to power itself comprises the Sensor/Repeater device concentrating ambient light using a photovoltaic array coupled with the Linear Fresnel Lens. 