An illumination panel comprising a transparent core having opposing surfaces, a matrix of light releasing dots substantially covering one surface, and a protective layer in abutting contact with said surface whereby the dots act as an adhesive bonding the core to the protective layer.
Claims 1. An illumination panel comprising a transparent core having opposing surfaces, a matrix of light releasing dots substantially covering one surface, and a protective layer in abutting contact with said surface whereby the dots act as an adhesive bonding the core to the protective layer. 2. The illumination panel according to claim 1, wherein both surfaces of the core are provided with a matrix of dots that act as an adhesive to bond both surfaces to protective layers. 3. The illumination panel according to claim 1, wherein an outer layer is bonded to the protective layer. 4. The illumination panel according to claim 3, wherein the outer layer is paint, ink, a transfer, steel, glass, plastics, wood or wood veneer. 5. An illumination panel according to claim 1, wherein the core is acrylic. 6. (canceled) 7. The illumination panel according to claim 1, wherein the protective layer is metal, timber, plastics or glass and can be translucent or reflective. 8. The illumination panel according to claim 1, wherein the matrix of dots is applied to the transparent core by etching, painting, screen printing, printing or spraying, or transferred from or as part of a film. 9. The illumination panel according to claim 1, wherein the matrix of dots is provided by laser etching the surface of the core through the protection layer. 10. (canceled) 11. The illumination panel according to claim 1, wherein the matrix of dots is provided by induction, dielectric or microwave activation of a distributed receptor that bonds the surface of the core to the protective layer. 12. The illumination panel according to claim 1, wherein the matrix of dots is cured by UV light or infra-red heating that bonds the surface of the core to the protective layer. 13. The illumination panel according to claim 2, wherein a reflective protective panel is bonded to one side of the core with a transparent or translucent protective layer being bonded to the other side. 14. An illumination panel according claim 1, wherein a light is positioned adjacent or on an edge of the panel. 15. The illumination panel according to claim 14, wherein lights are positioned adjacent or on opposite edges of the panel. 16. The illumination panel according to claim 14, wherein the lights comprise a plurality of LEDs secured to or imbedded in one or more edges of the panel. 17. A cabinet having walls and shelves, some of the walls or shelves comprising illumination panels according to claim 1 with a light source adjacent or in one edge of each panel. 18. The cabinet according to claim 17, wherein the cabinet is a cupboard, open display or refrigerator. 19. A road sign comprising a housing having a mounting flange adapted to be secured to one edge of an illumination panel according to claim 14, the light being wired to the interior of the housing. 20. A method of producing an illumination panel comprising placing a protective panel in abutting parallel contact with a transparent core and laser etching a matrix of dots through the protective panel onto the surface of the core to adhere the panel to the core. 21. An illuminated solar panel comprising a transparent core having opposing surfaces, a matrix of dots substantially covering one surface and a protective layer of reflective material in abutting contact with said surface, said protective layer carrying a plurality of solar cells whereby the solar cells generate electricity that is passed to a battery pack or accumulator and power from the battery pack or accumulator is fed back to a light source positioned along at least one edge of the panel to allow light to be released from the opposite side of the panel. 22. A splashback comprising an illumination panel according claim 14 having a reflective rear surface and a glass front. 