A conductor strip connection device for a junction box of a solar module is disclosed and comprises a contact member and a press-fitting member. The contact member has a contact segment for connecting to a conductor strip and having at least one first engaging element. The press-fitting member has a suppressing part and at least one second engaging element, wherein the suppressing part is configured to cooperate with the contact segment of the contact member for securing the conductor strip, and the second engaging element is configured to engage with the first engaging element of the contact member for assembling the press-fitting member with the contact member.
Claims 1. A junction box, comprising: a housing having an opening for introducing a plurality of conductor strips thereinto; and an electrical connection mechanism disposed in a receptacle of said housing and comprising: a plurality of conductor strip connection devices separately disposed on an inner surface of said housing for connecting to said conductor strips; and a current-path arrangement module comprising a plurality of electricity conveying elements and a plurality of electronic components, wherein said electricity conveying elements are connected with said conductor strip connection devices respectively, and each said electronic component is connected with two adjacent electricity conveying elements; wherein each of said conductor strip connection devices comprises: a contact member having a contact segment and at lease one first engaging element; and a press-fitting member having a suppressing part and at least one second engaging element, wherein said suppressing part is configured to cooperate with said contact segment of said contact member for securing a corresponding conductor strip, and said second engaging element is configured to engage with said first engaging element of said contact member for assembling said press-fitting member with said contact member. 2. The junction box according to claim 1, wherein said contact member further comprises a fixing segment connected with said contact segment and configured to connect with a corresponding electricity conveying element of said current-path arrangement module. 3. The junction box according to claim 1, wherein said contact member comprises plural first engaging elements arranged on two opposite sidewalls of said contact segment. 4. The junction box according to claim 1, wherein said contact member has a plurality of protrusion elements forming a rough surface on said contact segment. 5. The junction box according to claim 1, wherein said contact member is made of metal material. 6. The junction box according to claim 1, wherein said press-fitting member further comprises a first extending arm and a second extending arm connected with and extending downwardly from two opposite side edges of said suppressing part, respectively. 7. The junction box according to claim 6, wherein each of said first extending arm and said second extending arm comprises one said second engaging element for engaging with said first engaging element of said contact member. 8. The junction box according to claim 1, wherein said press-fitting member is made of metal material. 9. The junction box according to claim 1, wherein said press-fitting member is an integrally formed resilient member. 10. The junction box according to claim 1, wherein said first engaging element is an engaging hole or an engaging recess and said second engaging element is an engaging protrusion. 11. The junction box according to the claim 1, wherein said electronic components are bypass diodes. 12. The junction box according to the claim 1, wherein said current-path arrangement module further comprises a carrier for supporting and mounting said electricity conveying elements and said electronic components thereon. 13. The junction box according to the claim 12, wherein and said electricity conveying elements are electrical conductive rails disposed on a surface of said carrier. 14. A conductor strip connection device for a junction box of a solar module, comprising: a contact member having a contact segment for connecting to a conductor strip and having at least one first engaging element; and a press-fitting member having a suppressing part and at least one second engaging element, wherein said suppressing part is configured to cooperate with said contact segment of said contact member for securing said conductor strip, and said second engaging element is configured to engage with said first engaging element of said contact member for assembling said press-fitting member with said contact member. 