A portable modular solar energy generating system is disclosed. The system includes a plurality of modular photovoltaic solar panels that collect solar energy and convert the solar energy to DC power. Each modular panel also contains a micro-inverter for converting the DC power to AC power at the site of the solar energy generating systems. The system is foldable for easy transport to a remote location and can provide readily available electrical power at remote locations.
Claims 1) A portable solar energy electrical generating system comprising: a) a plurality of modular solar energy collecting units wherein each modular solar energy collecting unit comprises a photovoltaic solar panel that converts solar energy to DC electrical power and a micro-inverter for converting the DC electrical power to AC electrical power; b) a master assembly unit for the plurality of modular solar energy collecting units comprising a frame generally rectangular in shape adapted to receive the plurality of modular solar energy collecting units; c) a base assembly unit adapted to receive the master assembly unit; and d) an electrical receptacle box located in close proximity to the plurality of modular solar energy collecting units that receives the AC electrical power from the plurality of modular solar energy collecting units and makes the AC electrical power available through standard electrical plugs. 2) The portable solar energy electrical generating system of claim 1 wherein each of the plurality of micro-inverters is integral with the photovoltaic solar panel. 3) portable solar energy electrical generating system of claim 1 wherein each of the plurality of micro-inverters is mounted to the frame near the respective photovoltaic solar panel. 4) The portable solar energy electric generating system of claim 1 wherein the mounting unit further comprises a hinge so that the system may be reversibly folded about the hinge for transport of the solar energy generating system. 5) The portable solar energy electric generating system of claim 1 wherein the system further comprises casters mounted to the bottom of the system for transport of the system. 6) The portable solar energy electric generating system of claim 1 wherein the system further comprises a plurality of rivets that fix the plurality of modular solar energy collecting units to the master assembly unit. 7) The portable solar energy electric generating system of claim 1 wherein the system further comprises several anti-theft and anti-vandalism mechanisms when placed in service at remote locations wherein the casters are removed, the micro inverters are built into the modular solar energy collecting units and by using rivets to fix the plurality of modular solar energy collecting units to the master assembly. 