A mounting bracket is provided for attaching a support beam to a vertical support post at a pre-determined angle. The mounting bracket has a cavity for receiving the vertical support post, the cavity being attached to a side of a support plate at the pre-determined angle. The support plate is attached to the support beam, such that the support beam is supported from the ground at the desired angle. The mounting bracket is used in installations requiring a consistent angular relationship between the vertical support post and the support beam, such as solar panel arrays.
Claims 1. A mounting bracket comprising: a support plate with front and rear sides, the support plate having an axis extending in a first direction; an end cap formed by a flat end plate and two sides, the two sides being approximately perpendicular to the end plate and parallel to each other, leaving an opening between the two sides, the opening oriented in a direction distal from the end plate; where the end cap is attached to the front side of the support plate, directing the opening at an oblique angle with respect to the axis of the support plate. 2. The mounting bracket of claim 1, where the oblique angle is between 0 and 90 degrees. 3. The mounting bracket of claim 1, further comprising: at least one opening in at least one side of the end cap, allowing the end cap to be adjustably secured to a support post. 4. The mounting bracket of claim 1: where the front side of the support plate forms a plane; and where the opening of the end cap is oriented parallel to the plane of the support plate. 5. The mounting bracket of claim 1, further comprising: at least one opening in the support plate, allowing the support plate to be adjustably secured to a support channel. 6. A mounting bracket comprising: an elongated plate, the elongated plate having an axis along its length and comprising a plane; an end cap formed by a flat end plate and two sides, the two sides being approximately perpendicular to the end plate and parallel to each other, leaving a cavity between the two sides, the cavity oriented in a direction distal from the end plate; the end cap fixedly attached to the elongated plate, where the cavity is oriented at an oblique angle with respect to the axis of the elongated plate and parallel to the plane of the elongated plate. 7. The mounting bracket of claim 6, further comprising: at least one opening in at least one side of the end cap, allowing the end cap to be adjustably secured to a support post. 8. The mounting bracket of claim 6, further comprising: at least one opening in the support plate, allowing the support plate to be adjustably secured to a support channel. 9. A solar panel support structure comprising: an elongated post with a base end and an upper end, the elongated post having a first axis; a mounting bracket comprised of two sides and an end, forming a cavity within the two sides and end, where the cavity is capable of receiving the upper end of the elongated post when aligned with the first axis; a support plate with front and rear sides, the support plate having a second axis, where the mounting bracket is attached to the front side of the support plate with the cavity diverging from the second axis; and an elongated solar panel support having a third axis, the elongated solar panel support attached to the rear side of the support plate. 10. The solar panel support structure of claim 9, where the second axis is parallel to the third axis. 11. The solar panel support structure of claim 9, where the first axis and the second axis meet at an oblique angle. 12. The solar panel support structure of claim 9, further comprising: at least one opening in at least one side of the mounting bracket, allowing the mounting bracket to be adjustably secured to the elongated post. 13. The solar panel support structure of claim 9, further comprising: at least one opening in the support plate, allowing the support plate to be adjustably secured to the elongated solar panel support. 14. The solar panel support structure of claim 9, where the elongated post and the elongated solar panel support meet at an oblique angle. 