A pier cap comprises a support rail engaging surface and a mounting cleat disposed on the support rail engaging surface. The mounting cleat comprises a substantially round-shaped section coupled to the support rail engaging surface and a substantially wedge-shaped prong section elevated above the support rail engaging surface. A notched section of the mounting cleat defines a space between the support rail engaging surface and the substantially wedge-shaped prong section. The notched section is configured to receive a mounting flange coupled to a support rail of a support structure for a solar panel array.
Claims 1. A support structure for a solar panel array comprising: a support rail comprising a mounting flange; a pier cap comprising a mounting cleat configured to slidably engage with the mounting flange; and a post coupled to the pier cap, wherein the post is configured to provide support to the solar panel array. 2. The support structure of claim 1, further comprising a second support rail comprising a second mounting flange. 3. The support structure of claim 2, wherein the pier cap further comprises a second mounting cleat configured to slidably engage with the second mounting flange. 4. The support structure of claim 1, wherein a solar panel is configured to be attached to the support rail. 5. The support structure of claim 1, further comprising at least two support rails. 6. The support structure of claim 1, wherein the pier cap comprises light gage steel. 7. The support structure of claim 1, wherein the pier cap comprises a substantially c-shaped channel configuration. 8. The support structure of claim 1, further comprising a hold down mechanism. 9. The support structure of claim 8, wherein the pier cap comprises a bolt hole. 10. The support structure of claim 9, further comprising a bolt configured to pass through the bolt hole to engage the hold down mechanism in response to the mounting flange slidably engaging with the mounting cleat. 11. The support structure of claim 1, wherein the mounting flange is configured to slidably engage with the mounting cleat without using a fastener to couple the mounting flange to the mounting cleat. 12. A method for manufacturing a pier cap comprising: forming a material into a channel shaped member during a forming process; and during the forming process, perforating a mounting cleat shape into the channel shaped member, wherein the mounting cleat shape is configured to be formed into a mounting cleat to create a space between the mounting cleat and the pier cap. 13. The method of claim 12, further comprising forming the mounting cleat shape into the mounting cleat during the forming process. 14. The method of claim 13, further comprising forming the mounting cleat shape into the mounting cleat during a second forming process. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the forming process and the second forming process comprise press brake forming. 16. A method of installing a support structure for a solar panel array comprising: securing a pier cap to a support post; aligning a mounting flange on a support rail with a mounting cleat on the pier cap, wherein the support rail provides support to the solar panel array; and engaging the mounting flange with the mounting cleat to facilitate engaging the support rail with the pier cap. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising: aligning a bolt hole in the pier cap with a hold down clip proximate the support rail; and inserting a bolt into the bolt hole to engage the hold down clip to facilitate preventing the mounting cleat from disengaging with the mounting flange, wherein a fastener is not utilized to secure the mounting cleat to the mounting flange. 18. The method of claim 16, further comprising: aligning a second mounting flange on a second support rail with a second mounting cleat on the pier cap; and engaging the second mounting flange with the second mounting cleat to facilitate engaging the second support rail with the pier cap. 19. A pier cap comprising: a support rail engaging surface; and a mounting cleat disposed on the support rail engaging surface, the mounting cleat comprising; a substantially round-shaped section coupled to the support rail engaging surface; a substantially wedge-shaped prong section elevated above the support rail engaging surface; and a notched section defining a space between the support rail engaging surface and the substantially wedge-shaped prong section, wherein the notched section is configured to receive a mounting flange coupled to a support rail of a support structure. 20. The pier cap of claim 19, wherein the mounting cleat is configured to be at least partially formed during a forming process of the pier cap. 21. The pier cap of claim 19, wherein the mounting cleat is configured to be affixed to the pier cap after the pier cap has been formed. 