A conductor strip connection device for a junction box of a solar module is disclosed and comprises a contact member having a contact segment for connecting to a conductor strip, a carrier member, and a lever pivotally connected with the carrier member and having a suppressing portion, wherein the suppressing portion is configured to cooperate with the contact segment of the contact member for disposing or removing the conductor strip when the lever is switched toward a first position and clamping and fastening the conductor strip when the lever is switched toward a second position.
Claims 1. A junction box, comprising: a housing having an opening for introducing a plurality of conductor strips thereinto; and an electrical connection mechanism disposed in a receptacle of said housing and comprising: a plurality of conductor strip connection devices separately disposed on an inner surface of said housing for connecting to said conductor strips; and a current-path arrangement module comprising a plurality of electricity conveying elements and a plurality of electronic components, wherein said electricity conveying elements are connected with said conductor strip connection devices respectively, and each said electronic component is connected with two adjacent electricity conveying elements; wherein each of said conductor strip connection devices comprises: a contact member having a contact segment; a carrier member; and a lever pivotally connected with said carrier member and having a suppressing portion, said suppressing portion configured to cooperate with said contact segment of said contact member for disposing or removing said conductor strip when said lever is switched toward a first position and clamping and fastening said conductor strip when said lever is switched toward a second position. 2. The junction box according to claim 1, wherein said contact member comprises: a fixing segment configured to connect with a corresponding electricity conveying device of said current-path arrangement module; and a stopper configured to limit a horizontal movement of said conductor strip. 3. The junction box according to claim 2, wherein said stopper is a protrusion element extending upwardly from said contact segment. 4. The junction box according to claim 1, wherein said conductor strip connection device further comprises a shaft, and said lever comprises: a handle; and a shaft receiving portion connected between said suppressing portion and said handle and having a receptacle for receiving said shaft. 5. The junction box according to claim 4, wherein said suppressing portion of said lever is disposed between said shaft and said contact segment of said contact member. 6. The junction box according to claim 4, wherein said carrying member comprises a first sidewall, a second sidewall, a bottom plate connected with said first sidewall and said second sidewall, and a receiving space defined by said first sidewall, said second sidewall and said bottom plate. 7. The junction box according to claim 6, wherein said first sidewall and said second sidewall include a first through hole and a second through hole. 8. The junction box according to claim 7, wherein said lever is pivotally connected with said carrying member by installing said shaft through said shaft receiving portion, said first through hole and said second through hole. 9. The junction box according to claim 1, wherein said conductor strip connection device comprises a resilient member disposed between said contact segment of said contact member and said carrier member for urging against said carrier member. 10. The junction box according to claim 9, wherein said resilient member comprises a connection segment, a first side segment and a second side segment opposite to said first side segment. 11. The junction box according to claim 9, wherein said housing comprises a base comprising a plurality of holding devices for installing said conductor strip connection devices therein. 12. The junction box according to claim 11, wherein said base of said housing includes a supporting element, said carrying member includes a first slot, and said resilient member includes a second slot corresponding to said first slot of said carrying member. 13. The junction box according to claim 12, wherein said supporting element of said base is passing through said first slot and said second slot and contacts with a rear surface of said contact segment of said contact member. 14. The junction box according to claim 9, wherein when said lever is switched toward said first position, said suppressing portion of said lever is apart from said contact segment of said contact member so that a gap is formed between said suppressing portion of said lever and said contact segment of said contact member. 15. The junction box according to claim 9, wherein when said lever is switched toward said second position, said suppressing portion of said lever suppresses said conductor strip, and said resilient member is deformed and urges against said carrying member. 16. The junction box according to claim 1, wherein said contact member is made of metal material. 17. The junction box according to the claim 1, wherein said electronic components are bypass diodes. 18. The junction box according to the claim 1, wherein said current-path arrangement module further comprises a carrier for supporting and mounting said electricity conveying elements and said electronic components thereon, and said electricity conveying elements are electrical conductive rails disposed on a surface of said carrier. 19. A conductor strip connection device for a junction box of a solar module, comprising: a contact member having a contact segment for connecting to a conductor strip; a carrier member; and a lever pivotally connected with said carrier member and having a suppressing portion, said suppressing portion configured to cooperate with said contact segment of said contact member for disposing or removing said conductor strip when said lever is switched toward a first position and clamping and fastening said conductor strip when said lever is switched toward a second position. 20. The conductor strip connection device according to claim 19, further comprising a resilient member disposed between said contact segment of said contact member and said carrier member for urging against said carrier member. 