The present disclosure provides a process for manufacturing a solar cell by selectively freeing an epitaxial layer from a single crystal substrate upon which it was grown. In some embodiments the process includes, among other things, providing a first substrate; depositing a separation layer on said first substrate; depositing on said separation layer a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell; mounting and bonding a flexible support on top of the sequence of layers; etching said separation layer while applying an agitating action to the etchant solution so as to remove said flexible support with said epitaxial layer from said first substrate.
Claims 1. A method for manufacturing a solar cell using a process for selectively freeing an epitaxial layer from a single crystal substrate upon which it was grown, comprising: providing a first substrate of gallium arsenide; depositing a separation layer on said first substrate; depositing on the separation layer a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell including: forming over the separation layer an upper first solar subcell having a first band gap and including a semiconductor contact layer; forming over said first solar subcell a middle second solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a graded interlayer over said second solar subcell; and forming over said graded interlayer a lower third solar subcell having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell; mounting the first substrate and the sequence of layers of semiconductor material on a flexible film; mechanically holding said first substrate against a bottom support of an etching apparatus; attaching a connecting link element that connects at least two opposed points on the periphery of the flexible film to an upper portion of the etching apparatus; introducing said solar cell having said flexible film bonded thereon into an etchant environment in said etching apparatus; etching said separation layer while applying mechanical tension to said connecting link element so as to remove said flexible film with the epitaxial layer from said first substrate; attaching the flexible film to a surrogate substrate by an electrostatic technique; depositing a contact metal layer over the semiconductor contact layer; lithographically processing the contact metal layer to form grid lines; attaching a cover glass over the grid lines; and removing the surrogate substrate. 2. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the etchant environment is a liquid solution. 3. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the etchant environment is an atmosphere containing an etchant aerosol. 4. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the surrogate substrate is composed of GaAs, Ge, or Si. 5. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the etchant is hydrofluoric acid. 6. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the separation layer has a thickness of approximately 50 Angstroms. 7. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the electrostatic technique utilizes an electrostatic chuck. 8. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the mechanical tension applied to said connecting link element allows said epitaxial layer and the surrogate substrate to curl upward, permitting the outdiffusion of reaction products of the etching process. 9. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the upper subcell is composed of InGa(Al)P. 10. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the middle subcell is composed of an GaAs, GaInP, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and a GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 11. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the lower solar subcell is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter layer, or a InGaAs base layer and a InGaP emitter layer. 12. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the graded interlayer is compositionally graded to lattice match the middle subcell on one side and the lower subcell on the other side, and is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAl.sub.1-yAs with x and y selected such that the band gap of the interlayer remains constant throughout its thickness and greater than said second band gap. 13. A method as defined in claim 12, wherein the graded interlayer has approximately a 1.5 eV band gap throughout its thickness. 14. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the second solar cell and less than or equal to that of the third solar cell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the second solar cell. 15. A process for manufacturing a solar cell by selectively freeing an epitaxial layer from a single crystal substrate upon which it was grown, comprising: providing a first substrate; depositing a separation layer on said first substrate; depositing on said separation layer a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell; mounting and bonding a flexible support on top of the sequence of layers; etching said separation layer while applying an agitating action to the etchant solution so as to remove said flexible support with said epitaxial layer from said first substrate; attaching the flexible support to a rigid surrogate substrate; depositing a metal layer over the semiconductor contact layer; and removing the flexible support and said rigid surrogate substrate. 16. A process as defined in claim 15, wherein the agitating action allows said epitaxial layer and the surrogate substrate to curl upward, permitting the outdiffusion of reaction products of the etching process. 17. A process as defined in claim 15 wherein etching said separation layer comprises the immersion of said solar cell having said flexible support bonded thereon in the etchant solution. 