A battery-powered fueling data collection unit for use with a meter and a register associated with a fuel transfer apparatus and for use with a system for managing fueling transactions of a fleet operator using fuel transfer apparatuses at multiple locations includes a fueling data interface module for receiving fueling information from the fueling meter and/or register and an internal battery power source. A processor is provided for monitoring the power level in the battery and for detecting if the power level in the battery drops below a threshold amount. Also, a communications module is provided for wirelessly forwarding an alert to a remote computer to alert the remote computer that the battery power is low.
Claims 1. A battery-powered fueling data collection unit for use with a meter and a register associated with a fuel transfer apparatus and for use with a system for managing fueling transactions of a fleet operator using fuel transfer apparatuses at multiple locations, the fueling data collection unit comprising: a fueling data interface module for receiving fueling information from the fueling meter and/or register; a battery power source; a processor for monitoring the power level in the battery and for detecting if the power level in the battery drops below a threshold amount; and a communications module for wirelessly forwarding an alert to a remote computer to alert the remote computer that the battery power is low. 2. The battery-powered fueling data collection unit of claim 1 further comprising a solar-powered battery charger for charging the battery. 3. The battery-powered fueling data collection unit of claim 1 further comprising an input for connecting the battery to an external battery charger for charging the battery. 4. The battery-powered fueling data collection unit of claim 1 wherein the communications module communicates wirelessly with a local hand-held computer device. 5. The battery-powered fueling data collection unit of claim 1 wherein the communications module wirelessly forwards an alert to a remote computer via a local computing device to alert the remote computer that the battery power is low. 6. The battery-powered fueling data collection unit of claim 1 wherein the communications module communicates wirelessly via cellular. 7. The battery-powered fueling data collection unit of claim 1 wherein the communications module communicates wirelessly via Wi-Fi. 8. The battery-powered fueling data collection unit of claim 1 wherein the communications module communicates wirelessly via Bluetooth. 9. The battery-powered fueling data collection unit of claim 1 wherein the fueling data collection unit monitors the maintenance status of the fuel transfer apparatus and is operable for communicating the monitored maintenance status to a remote computer by relaying it through a local computing device. 10. The battery-powered fueling data collection unit of claim 9 wherein the fueling data collection unit monitors the maintenance status of one or more fuel filters in the fuel transfer apparatus by monitoring fuel pressures upstream and downstream of the filter(s) to determine whether the filter(s) is clogged and needs to be replaced. 11. The battery-powered fueling data collection unit of claim 1 wherein the fueling data collection unit is operative to monitor the functioning status of the fuel transfer apparatus and is operable for communicating the monitored functioning status to a remote computer by relaying such through a local computing device. 12. The battery-powered fueling data collection unit of claim 1 wherein the fueling data interface module is adapted for connection to a fueling meter with a mechanical register using pulses or an electronic register. 13. The fueling data collection unit as claimed in claim 1 wherein the communications module is used to download updated firmware and/or software from a remote computer relayed through a local computing device. 14. The fueling data collection unit as claimed in claim 1 wherein the communications module is used to communicate fueling data to and from a remote computer relayed through a local computing device. 15. The fueling data collection unit as claimed in claim 1 wherein the communications module is used to communicate operating conditions of the fueling operation and fueling data to a remote computer relayed through a local computing device. 16. The fueling data collection unit of claim 1 wherein the fueling data collection unit monitors the maintenance status of one or more fuel filters in the fuel transfer apparatus by monitoring fuel pressures upstream and downstream of the filter(s) to determine whether the filter(s) is clogged and needs to be replaced. 17. The fueling data collection unit as claimed in claim 1 wherein the communications module communicates fuel custody transfer quantities and non-fuel data. 18. The fueling data collection unit as claimed in claim 17 wherein the non-fuel data includes one or more of maintenance status of the fuel transfer apparatus, operating status of the fuel transfer apparatus, and power status of the fueling data collection unit. 