A temperature-adjusted spectrometer can include a light source and a temperature sensor.
Claims 1. A temperature-adjusted spectrometer comprising: a light source for generating light to illuminate a sample area of a substrate, wherein the light is reflected from the sample area, the reflected light comprising a scattered radiation; a spectral analyzer for analyzing the scattered radiation to obtain a spectrum of the sample area of the substrate; a temperature sensor; and a first lens optically connected to the temperature sensor, wherein thermal radiation radiates from the sample area of the substrate through the lens to the temperature sensor, the temperature sensor measuring the temperature of the sample area of the substrate. 2. The spectrometer of claim 1, wherein the spectral analyzer is configured to obtain the chemical composition of the deposited film on the substrate by analyzing the spectrum. 3. The spectrometer of claim 1, further comprising a shutter for blocking the light during the temperature measurement to avoid the influence of the light on the temperature measurement. 4. The spectrometer of claim 1, further comprising a shutter for blocking the temperature sensor during analyzing the scattered radiation to avoid the interference with the scattered radiation measurement. 5. The spectrometer of claim 1, further comprising a second lens for optically focusing the light to the sample area of the substrate. 6. The spectrometer of claim 1, further comprising a waveguide structure for coupling the light to the sample area of the substrate. 7. The spectrometer of claim 1, wherein the temperature sensor comprises an infrared detector having a wavelength measurement range of about 1 to about 100 micron. 8. The spectrometer of claim 1, wherein the temperature sensor comprises an infrared detector having a wavelength measurement range of about 1 to about 50 micron. 9. The spectrometer of claim 1, wherein the temperature sensor comprises an infrared detector having a wavelength measurement range of about 1 to about 20 micron. 10. The spectrometer of claim 1, wherein the temperature sensor comprises an infrared detector having a wavelength measurement range of about 1 to about 5 micron. 11. The spectrometer of claim 1, wherein the temperature sensor comprises an infrared detector having a wavelength measurement range of about 3 to about 8 micron. 12. The spectrometer of claim 1, wherein the temperature sensor comprises an infrared detector having a wavelength measurement range of about 7 to about 18 micron. 13. The spectrometer of claim 1, wherein the light source comprises a laser diode. 14. The spectrometer of claim 1, wherein the spectral analyzer is configured to collect the scattered radiation from the sample area of the substrate. 15. The spectrometer of claim 14, wherein the spectral analyzer comprises input channel optics for collecting the scattered radiation from the sample area of the substrate. 16. The spectrometer of claim 15, wherein the input channel optics comprises optic fibers. 17. The spectrometer of claim 15, wherein the input channel optics comprises a filter positioned before the spectral analyzer for filtering out the ambient light before being detected by the spectral analyzer. 18. The spectrometer of claim 1, wherein the first lens is optically connected to the sensor with an optic fiber cable. 19. The spectrometer of claim 1, wherein the scattered radiation comprises Raman-scattered radiation and the spectrum is a Raman spectrum. 20. A method of obtaining a temperature-adjusted spectrum from a sample area of the substrate, comprising: generating light to illuminate a sample area of a substrate by a light source, wherein the light is reflected from the sample area, the reflected light comprising a scattered radiation; analyzing the scattered radiation by a spectral analyzer to obtain a spectrum of the sample area of the substrate; directing thermal radiation from material deposited on the substrate to a temperature sensor through a first lens; and measuring the temperature of the material deposited on the substrate from the thermal radiation by the temperature sensor. 21. The method of claim 20, further comprising analyzing the spectrum based on the measured temperature and providing a calibration table for temperature-based adjustment to the spectrum. 22. The method of claim 20, further comprising blocking the light during the temperature measurement to avoid the influence of the light on the temperature measurement. 23. The method of claim 20, further comprising blocking the temperature sensor during analyzing the scattered radiation to avoid the interference with the scattered radiation measurement. 24. The method of claim 20, further comprising optically focusing the light to the sample area of the substrate by a second lens. 25. The method of claim 20, further comprising coupling the light to the sample area of the substrate by a waveguide structure. 26. The method of claim 20, further comprising transporting the substrate on a conveyor. 27. The method of claim 20, further comprising storing the temperature adjusted spectrum measurement data in a measurement data storage module for analysis. 28. The method of claim 20, further comprising real time diagnosing the temperature-adjusted spectrum by a measurement data processing module. 29. The method of claim 20, wherein the step of directing thermal radiation from a material deposited on the substrate comprises directing thermal radiation from material deposited in the sample area on the substrate. 30. The method of claim 20, wherein the step of directing thermal radiation from a material deposited on the substrate comprises directing thermal radiation from material deposited outside the sample area. 31. The method of claim 30, further comprising interpolating a material temperature of material in the sample area from the temperature of the material outside the sample area after the step of measuring the temperature of the material deposited on the substrate. 32. A method of manufacturing a photovoltaic device, comprising: forming a film on a substrate; generating light to illuminate a sample area of the film on the substrate by a light source, wherein the light is reflected from the sample area, the reflected light comprising a scattered radiation; analyzing the scattered radiation by a spectral analyzer to obtain a spectrum of the sample area of the substrate; analyzing thermal radiation from the sample area of the substrate by a temperature sensor to obtain the temperature of the sample area of the substrate; analyzing the spectrum with the measured temperature by a calibration module to provide a temperature-adjusted spectrum; and monitor the film's composition based a temperature-adjusted spectrum from the sample area of the substrate. 33. The method of claim 32, wherein the film on the substrate comprises a copper indium gallium selenide. 34. The method of any of claim 32, further comprising transporting the substrate on a conveyor. 35. A photovoltaic device comprising: a substrate; and an analyzed photovoltaic absorber material adjacent to the substrate, wherein the photovoltaic absorber material is analyzed by illuminating a sample area including the photovoltaic absorber material with a light source, wherein the light reflected from the sample area comprises scattered radiation that is directed toward a spectral analyzer to obtain a spectrum of the photovoltaic absorber material at the sample area, wherein the spectrum is compared to the temperature at the sample area. 36. A system for obtaining a temperature-adjusted spectrum from a material on a substrate in a manufacturing process, comprising: a substrate process chamber; a light source configured to direct light along a light path through a first lens toward a substrate position in the process chamber; a spectral analyzer configured to receive light scattered from a material sample in a sample area on a substrate located at the substrate position in the process chamber; and a temperature measurement device configured to measure the temperature of a material sample on a substrate located at the substrate position in the process chamber. 37. The system of claim 36, further comprising a substrate positioned at the substrate position in the process chamber. 38. The system of claim 37, wherein the substrate comprises a material deposited on the surface of the substrate. 39. The system of claim 38, wherein the material comprises a semiconductor material. 40. The system of claim 39, wherein the semiconductor material comprises copper indium gallium (di)selenide. 41. The system of claim 39, wherein the semiconductor material comprises cadmium telluride. 42. The system of claim 36, further comprising a computer configured to analyze the spectrum based on the measured temperature and providing a calibration table for temperature-based adjustment to the spectrum. 43. The system of claim 36, further comprising a shutter configured to block the light from the light source during the temperature measurement to avoid the influence of the light on the temperature measurement. 44. The system of claim 36, further comprising a water vapor measurement device configured to measure the water vapor concentration inside the process chamber. 45. The system of claim 36, further comprising an oxygen measurement device configured to measure the oxygen concentration inside the process chamber. 46. The system of claim 44 or 45, further comprising a computer configured to correct spectral data obtained from the material, wherein the correction is based on one or more of material temperature, oxygen concentration inside the process chamber or water concentration inside the process chamber. 47. The system of claim 36, further comprising a conveyor configured to position the substrate at the substrate position in the process chamber. 48. The system of claim 36, wherein the process chamber interior has a temperature of between about 25 degrees C. and about 400 degrees C. 49. The system of claim 36, wherein the process chamber interior has a temperature of between about 25 degrees C. and about 300 degrees C. 50. The system of claim 36, wherein the process chamber interior has a temperature of between about 25 degrees C. and about 200 degrees C. 51. The system of claim 36, wherein the process chamber is connected to an inert gas source capable of creating an inert gas ambient within the process chamber. 52. The system of claim 51, wherein the inert gas source comprises an inert gas selected from the group consisting of nitrogen and argon. 