An apparatus and system for increasing power output for wind energy generation through a diffusing mechanism. An apparatus and system for mixing the wake and external flow, thereby permitting increasing mass-flux for wind energy generation. An apparatus to control and energize the boundary layer associated with wind energy generation by the use of an intake, bypass, and diffuser mechanism. A distributed load support provided by a wind energy generation apparatus and system. An apparatus for augmenting a wind energy generation system by achieving an increased energy extraction per unit of primary mass-flow.
Claims 1. An diffuser-augmented wind turbine assembly for generating electricity, comprising: a low-profile tower system coupled to a wind turbine, said wind turbine comprising: a rifled diffuser shroud, said rifled diffuser shroud comprising light weight composites; a hub rotatably mounted within said rifled diffuser shroud; and a plurality of high surface area lifting airfoils coupled radially to said hub, and wherein said airfoils further comprise active control mechanisms; and a bypass at a front entry plane of said rifled diffuser shroud for increased wind flow across said airfoils at low wind velocities. 2. The diffuser-augmented wind turbine assembly for generating electricity of claim 1, wherein said low-profile tower system further comprises a plenum chamber. 3. The diffuser-augmented wind turbine assembly for generating electricity of claim 1, wherein said rifled diffuser shroud further comprises solar panels. 4. The diffuser-augmented wind turbine assembly for generating electricity of claim 1, wherein said wind turbine is further comprised of an electrical bearing, said electrical bearing comprised of a slip ring and a friction bearing. 5. The diffuser-augmented wind turbine assembly for generating electricity of claim 1, wherein said rifled diffuser shroud is configured to have an angle gradient nearly parallel at a rifled diffuser shroud exit. 6. The diffuser-augmented wind turbine assembly for generating electricity of claim 1, wherein said assembly further comprises a multi-controller. 7. The energy diffuser-augmented wind turbine assembly for generating electricity of claim 6, wherein said multi-controller comprises central control software, an inverter, a DC us, and an AC bus. 8. A diffuser-augmented wind turbine, comprising: a rifled diffuser shroud, said rifled diffuser shroud comprising light weight composites; a hub rotatably mounted within said rifled diffuser shroud; and a plurality of high surface area lifting airfoils coupled radially to said hub, and wherein said airfoils further comprise active control mechanisms. 9. The diffuser-augmented wind turbine of claim 8, wherein said hub comprises a nose cone spinner and a tail cone. 10. The diffuser-augmented wind turbine of claim 8, wherein said rifled diffuser shroud comprises individual panels, each panel comprising rifling and vertical stiffeners. 11. The diffuser-augmented wind turbine of claim 10, wherein said rifled diffuser shroud further comprises radial slots between said individual panels. 12. The diffuser-augmented wind turbine of claim 10, wherein said rifled diffuser shroud further comprises circumferential slots between said individual panels. 13. The diffuser-augmented wind turbine of claim 8, wherein said shroud is comprised porous material. 14. A method of generating electricity using a diffuser-augmented wind turbine assembly, comprising the steps of: forming a rifled diffuser shroud from a light weight composite, rotatably mounting a hub within said rifled diffuser shroud, forming a plurality of high surface area lifting airfoils with active control mechanisms and radially coupling said plurality of high surface area lifting airfoils to said hub to form a wind turbine; forming a low-profile tower system and coupling said low-profile tower system to said wind turbine; and forming a bypass at a front entry plane of said rifled diffuser shroud, whereby electricity is generated at wind flow velocities that would not cause airfoil plane flow in non-bypass assemblies. 15. The method of generating electricity using said diffuser-augmented wind turbine assembly of claim 15, wherein said method of generating electricity further comprises the step of replacing a power distribution substation with by forming a net metered station with multiple diffuser-augmented wind turbine assemblies linked together. 16. The method of generating electricity using said diffuser-augmented wind turbine assembly of claim 16, wherein multiple net metered stations are linked together to eliminate a large substation. 17. The method of generating electricity using said diffuser-augmented wind turbine assembly of claim 16, wherein multiple net metered stations are arrayed in a linear fashion forming a continuous string of diffuser-augmented wind turbine assemblies. 18. The method of generating electricity using said diffuser-augmented wind turbine assembly of claim 15, wherein said step of forming a rifled diffuser shroud from a light weight composite comprises high volume UV curable resin manufacturing. 19. The method of generating electricity using said diffuser-augmented wind turbine assembly of claim 15, wherein said step of forming a rifled diffuser shroud from a light weight composite comprises embedding fiber optics within said light weight composite. 20. The method of generating electricity using a diffuser-augmented wind turbine assembly of claim 15, wherein said method further comprises forming a portable electricity generation system. 