A tower mounting apparatus consists of tower mounting brackets, track members, a roller assembly, platform mounting brackets, and platform members. The tower mounting brackets are attached to a tower at a first interface, and are attached to the track members at a second interface. The roller assemblies are attached to the platform mounting brackets at a first interface, while the platform members are attached to the platform mounting brackets at a second interface. The roller assemblies are designed to rotate freely over the track members. One or more devices--such as a wind turbine, a cellular communication system, a transmitter/receiver for radio or television signals, or solar arrays--may be mounted onto the platform. The apparatus may further comprise a slip-ring assembly that provides a continuous electrical connection to such devices. The platform mounting apparatus may be installed on a variety of different towers.
Claims 1. A mounting apparatus for mounting devices or systems onto a tower, comprising: tower mounting brackets; track members; roller assembly; platform mounting brackets; and platform members; wherein said tower mounting bracket has two or more mounting interfaces; wherein said tower mounting bracket is adapted to be releasably secured to said tower at said first mounting interface; wherein said track member is adapted to be releasably secured to said tower mounting bracket at said second mounting interface; wherein said platform mounting bracket has two or more mounting interfaces; wherein said roller assembly is releasably secured to said platform mounting bracket at said first mounting interface; wherein said platform member is releasably secured to said platform mounting bracket at said second mounting interface; wherein said roller assembly is configured to roll on said track members; wherein said device or system is mounted onto said platform member. 2. The mounting apparatus of claim 2, further comprising a slip ring assembly, wherein: said slip ring assembly provides a continuous electrical connection with said device or system. 3. The mounting apparatus of claim 2, wherein said slip ring assembly comprises: a slip ring track; a slip ring rotor; and a slip ring stator; wherein said slip ring track is releasably secured to said tower mounting bracket at said third mounting interface; wherein said rotor is releasably secured to said platform mounting bracket at said third mounting interface; wherein said stator is releasably secured to said slip ring track. 4. The mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein: number of said platform segments is at most the number of said roller assemblies. 5. The mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein said roller assembly comprises: a primary vertical roller; a lateral roller; and a bottom roller. 6. The mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein: said track members lie in one or more planes; wherein said plane is substantially perpendicular to the longitudinal axis of said tower. 7. The mounting apparatus of claim 6, wherein: said track members join together to form a single track in said plane. 8. The mounting apparatus of claim 7, wherein: said single track is a substantially closed curve that encircles said tower. 9. The mounting apparatus of claim 8, wherein: said roller assemblies are freely rotatable on said track. 10. The mounting apparatus of claim 8, wherein: number of said roller assemblies is one more than the number of said track segments. 11. The mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein: said device is a wind turbine. 12. The mounting apparatus of claim 11, wherein: said wind turbine is a fixed-axis turbine. 13. The mounting apparatus of claim 12, wherein: said wind turbine has a fixed horizontal axis. 14. The mounting apparatus of claim 12, wherein: said wind turbine has a fixed vertical axis. 15. The mounting apparatus of claim 11, wherein: said wind turbine is a variable-axis turbine. 16. The mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein: said system is a cellular communication system. 17. The mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein: said system receives, transmits, or transfers radio signals. 18. The mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein: said system receives, transmits, or transfers television signals. 19. The mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein: said system is a solar array. 20. The mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein: said apparatus is mounted onto a lattice-type tower. 21. The mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein: said apparatus is mounted onto a monopole tower. 22. The mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein: said apparatus is mounted onto a floatable tower. 