A method is described for operating a solar cell assembly, particularly having solar cells that are organically based for power output from it, wherein an electric power output is controlled according to a specified time program, or at least one state variable of the solar cell assembly is monitored in a time-dependent manner, and the output electric power is controlled as a function of recorded measured values of the state variable.
Claims 1-10. (canceled) 11. A method for operating a solar cell assembly, which includes solar cells that are organically based, for providing electric power output from it, the method comprising: one of controlling the electric power output according to a specified time program, and monitoring at least one state variable of the solar cell assembly in a time-dependent manner, the electric power output being controlled as a function of recorded measured values of the state variable. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the electric power that is output is respectively periodically reduced for a predetermined time span and by a predetermined amount, as compared to a maximum power value. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the periodic reduction is performed in a manner connected with a time of day, including as an overnight lowering of the power that is output. 14. The method of claim 11, wherein the electric power output is controlled by temporarily reducing the operating voltage to a suitable value for the regeneration of the solar cell assembly, which includes its idling voltage. 15. The method of claim 11, wherein the electric power output is monitored as the state variable, and its recorded measured value is used to control the output. 16. The method of claim 11, wherein the time dependence of the state variable is detected by scanning at equal intervals. 17. A system, comprising: a control arrangement, including: a control device for controlling in time the output electric power, in which a control program is implemented; and at least one of a timer connected to the control device on the input side, and a sensor connected to the control device on the input side for the time-dependent recording of the state variable and for outputting a signal to the control device that represents the recording result; wherein the control arrangement is operable for operating a solar cell assembly, which includes solar cells that are organically based, for providing electric power output from it, by performing the following: one of controlling the electric power output according to a specified time program, and monitoring at least one state variable of the solar cell assembly in a time-dependent manner, the electric power output being controlled as a function of recorded measured values of the state variable. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the sensor is configured as a power measuring unit for detecting the power that is output, including at its instantaneous value. 19. The system of claim 17, wherein a threshold value discriminator is connected between the sensor and the control device, so that the input signal output by the sensor for the control device is a function of one of exceeding and undershooting at least one specified threshold value of the state variable. 20. The system of claim 17, wherein the control device is configured as a process-controlled switch control unit having an internal or permanently connected control program memory. 