According to one embodiment, a ceramic substrate for mounting a device is provided. The ceramic substrate includes a through-hole and a recessed portion provided on at least one edge surface thereof.
Claims 1. A ceramic substrate for mounting an LED, the ceramic substrate comprising a through-hole and a recessed portion provided on at least one edge surface thereof. 2. The ceramic substrate according to claim 1, the substrate being a silicon nitride substrate. 3. The ceramic substrate according to claim 2, wherein the silicon nitride substrate has a plate thickness of 0.2 mm to 1 mm. 4. The ceramic substrate according to claim 3, wherein the silicon nitride substrate has a heat conductivity of 60 W/mK or more and a 3-point bending strength of 600 MPa or more at ambient temperature. 5. The ceramic substrate according to claim 4, the substrate further comprising a circuit section. 6. The ceramic substrate according to claim 1, the substrate having a length of one edge of 10 mm to 200 mm. 7. The ceramic substrate according to claim 1, wherein the through-hole has a diameter of 1 mm to 5 mm. 8. The ceramic substrate according to claim 1, wherein the recessed portion has a width of 1 mm to 5 mm and a depth of 1 mm to 5 mm. 9. The ceramic substrate according to claim 1, wherein a minimum distance from the through-hole to one edge of the substrate is 1 mm or more. 10. The ceramic substrate according to claim 1, wherein a minimum distance from the recessed portion to one edge of the substrate is 1 mm or more. 11. An LED lamp comprising the ceramic substrate as claimed in claim 1 and a light-emitting diode mounted on the ceramic substrate. 12. The LED lamp according to claim 11, the LED lamp comprising two or more of the light-emitting diodes. 13. The LED lamp according to claim 11, the lamp being used for a vehicle. 14. The LED lamp according to claim 11, the lamp being used for a headlight. 15. A headlight comprising the LED lamp as claimed in claim 11. 16. The headlight according to claim 15, the headlight comprising: a substrate to which the LED lamp is secured; and a cover with a lens function which is secured to the substrate and cover the LED lamp, wherein the LED lamp is secured to the substrate by screw-fastening the through-hole and recessed portion of the ceramic substrate onto the substrate. 17. A ceramic substrate for mounting at least one type of device selected from the group consisting of a semiconductor device and a solar cell device, the substrate comprising a through-hole and a recessed portion provided on at least one edge surface thereof. 18. An electronic part comprising: a ceramic substrate comprising a through-hole and a recessed portion provided on at least one edge surface thereof; and at least one device which is mounted on the ceramic substrate and selected from the group consisting of a semiconductor device and a solar cell device. 19. The electronic part according to claim 18, wherein the number of the devices to be mounted is two or more. 