An autonomous open-ocean fish-farming structure has a submersible cage enclosure tethered to a topside buoy. The topside buoy stores feed, is equipped with radio telemetry to communicate positioning signals transmitted from external sources, and generates electrical power using, for example, a hybrid solar OTEC heat engine. The structure is navigated and maintained in a geostationary position within the ocean environment by means of position-correction technology and is propelled by thrusters attached to the cage enclosure and, optionally, to the underside of the topside buoy. The self-positioning, self-powered fish-farming structure enables unmanned, extended marine deployment in deeper ocean waters without the need for tethering or anchoring to the ocean floor. Multiple structures can be maintained in a spaced apart configuration to comprise a flotilla of fish farming structures attended by a tender ship that is autonomous, easily serviced and conveniently relocated.
Claims 1. An autonomous submersible structure for growing aquatic resources comprising: (a) a cage for growing aquatic resources in a cage volume contained therein; (b) a remote controlled onboard dynamic positioning system capable of maintaining the aquatic structure in an approximate geostationary position; (c) an onboard buoyancy control system coupled to the dynamic positioning system; (d) an onboard propulsion system coupled to the dynamic positioning system configured to propel the aquatic structure within the ocean environment in three dimensions; wherein said remote controlled onboard dynamic positioning system communicates with the onboard buoyancy control system and the onboard propulsion system to position said structure within the ocean environment in three dimensions and to maintain said structure in an approximate geostationary position on or at a given depth below the water surface. 2. A system for growing aquatic resources to be maintained in an approximate geostationary position including relative to the water surface comprising a plurality of autonomous submersible structures each such structure comprising; (a) a cage for growing aquatic resources within a cage volume contained therein; (b) a remote controlled dynamic positioning system capable of maintaining the structure in an approximate geostationary position on or at a given depth below the water surface; (c) a buoyancy control system coupled to the dynamic positioning system; and (d) a propulsion system coupled to the dynamic positioning system configured to propel the aquatic structure within the ocean environment; wherein said remote controlled dynamic positioning system of each structure of the system communicates with the buoyancy control system and the propulsion system of said same structure to position said structure within the ocean environment and to maintain said structure in an approximate geostationary position on or at a given depth below the water surface; and wherein each said structure of the system has a further communication system for communicating its position relative to the positions of at least one other aquatic structure of said system in order to maintain each such submersible structure in a group pattern relative to the other submersible structures in approximate correspondence with a target geostationary position on or at a given depth below the water surface. 3. An autonomous structure for growing aquatic animal resources comprising: (a) a submersible cage enclosure for growing aquatic animal resources within a cage volume contained therein; (b) a topside buoy tethered to said cage enclosure; (c) a remote controlled onboard dynamic positioning system capable of maintaining the aquatic structure in an approximate geostationary position; (d) an onboard buoyancy control system coupled to the dynamic positioning system; (e) an onboard propulsion system coupled to the dynamic positioning system configured to propel the aquatic structure within the aquatic environment; wherein said remote controlled onboard dynamic positioning system communicates with the onboard buoyancy control system and the onboard propulsion system to position said structure within the aquatic environment and to maintain said structure in an approximate geostationary position and the cage enclosure at a given depth relative to the water surface. 4. An aquatic structure according to claim 3, wherein said remote controlled onboard dynamic positioning system comprises: (a) a signal-receiving apparatus for receiving a positioning signal transmitted from at least one external source; (b) a position-correction apparatus for providing a position-error signal based on the positioning signal received by the signal-receiving apparatus; and wherein said onboard propulsion system generates a corrective propulsive force commensurate with the position-error signal provided from the position-correction apparatus so as to maintain the aquatic structure in approximate correspondence with a target geostationary position. 5. An aquatic structure according to claim 3, wherein said external source transmitting a positioning signal is selected from a group consisting of one or more of the following: (a) Global Positioning System (GPS) satellite; (b) land based control station transducer; (c) vessel based control station transducer; and (d) underwater transmitter anchored to the aquatic floor. 6. An aquatic structure according to claim 3 wherein said topside buoy has at least one antenna for receiving communication signals from said external sources that transmit positioning signals. 7. An aquatic structure according to claim 3 wherein said structure has at least one underwater transducer for receiving an underwater signal transmission from a transmitter or a transponder placed in a known position underwater. 8. An aquatic structure according to claim 7 wherein said underwater transducer is affixed to the underside of said topside buoy or the underside of said cage enclosure or both. 9. An aquatic structure according to claim 3 wherein said cage enclosure has a spherical shape formed by a skeleton assembled together with rigid members and a mesh netting mounted on outer peripheries of the skeleton. 10. An aquatic structure according to claim 9 wherein said skeleton demonstrates a hub and spoke construction forming two opposed geodesic domes. 11. An aquatic structure according to claim 3 wherein said propulsion system is comprised of at least one rotatable thruster unit mounted on said aquatic structure for providing propulsive forces to position and maintain said aquatic structure in a given geostationary position. 12. An aquatic structure according to claim 11 wherein a plurality of rotatable thruster units are mounted on the periphery of said cage enclosure. 13. An aquatic structure according to claim 12 wherein said propulsion system further comprises a propulsion means mounted to the underside of said topside buoy. 14. An aquatic structure according to claim 3 wherein said cage enclosure further comprises a central stem and wherein said onboard buoyancy control system is an air buoyancy control system housed in said central stem of said cage enclosure. 15. An aquatic structure according to claim 3 wherein said cage enclosure further comprises an inflatable collar surrounding said enclosure and wherein said onboard buoyancy control system is an inflatable collar air buoyancy control system. 16. An aquatic structure according to claim 15 wherein said inflatable collar attaches around the circumference of said enclosure when said enclosure is in the upright position. 17. An aquatic structure according to claim 15 wherein said inflatable collar attaches around the upper aspects of said enclosure when said enclosure is in the upright position. 18. An aquatic structure according to claim 3 wherein said topside buoy stores fish food and includes an automated feed dispenser system for dispensing feed into said cage enclosure through a feed conduit connecting said topside buoy to said cage enclosure. 19. An aquatic structure according to claim 3 wherein said structure is powered by a solar powered generator. 20. An aquatic structure according to claim 19 wherein said solar powered generator is powered by a solar concentrator employing a Fresnel lens. 21. An aquatic structure according to claim 19 wherein said solar powered generator is a hybrid solar OTEC generator. 22. An aquatic structure according to claim 19 wherein said hybrid solar OTEC generator is also used to produce hydrogen gas that is collected and stored for later distribution and sale. 23. An aquatic structure according to claim 19 wherein said power from said solar powered generator is supplemented by a bio-fuel powered heat engine. 24. An aquatic structure according to claim 3 further comprising a compressed air conduit connecting said topside buoy to said cage enclosure and wherein compressed air is pumped from said topside buoy to the buoyancy control system of said cage enclosure. 25. An aquatic structure according to claim 3 further comprising at least one onboard power storage unit for storing power. 26. An aquatic structure according to claim 3 further comprising a power conduit connecting said topside buoy to said cage enclosure for transporting electrical power between said electrical components housed in said topside buoy and electrical components housed in said cage enclosure. 27. An aquatic structure according to claim 3 further comprising at least one onboard intelligent control center. 28. An aquatic structure according to claim 3 further comprising an information conduit connecting said topside buoy to said cage enclosure for transporting data between intelligent components housed in said topside buoy and intelligent components housed in said cage enclosure. 29. An aquatic structure according to claim 3 further comprising Lidar radar sensor system that remotely monitors the aquatic resource being grown within said cage volume. 30. An aquatic structure according to claim 3 further comprising water quality sensors affixed to said cage enclosure that remotely monitor the water quality with said cage enclosure. 31. An aquatic structure according to claim 3 wherein the length of the tether connecting said topside buoy to said cage enclosure demonstrates a ratio of at least 4:1 relative to the diameter of said cage enclosure. 32. An aquatic structure according to claim 3 further comprising one or more sea anchors stored within said structure that are deployed to slow the structure's drift in the direction of the aquatic current. 33. A system for growing aquatic animal resources to be maintained in an approximate geostationary position comprising a plurality of autonomous submersible aquatic structures each such structure comprising: (a) a submersible cage enclosure for growing aquatic animal resource within a cage volume contained therein; (b) a topside buoy tethered to said cage enclosure; (c) a remote controlled onboard dynamic positioning system capable of maintaining the aquatic structure in an approximate geostationary position; (d) an onboard buoyancy control system coupled to the dynamic positioning system; (e) an onboard propulsion system coupled to the dynamic positioning system configured to propel the aquatic structure within the aquatic environment; wherein said remote controlled onboard dynamic positioning system communicates with the onboard buoyancy control system and the onboard propulsion system to position said structure within the aquatic environment and to maintain said structure in an approximate geostationary position and the cage enclosure at a given depth relative to the water surface, and wherein each of said structure of the system further has a communication system for communicating its position relative to the positions of at least one other aquatic structure of said system in order to maintain each such submersible structure in a group pattern relative to the other submersible structures in approximate correspondence with a target geostationary position. 34. The system of claim 33 further comprising a tender boat that remains in the general vicinity of said structures, communicates with said structures, supplies said structures with fish feed. 35. The system of claim 33 further comprising robotic underwater devices to clean said cage enclosures and remove debris and fatalities from said enclosures. 36. The system of claim 33 further comprising a conveyor belt system that attached to said cage enclosure when said cage enclosure is surfaced and used to harvest the aquatic resource grown in the cage volume. 