An apparatus for measuring specular reflectance of a sample is provided including a light source for transmitting a beam of light at an angle of incidence onto a surface of a sample; a polarising filter comprising a wire grid that avoids a need for collimation of the incident beam of light; a sample holder for mounting the sample; and a detector assembly for detecting a beam of light which is specularly reflected from a surface of the sample; wherein the sample holder and detector assembly are mounted for relative movement, such that the light source, the detector assembly and the sample holder are relatively positionable for a specularly reflected component of a transmitted light beam to be detected for different angles of incidence of the light beam.
Claims 1. An apparatus for measuring specular reflectance of a sample, the apparatus comprising: a light source for transmitting a beam of light at an angle of incidence onto a surface of a sample; a polarizing filter comprising a wire grid that avoids a need for collimation of the incident beam of light; a sample holder for mounting the sample; and a detector assembly for detecting a beam of light which is specularly reflected from a surface of the sample; wherein the sample holder and detector assembly are mounted for relative movement, such that the light source, the detector assembly and the sample holder are relatively positionable for a specularly reflected component of a transmitted light beam to be detected for different angles of incidence of the light beam. 2. An accessory apparatus for a spectrometer for measuring specular reflectance of a sample, the apparatus comprising: a polarizing filter comprising a wire grid so as to avoid a need for collimation of an incident beam of light emitted by a light source; a sample holder for mounting the sample, wherein the beam of light is transmitted onto a surface of the sample at an angle of incidence; and a detector assembly for detecting a beam of light which is specularly reflected from the surface of the sample; wherein the sample holder and detector assembly are mounted for relative movement, such that the light source, the detector assembly and the sample holder are relatively positionable for a specularly reflected component of a transmitted light beam to be detected for different angles of incidence of the light beam. 3. The accessory apparatus according to claim 2, wherein the polarizing filter comprises a pair of polarizer plates, each polarizer plate including a wire array, the polarizer plates being mounted face to face with an air gap there between, such that the wire arrays are in parallel. 4. The accessory apparatus according to claim 2, wherein the polarizing filter provides a contrast of greater than 500 at 255 nm. 5. The accessory apparatus according to claim 2, wherein the polarizing filter has a thickness of about 2 mm to about 5 mm. 6. The accessory apparatus according to claims 2, wherein the polarizing filter has a thickness of 2.2 mm. 7. The accessory apparatus according to claim 2, wherein the detector assembly comprises an infra red transmitting detector and an infra red detector. 8. The accessory apparatus according to claim 7, wherein the infra red detector is a photovoltaic detector. 9. The accessory apparatus according to claim 8, wherein the photovoltaic detector comprises an indium gallium arsenide (InGaAs) detector. 10. The accessory apparatus according to claim 2, wherein the detector assembly comprises a silicon detector mounted above an indium gallium arsenide (InGaAs) detector. 11. The accessory apparatus according to claim 10, wherein the silicon detector is approximately 5 mm square. 12. The accessory apparatus according to claim 11, wherein the indium gallium arsenide (InGaAs) detector is approximately 3 mm in diameter. 13. The accessory apparatus according to claim 2, further comprising: an optical component for focusing the beam of light which is specularly reflected from the surface of the sample onto the detector assembly. 14. The accessory apparatus according to claim 13, wherein the beam of light which is specularly reflected from the surface of the sample is focused onto an indium gallium arsenide (InGaAs) detector. 15. The accessory apparatus according to claim 13, wherein the optical component comprises a toroid mirror. 16. The accessory apparatus according to claim 13, wherein the optical component comprises an ellipsoid mirror. 17. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the light source, the detector and the sample holder are correspondingly relatively positionable for a specularly reflected component of a transmitted light beam to be detected for different angles of incidence of the light beam and wherein corresponding relative positions of the light source, the sample surface and the detector are constrained such that said detector is located by said constraint to detect said specularly reflected component of said light beam at an angle of reflection, which is equal to the angle of incidence of the light beam on the sample surface, and wherein the detector for movement along an arc about said axis and the sample holder and the detector are operatively associated such that movement of the sample holder through an angle automatically rotates the detector through twice said angle. 