A smart photovoltaic assembly and a photovoltaic system are provided. The smart photovoltaic assembly comprises a photovoltaic assembly main body, an installation plate disposed on a back surface of the photovoltaic assembly main body, and a current leading terminal connector provided on the installation plate for leading an electric current line from the photovoltaic assembly main body, wherein the current leading terminal connector has a first connector interface adapted for connecting with a second connector interface of a complementary electronic device. The current leading terminal connector is in electrical connection with the complementary electronic device by mutual connection of the first connector interface and the second connector interface. The photovoltaic system comprises the above mentioned smart photovoltaic assembly, wherein the electronic device may be a diode module, an electric voltage converting device, a monitor or other types of electronic devices according to the need of a user.
Claims 1. A smart photovoltaic (PV) assembly, comprising: a photovoltaic assembly main body, an installation plate disposed on a back surface of the photovoltaic assembly main body, and a current leading terminal connector provided on the installation plate for leading an electric current line from the photovoltaic assembly main body, wherein the current leading terminal connector has a first connector interface adapted for connecting with a second connector interface of a complementary electronic device. 2. The smart photovoltaic assembly according to claim 1, wherein both sides of the first connector interface are provided with a first locking socket or a first locking sheet, respectively. 3. The smart photovoltaic assembly according to claim 1, wherein the first connector interface at least comprises one anode connector terminal and one cathode connector terminal. 4. The smart photovoltaic assembly according to claim 3, wherein the first connector interface further comprises intermediate connector terminals. 5. The smart photovoltaic assembly according to claim 4, wherein the number of the intermediate connector terminals of the first connector interface is two. 6. The smart photovoltaic assembly according to claim 1, wherein the installation plate comprises a top plate and a side support portion which is formed by the edge portions of the top plate bending downwards and supports the top plate, and wherein the current leading terminal connector is provided at an end of a surface of the top plate. 7. The smart photovoltaic assembly according to claim 6, wherein the top plate is provided with a plurality of installation holes. 8. The smart photovoltaic assembly according to claim 7, wherein the installation holes in the top plate are through holes and are arranged in a matrix, and wherein a width of an end of each through hole which is close to the current leading terminal connector is smaller than a width of an end of the through hole which is away from the current leading terminal connector. 9. The smart photovoltaic assembly according to claim 8, wherein the through holes in the top plate are inverted T-shaped or L-shaped. 10. The smart photovoltaic assembly according to claim 9, wherein the through holes at a middle portion of the top plate are inverted T-shaped, and the through holes at both sides of the top plate are symmetrically arranged and L-shaped. 11. The smart photovoltaic assembly according to claim 6, wherein a side of the top plate of the installation plate which is close to the back surface of the photovoltaic assembly main body has a plurality of protruding ribs. 12. The smart photovoltaic assembly according to claim 6, wherein the side support portion is provided with a plurality of heat emission holes. 13. The smart photovoltaic assembly according to claim 6, wherein the installation plate is adhered fixedly to the photovoltaic assembly main body via the side support portion and the ribs. 14. The smart photovoltaic assembly according to claim 1, wherein the installation plate is made of a plastic material. 15. A photovoltaic (PV) system comprising a smart photovoltaic assembly according to claim 1 and a complementary electronic device detachably secured to the installation plate, the complementary electronic device having a second connector interface for matching with the first connector interface of the smart photovoltaic assembly, wherein the current leading terminal connector is in electrical connection with the complementary electronic device by mutual connection of the first connector interface and the second connector interface. 16. The photovoltaic system according to claim 15, wherein both sides of the second connector interface are respectively provided with a second locking socket to be matched with the first locking sheet or a second locking sheet to be matched with the first locking socket, and wherein when the first connector interface and the second connector interface are plugged into each other, the first locking sheet is clipped with the second locking socket or the first locking socket is clipped with the second locking sheet. 17. The photovoltaic system according to claim 15, wherein a bottom surface of the complementary electronic device is provided with bottom hooks that are arranged in a matrix and are used to position the complementary electronic device to the top plate of the installation plate, wherein the bottom hooks are inserted into the installation holes and guide the complementary electronic device to move towards the current leading terminal connector, thereby realizing electrical connection. 18. The photovoltaic system according to claim 15, wherein the second connector interface comprises at least one anode connector terminal and one cathode connector terminal. 19. The photovoltaic assembly according to claim 18, wherein the second connector interface further comprises intermediate connector terminals. 20. The photovoltaic assembly according to claim 19, wherein the number of the intermediate connector terminals of the second connector interface is two. 21. The photovoltaic system according to claim 15, wherein the complementary electronic device comprises a diode module, a DC-AC conversion circuit, a DC-DC conversion circuit and/or an assembly monitoring circuit. 22. The photovoltaic system according to claim 15, wherein the cross-section of each bottom hook is inverted T-shaped or L-shaped. 