A digital surveillance system in which the output signal of the camera is highly compressed, to the extent that the compressed signal can be sent over relatively low bandwidth wireless networks, such as cellular networks. The compressed signal is then uploaded to the wireless network from where it can be relayed to a server, such as an internet server, from where it can be accessed, viewed, manipulated and further used by authorized personnel. Such authorized personnel need not be proximate to the surveillance equipment at all. The digital surveillance system can include fixed cameras mounted in fixed orientations and the signals of the various fixed cameras can be integrated into a wide view, as well as used as individual narrow views. These views are wirelessly communicated to an internet server from where they can be accessed, viewed, manipulated and further used by authorized personnel. To power the cameras and the wireless communication device, one or more solar panels are mounted on or applied to the fixed camera mount.
Claims 1. A wireless digital surveillance system for monitoring remote locations, the surveillance system comprising: a camera mount; a camera assembly mounted to the camera mount for outputting a video output, a video processor for collecting the video output of the camera assembly and for compressing the video into a low-bandwidth video signal suitable for transmission over low bandwidth wireless networks; and a wireless communication device for wirelessly communicating the low-bandwidth video signal from the video processor over a low bandwidth wireless network and ultimately to a server for access and viewing by a user. 2. The digital video surveillance system of claim 1, wherein the camera assembly comprises a plurality of fixed digital cameras fixedly mounted to the camera mount, with individual ones of the fixed digital cameras pointing in different directions from one another, and wherein the video processor collects the outputs of the plurality of fixed digital cameras and integrates the outputs of the plurality of fixed digital cameras into an integrated low-bandwidth video signal having a wide view and multiple narrow views. 3. The digital video surveillance system of claim 1, wherein the wireless communication device comprises an air card. 4. The digital video surveillance system of claim 1, wherein video processor's low-bandwidth video signal has a bandwidth of about 6 kbps or more. 5. The digital video surveillance system of claim 1, further comprising a battery operably coupled to a solar power panel affixed to the camera mount. 6. The digital video surveillance system of claim 1, further comprising a 12v battery positioned within the camera mount for powering the camera assembly, the video processor, and the wireless communication device. 7. The digital surveillance system of claim 1, wherein the camera mount comprises a free-standing pole mounted to the ground or to another structure. 8. The digital surveillance system of claim 7, wherein said free-standing pole includes a photovoltaic fabric and wherein the free-standing pole has a solar panel thereon. 9. The digital surveillance system of claim 1, further comprising an oscillating element having the appearance of a panning/tilting camera. 10. The digital surveillance system of claim 2, wherein the wide view is created by digitally stitching together multiple narrow views. 11. The digital surveillance system of claim 2, wherein the wide view and/or the narrow views can be digitally zoomed and panned. 12. The digital surveillance system of claim 1, further comprising a video enhancer for enhancing the resolution, contrast, or low-light sensitivity of the video. 13. The digital surveillance system of claim 12, wherein the video enhancer is interposed between the camera and the wireless communication device. 14. The digital surveillance system of claim 1, wherein the low bandwidth wireless network is a cellular wireless network. 15. The digital surveillance system of claim 1, wherein the wireless communication device comprises a wireless modem housed within the camera mount. 16. The digital surveillance system of claim 1, wherein the wireless communication device comprises a Bluetooth communication device housed within the camera mount. 17. The digital surveillance system of claim 1, wherein the wireless communication device comprises a Wi-Fi transmitter housed within the camera mount. 18. The digital surveillance system of claim 1, wherein the camera assembly comprises at least three cameras peering in different directions. 19. The digital surveillance system of claim 1, wherein the camera assembly comprises at least five cameras peering in different directions. 20. The digital surveillance system of claim 1, wherein the camera assembly comprises a single camera peering in a fixed direction and being controlled to zoom in and out on demand. 21. The digital surveillance system of claim 1, wherein the camera mount comprises a portable or temporary structure. 22. The digital surveillance system of claim 1, wherein the server is an internet-based server and the user accesses the server via the internet. 23. The digital surveillance system of claim 1, wherein the video processor monitors available bandwidth over the low-bandwidth wireless network and adjusts the bandwidth of the low-bandwidth video signal so as to not exceed the available bandwidth over the low-bandwidth wireless network. 24. The digital surveillance system of claim 1, further comprising a video analytics module adjacent the camera assembly for monitoring the output for certain activities and sending an alarm signal in response to detecting the activity or activities. 25. The digital surveillance system of claim 1, further comprising a video analytics module at the server for monitoring the output for certain activities and sending an alarm signal to one or more users/locations in response to detecting the activity or activities. 26. A digital surveillance system for remote locations without ready access to electric power, the system comprising: a fixed camera mount; a camera assembly including plurality of fixed digital cameras fixedly mounted to the fixed camera mount, with individual ones of the fixed digital cameras pointing in different directions from one another; a video processor for collecting the outputs of the plurality of fixed digital cameras, for integrating the outputs of the plurality of fixed digital cameras into an integrated, compressed video signal having a wide view and multiple narrow views, and for outputting the integrated video signal, the video processor being operable for compressing the video signal to such an extent that the integrated, compressed video signal can be transmitted wirelessly over low-bandwidth wireless networks; a wireless communication device for communicating the integrated, compressed video signal wirelessly over a low-bandwidth wireless network and for relaying the same on to an internet server for access and viewing by a user over the internet; and a solar power panel supported upon the fixed camera mount for supplying electric power. 27. The digital video surveillance system of claim 26, wherein said solar panel comprises photovoltaic fabric. 28. The digital video surveillance system of claim 26, further comprising a battery operably coupled to the solar power panel. 29. The digital surveillance system of claim 28, wherein said battery is charged by photovoltaic cells. 30. The digital surveillance system of claim 26, wherein said fixed camera mount comprises a free-standing pole mounted to the ground or to another structure. 31. The digital surveillance system of claim 30, wherein said free-standing pole includes a photovoltaic fabric and wherein the free-standing pole has a solar panel thereon. 32. The digital surveillance system of claim 31, further comprising an oscillating element having the appearance of a panning/tilting camera. 33. The digital surveillance system of claim 26, wherein the wide view is created by digitally stitching together multiple narrow views. 34. The digital surveillance system of claim 26, wherein the wide view and/or the narrow views can be digitally zoomed and panned. 35. The digital surveillance system of claim 26, further comprising a video enhancer interposed between the camera system and the wireless communication device. 36. The digital surveillance system of claim 26, wherein the wireless communication device comprises a Bluetooth communication device housed within the fixed camera mount. 37. The digital surveillance system of claim 26, wherein the wireless communication device comprises a Wi-Fi transmitter housed within the fixed camera mount. 38. The digital surveillance system of claim 26, wherein said camera assembly comprises a camera housing and multiple cameras peering in different directions. 39. A digital surveillance system for temporary or portable deployment, the system comprising: a fixed camera mount comprising an enclosure; a camera assembly including plurality of fixed digital cameras fixedly mounted to the fixed camera mount, with individual ones of the fixed digital cameras pointing in different directions from one another; a video processor for collecting the outputs of the plurality of fixed digital cameras, for integrating the outputs of the plurality of fixed digital cameras into an integrated, compressed video signal having a wide view and multiple narrow views, and for outputting the integrated video signal, the video processor being operable for compressing the video signal to such an extent that the integrated, compressed video signal can be transmitted wirelessly over wireless networks; a wireless communication device for communicating the integrated, compressed video signal wirelessly; and a battery for supplying electric power to the camera assembly, the video processor, and the wireless communication device; whereupon the surveillance system can be temporarily or portably deployed to locations not having electric service handy, can be positioned as desired, and operated to send surveillance video signals wirelessly to a remote user monitoring the area under surveillance. 