Devices and methods for detecting traffic objects. A detector configured to capture radiated energy and to generate data associated with the radiated energy, wherein the radiated energy is radiated from traffic objects. A communicator configured to transmit the data associated with the radiated energy. A power source configured to provide power to the detector and the communicator.
Claims 1. A device for detecting traffic objects, said device comprising: a detector configured to capture radiated energy and to generate data associated with said radiated energy, wherein said radiated energy is radiated from traffic objects; a communicator configured to transmit said data associated with said radiated energy; and a power source configured to provide power to said detector and said communicator. 2. The device of claim 1 wherein said detector is further configured to capture infrared energy radiated from said traffic object. 3. The device of claim 1 wherein said detector further comprises a two dimensional passive array to capture said radiated energy. 4. The device of claim 1 wherein said detector comprises a passive detector for detecting radiated energy. 5. The device of claim 1 wherein said communicator is a modem that sends and receives data over a network. 6. The device of claim 1 wherein said power source is self contained. 7. The device of claim 1 wherein said power source utilizes solar energy. 8. The device of claim 1 wherein said traffic objects are vehicles traveling on a surface. 9. The device of claim 1 wherein said radiated energy and said data associated with said radiated energy may differ for traffic objects of varying size. 10. The device of claim 1 wherein said data associated with said radiated energy contains information related to a speed of said traffic object. 11. The device of claim 1 wherein said data associated with said radiated energy contains information related to lane occupancy by said traffic objects on a roadway. 12. The device of claim 11 wherein said radiated energy is generated by said traffic objects disposed in multiple lanes of said roadway. 13. The device of claim 1 wherein said radiated energy is generated by said traffic objects traveling in more than one direction. 14. The device of claim 1 wherein said traffic objects are people. 15. The device of claim 1 wherein said traffic objects is a roadway and said data associated with said radiated energy contains information related to said road a temperature of said roadway. 16. The device of claim 1 wherein said detector is further configured to over-sample said data associated with said traffic objects. 17. The device of claim 1, further comprising: an image receiving device for capturing images of said traffic objects; wherein said communicator is further configured to transmit said images of said traffic objects. 18. The device of claim 1, further comprising: a mounting apparatus configured for mounting said detector, said communicator and said power source to an existing structure. 19. A method for detecting traffic, said method comprising: capturing radiated energy at a detection device, wherein said radiated energy is radiated from traffic objects; generating data associated with said radiated energy; and transmitting said data associated with said radiated energy using a communication device. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising: generating electricity using a solar source for powering at least one of said detection device and said communication device. 21. The method of claim 19, further comprising: capturing an image at an image receiving device of said traffic objects; and transmitting said image using said communication device. 22. The method of claim 19 wherein said capturing said radiated energy further comprises capturing infrared radiation. 23. The method of claim 19 wherein said capturing said radiated energy further comprises capturing infrared radiation at a two dimensional passive array associated with detection device. 24. The method of claim 19 wherein said capturing said radiated energy further comprises capturing radiation generated from a vehicle traveling on a surface. 25. The method of claim 19 wherein said capturing said radiated energy further comprises capturing radiation generated from a person. 26. The method of claim 19 wherein said capturing said radiated energy further comprises capturing radiation generated from a surface. 27. The method of claim 19 wherein said generating said data associated with said radiated energy further comprises generating data related to a number of said traffic objects traveling on a surface during a time period. 28. The method of claim 19 wherein said generating said data associated with said radiated energy further comprises generating data related to a speed of at least one of said traffic objects. 29. The method of claim 19 wherein said generating said data associated with said radiated energy further comprises generating a first type of data related a traffic object of a first size and a second type of data related a traffic object of a second size. 30. The method of claim 19 wherein said generating said data associated with said radiated energy further comprises generating data related to a temperature of a surface. 31. The method of claim 19 wherein said generating said data associated with said radiated energy further comprises generating data related to lane occupancy of said traffic objects on a roadway. 32. The method of claim 19 wherein said communication device is a modem and said transmitting said data associated with said radiated energy further comprises transmitting said data using said modem over a network. 33. A device for detecting traffic objects, said device comprising: a traffic detector configured to detect said traffic objects and generate traffic data related to said traffic objects; an image receiving device configured to capture an image of said traffic objects; a communication device configured to transmit traffic data and said image; and a power source configured to power said traffic detector, said image receiving device and said communication device. 34. The device of claim 33 wherein said traffic detector is a passive infrared traffic detector configured to detect infrared energy radiated by said traffic objects. 35. The device of claim 33 wherein said traffic detector is configured to use Doppler radar to detect said traffic objects. 36. The device of claim 33 wherein said power source utilizes solar energy. 37. The device of claim 33 wherein said communication device is a modem for sending and receiving data over a network. 38. The device of claim 33 wherein said image receiving device is a digital camera. 39. The device of claim 33 wherein said image receiving device is further configured to capture said image upon receiving a command from a user. 40. The device of claim 33 wherein said image receiving device automatically captures said image based on said traffic data. 41. The device of claim 33 wherein said image receiving device is further configured to adjust a zoom of a lens associated with said image receiving device. 42. The device of claim 33 wherein said image receiving device is further configured to adjust a position of a lens. 43. A method for detecting traffic, said method comprising: detecting traffic objects at a detection device; generating traffic data associated with said detecting said traffic objects; capturing an image of said traffic objects at an image receiving device; and transmitting said traffic data and said image using a communication device. 44. The method of claim 43 wherein said detecting said traffic objects further comprises passively capturing radiated energy at said detection device, wherein said radiated energy is radiated from said traffic objects. 45. The method of claim 43 wherein said detecting said traffic objects further comprises employing Doppler radar. 46. The method of claim 43 wherein said capturing said image takes place upon a request from a user. 47. The method of claim 43 wherein said capturing said image takes automatically based on said traffic data. 