The disclosed inventions comprise a device that may be mechanically and electrically associated with a typical lighting fixture found in a building or home, has low power consumption, provide a typical lighting when such lighting fixture is providing power to the device and comprises a battery backup to provide an emergency lighting feature when the power is out. The device may further be removed from the lighting fixture and used as a typical flashlight. The device may further be electrically and remotely associated with devices such as cell phones and systems such as alarm systems to provide emergency services.
Claims 1. A smart lighting element comprising a backup power system, said smart lighting element comprising: a housing defining a power input and a lighting output, said housing further configured for housing smart light circuitry and wherein the power input is configured for being electrically and mechanically associated with a lighting fixture thereby defining a main power; a power converting element configured for converting the main power to a secondary power; a backup power source configured for supplying backup power and further electrically associated with said power converting element wherein said backup power source is further configured to be charged by said secondary power; a processing device electrically associated with said power converting element and said backup power source wherein said processing device is configured to be powered by at least one of said secondary power and said backup power; a control switch electrically associated with said processing device, said control switch comprising at least one input electrically associated with at least one of said power converting element and said backup power source and wherein said control switch is further configured to selectively provide at least one control switch power output defined by at least one of said secondary power and said backup power; a light source electrically associated with said control switch power output and configured to provide a lighting function at said lighting output when receiving power from said control switch; a receiver electrically associated with an antenna and said processing device wherein said processing device is configured to use said receiver to detect light-command-signals transmitted by a remote device; and wherein said processing device is configured to control the state of said control switch based on said received light-command-signals. 2. A smart lighting element comprising a backup power system as in claim 1, wherein said power input defines a screw in base compatible with domestic lighting fixtures. 3. A smart lighting element comprising a backup power system as in claim 1, further comprising a filter defining a filter input and a filter output wherein the filter input is electrically associated with said main power and the filter output is electrically associated with said processing device and wherein said filter is configured for blocking alternating current and at least one of passing a direct current or supplying a DC voltage. 4. A smart lighting element comprising a backup power system as in claim 3, wherein said processing device is configured to enter main power failure mode when at least one of a DC current or a DC voltage is detected at said filter output. 5. A smart lighting element comprising a backup power system as in claim 1, wherein said smart lighting element may be removed from said lighting fixture to provide a flashlight function. 6. A smart lighting element comprising a backup power system as in claim 5, wherein said control switch comprises a mechanical switching device that may be used to activate and deactivate said light source. 7. A smart lighting element comprising a backup power system as in claim 1, further comprising a transmitter electrically associated with said processing device, said processing device configured to use a transmitter to electrically couple with at least one of a remote device and a remote system. 8. A smart lighting element comprising a backup power system as in claim 7, wherein said remote device is a communication device carried by the user. 9. A smart lighting element comprising a backup power system as in claim 7, wherein said remote device is a cellular telephone. 10. A smart lighting element comprising a backup power system as in claim 7, wherein said remote system is an alarm system. 11. A smart lighting element comprising a backup power system as in claim 8, further comprising at least one sensor electrically associated with said processing device where said at least one sensor is at least one of a smoke sensor, a CO2 sensor, a motion sensor, a light sensor, a photovoltaic device based sensor, a GPS sensor, and a power failed sensor. 12. A smart lighting element comprising a backup power system as in claim 11, wherein said smart lighting element further comprises and alert signal button configured to generate an alert signal when activated. 13. A smart lighting element comprising a backup power system as in claim 12, wherein said alert signal is an emergency signal and wherein said processing device is configured to perform and at least one of (a) generate and transmit an alarm signal, (b) generate and transmit an alarm signal that instructs said communication device to generate an emergency signal. 14. A smart child safety device configuring for monitoring a person associated with a child safety device, said smart child safety device comprising: a smart child safety device module that is one of associated with and integral to a child safety device where said smart child safety device module comprising a processing device electrically associated with a power source and at least one sensor; wherein said at least one sensor comprising at least one of: (a) carbon monoxide sensor, (b) smoke sensor, (c) temperature sensor (inside and/or outside), (d) outside wind speed sensor, (e) light sensor, (f) sound sensor, (g) door open/closed sensor, (h) window down/up sensor, (j) lights on/off sensor, (k) power supply status sensor, and (L) movement sensor; wherein said smart child safety device module is further configured to communicate with a remote device through one of a wired and a wireless communication connection and report the status of at least one of (a) a person associated with the smart child safety device, and (b) the smart child safety device environment parameters. 15. A smart child safety device as in claim 14, where said smart child safety device is a child safety seat. 16. A smart child safety device as in claim 15, wherein said remote device is a vehicle control system. 