A network of lighting elements controlled by a control system, in which the control system receives and analyzes operating conditions from the lighting elements in the network, from which it can determine whether any lighting elements are operating at unacceptable levels. The analysis is carried out by averaging the values received from the lighting elements to determine a baseline value and determining whether any deviate from the baseline value by more than a pre-determined amount. Alternatively, the analysis may be done by finding the distribution of the values and mode value, and determining whether any individual values are outside an acceptable distribution.
Claims 1. A lighting network comprising: a plurality of lights, each of said lights having means to communicate status information relating to said light to a control system, said status information comprising at least one value for an operational parameter of said light; said control system comprising processing means for: receiving said status information; performing a statistical analysis on said values to determine a baseline value; and comparing each of said values to said baseline value and determining whether the value corresponding to each of said lights deviates from said baseline value by a predetermined amount. 2. The network of claim 1 wherein said baseline value is an average of said values. 3. The network of claim 1 wherein said baseline value is a mode of said values. 4. The network of claim 3 wherein said predetermined amount is a predetermined number of standard deviations from said baseline value. 5. The network of claim 1 wherein said operational parameters are selected from the group of operational parameters comprising: stored power levels, active flash patterns, received sunlight levels, light activation time, light deactivation time, solar panel voltage, solar panel current, battery voltage, battery current, and light source voltage and light source power. 6. The network of claim 1 wherein said operational parameters are selected from the group of operational parameters comprising temperature, humidity, pressure, motion and sound levels. 7. The network of claim 1 wherein said status information further comprises location information to locate a specific light communicating said information. 8. The network of claim 1 wherein said status information comprises an emergency signal. 9. The network of claim 1 further comprising means for communicating to an operator a deviation of a value from said baseline value. 10. The network of claim 9 wherein said means for communicating to an operator comprises a recorded log of a deviation from said baseline value. 11. The network of claim 1 wherein said control system further comprises means to signal to an operator when the values received from said lights do not deviate from said baseline value by said predetermined amount. 12. The network of claim 1 wherein said control system further comprises means for communicating to an operator a failure of at least one lighting element to provide said status information. 13. The network of claim 1 wherein one of said plurality of lights comprises said control system. 14. The network of claim 1 wherein each of said lights further comprises said processing means. 15. The network of claim 1 wherein at least one of said lights acts as a gateway between said control system and a subgroup of said lights. 16. A method of monitoring a lighting network comprising the steps of. receiving status information from each of a plurality of lights, said status information comprising at least one value for an operational parameter of said light; performing a statistical analysis on said values to determine a baseline value; comparing said status information to said baseline value; and determining whether the value corresponding to each of said lights deviates from said baseline value by a predetermined amount. 17. The method of claim 16 further comprising the step of communicating to an operator a deviation of a value from said baseline value. 18. The method of claim 16 wherein said baseline value is an average of said status information. 19. The method of claim 16 wherein said baseline value is a mode of said status information. 20. The method of claim 16 wherein said predetermined amount is a predetermined number of standard deviations from said baseline value. 21. The method of claim 16 further comprising the step of providing a clear signal to an operator when no light has provided status information that deviates from said baseline value by said predetermined amount. 22. The method of claim 16 wherein said status information further comprises location information to locate a specific light communicating said information. 23. The method of claim 17 wherein said means for communicating to an operator comprises a recorded log of a deviation from said baseline value. 24. The method of claim 16 wherein said status information comprises an emergency signal. 25. The method of claim 16 wherein said control system further comprises means for communicating to an operator a failure of at least one lighting element to provide said status information. 