An integrated solar and wind energy conversion system that is carried aloft by an aerostat/balloon, which is filled with lighter-than-air gas or hot air comprises solar panel array and wind turbine array to convert solar radiation and wind power into usable and renewable energy for on and/or off-grid application or storage. The solar panel array includes at least one of the flexible solar panel and spray on solar composite or combinations thereof. The present invention requires minimal land mass, can be deployed in remote areas, it can be deployed as permanent, semi-permanent, or temporary configurations. The present invention uses computers to automate many of the systems function for maximum energy harvesting. The present invention can be used both day and night.
Claims 1. A lighter than air wind and solar energy conversion system comprising: a. an aerostat/balloon filled with a lighter-than-air gas, internally coated with a leakage proof material, and externally covered with a layer of solar panel array, the aerostat/balloon contains a pressure sensor/probe inside; b. a wind turbine array; c. a connection hub installed at the base of the aerostat/balloon to provide a housing for all electrical connections, data cable connections, pass-through for gas refill tube; d. a pulley system located on the ground; e. a tethering system attached at the top to the hub and to the pulley system; f. a charge controller/voltage regulator prevents over voltage. g. an inverter to convert dc power to ac power; h. a plurality of electrical wiring to carry power from the solar panel array and the wind turbine array to the power inverter; and i. a computer and related software program that automates the system 2. The energy conversion system of claim 1, wherein the solar panel array including at least one net type array of flexible solar panels and a spray on solar collecting composite. 3. The energy conversion system of claim 1, wherein the aerostat/balloon further has an insulation layer between the solar panel array layer and the external surface of the aerostat/balloon for absorbing heat created by the process of energy conversion by the solar panels. 4. The energy conversion system of claim 1, wherein the wind turbines are attached to one or more of the tethers in a vertical configuration. 5. The energy conversion system of claim 1, wherein the wind turbines are mounted on the hub in a cardinal configuration. 6. The energy conversion system of claim 1 further comprises a winch system attached to the pulley system to raise and lower the energy conversion system. 7. The energy conversion system of claim 1 further comprises a battery bank to store energy; 8. The energy conversion system of claim 1 wherein the computer and related software interprets meteorological data to initiate an automated process that raises or lowers the system to ideal height of wind velocity and/or solar exposure. 9. The energy conversion system of claim 1 wherein the computer and related software monitor and regulate the amount of lift gas within the aerostat/balloon and initiate an automated process to provide more or less lift gas to raise or lower the system to suit maximum efficiency exposure. 10. The energy conversion system of claim 1 further comprises a containing device such as a box or other type of container providing for the self-containment, portability, shipping, rapid deployment of the system. 11. The energy conversion system of claim 1 wherein the data cable(s) provide data between computer and pressure sensor, solar panel array, wind turbine array. 12. The energy conversion system of claim 1 wherein the gas refill tube(s) transports the lighter than air gas to aerostat/balloon. 13. The energy conversion system of claim 11 wherein the lighter than air gas can be helium, hydrogen, hot air, a combination of, or any future lighter than air gas that may be synthetically produced. 14. A lighter than air wind and solar energy conversion system comprising: a. an aerostat/balloon filled with a lighter-than-air gas, internally coated with a leakage proof material, and externally covered with a layer of solar panel array including at least one net type array of flexible solar panels and a spray on solar collecting composite, the aerostat/balloon contains a pressure sensor/probe inside; b. a wind turbine array; c. a connection hub installed at the base of the aerostat/balloon to provide a housing for all electrical connections, data cable connections, pass-through for gas refill tube; d. a pulley system and a winch system located on the ground; e. a tethering system attached at the top to the hub and to the pulley system; f. a charge controller/voltage regulator prevents over voltage. g. an inverter to convert dc power to ac power; h. a battery bank to store energy; i. a plurality of electrical wiring to carry power from the solar panel array and the wind turbine array to the power inverter and/or the battery bank; j. a computer and related software program that automates the system, the computer and related software interprets meteorological data to initiate an automated process that raises or lowers the system to ideal height of wind velocity and/or solar exposure; k. a containing device such as a box or other type of container providing for the self-containment, portability, shipping, rapid deployment of the system; and l. wherein the wind turbines are attached to one or more of the tethers in a vertical configuration and/or mounted on the hub in a cardinal configuration; the lighter than air gas include at least one of the gas, helium, hydrogen, air, or the combinations thereof. 15. The energy conversion system of claim 14, wherein the aerostat/balloon further has an insulation layer between the solar panel array layer and the external surface of the aerostat/balloon for absorbing the heat created by the process of energy conversion by the solar panels. 