A roof mounting system can include a roof substrate and flashing supportable on the substrate and including an outwardly extending projection having a concave interior side and an aperture extending through the projection between top and bottom surfaces of the flashing. A seal can extend through the aperture and contact at least a portion of the top surface and at least a portion of the bottom surface. The seal can be conformable with the concave interior side and can define a seal aperture substantially aligned with the flashing aperture. A mounting bracket can be supportable on the flashing and can define an aperture sized to receive at least a portion of each of the seal and the projection. A fastener can extend through the mounting bracket aperture, seal aperture, and flashing aperture to inhibit fluid flow through the flashing aperture.
Claims 1. A roof mount assembly for mounting a solar panel above a roof surface, the roof mount assembly comprising: a roof substrate; a flashing positionable on the roof substrate, the flashing having an aperture; a fastener extending through the flashing aperture into the roof substrate; a bracket including a first portion having a first aperture and a second portion having a second aperture, the first aperture sized to receive the fastener therethrough such that the fastener is operable to retain the bracket above the roof substrate, the second aperture is operable to support the solar panel above the roof surface; a washer positioned on the bracket between the fastener and the bracket; a seal secured to and extending radially outwardly from the fastener radially beyond an outer perimeter of the aperture defined in the flashing, the seal holding the flashing in compression against the roof substrate to inhibit fluid entry between the seal and the flashing adjacent the fastener. 2. The roof mount assembly of claim 1, wherein the flashing is metallic and defines a frustoconical protrusion proximate the flashing aperture. 3. The roof mount assembly of claim 1, wherein the bracket is spaced a distance above the flashing. 4. The roof mount assembly of claim 1, wherein the seal includes an elastomeric material positioned between the flashing aperture and the fastener. 5. A method of mounting a roof mount assembly and a solar panel to a roof, the method comprising: positioning a flashing on the roof; inserting a fastener through a flashing aperture and into the roof; positioning a bracket above the flashing and the roof; inserting the fastener through a bracket aperture; compressing the flashing against the roof; forming a seal between the fastener and at least one of the flashing and the bracket; inhibiting fluid flow through the flashing aperture; further inhibiting fluid flow into the roof around the fastener; supporting the bracket above the roof; mounting the solar panel to the bracket; and supporting the solar panel above the roof surface with the bracket and the fastener. 6. The method of claim 5, further comprising inhibiting fluid flow through the bracket aperture. 7. The method of claim 5, further comprising overlapping the flashing aperture with a washer. 8. The method of claim 5, further comprising spacing the bracket a distance above the flashing and the roof. 9. A roof mount assembly for mounting a solar panel above a roof surface, the roof mount assembly comprising: a roof substrate; an elastomeric membrane positionable on the roof substrate; a fastener sized to extend through the elastomeric membrane, such that a first portion of the fastener extends into the roof substrate and a second portion of the fastener extends upward away from the roof substrate, wherein the elastomeric membrane substantially seals the opening in the roof substrate caused by the fastener; a bracket having an aperture through which the second portion of the fastener extends, wherein the fastener supports the bracket above the roof substrate by the fastener, wherein the bracket is positioned a distance above the roof substrate and the elastomeric membrane; and a solar panel coupled to the bracket and supported above the roof substrate by the bracket. 10. The roof mount assembly of claim 9, further comprising a member positioned on one of the roof substrate and the elastomeric membrane and having a first surface area facing the roof, wherein the opening in the roof substrate caused by the fastener has a second surface area, and wherein the second surface area is greater than the first surface area, such that the member at least partially seals the opening in the roof substrate caused by the fastener. 11. The roof mount assembly of claim 9, wherein the bracket aperture is substantially frustoconical and the elastomeric membrane is deformable to conform to at least a portion of the substantially frustoconical bracket aperture. 12. A roof mount assembly for mounting a solar panel above a roof surface, the roof mount assembly comprising: a roof substrate; an elastomeric flashing positionable on the roof substrate; a fastener having a first end and a second end, the fastener first end is insertable through the elastomeric flashing and into the roof substrate, the second end is operable to extend out of the roof substrate, the elastomeric flashing operable to seal an opening in the roof substrate adjacent the fastener; a bracket supportable above the roof, the bracket having a first portion defining a first aperture sized to receive on the second end of the fastener, and a second portion defining a second aperture operable to support the solar panel; and a metallic ring substantially encircling the fastener, the metallic ring positionable on the elastomeric flashing and operable to cooperate with the elastomeric flashing to seal the opening in the roof substrate adjacent the fastener. 13. The roof mount assembly of claim 12, wherein the second aperture is an elongate slot, wherein the elongate slot permits mounting of the solar panel at a height within a range of heights with respect to the roof surface. 14. The roof mount assembly of claim 12, wherein the bracket is substantially L-shaped, and wherein the first portion of the bracket is substantially perpendicular to the second portion of the bracket. 15. The roof mount assembly of claim 12, wherein the metallic ring has a first diameter and the opening in the roof substrate adjacent the fastener has a second diameter, and wherein the first diameter is greater than the second diameter, such that the metallic ring covers the opening in the roof substrate adjacent the fastener. 16. A roof mount assembly for mounting a solar panel above a roof surface, the roof mount assembly comprising: a roof substrate; a flashing positionable on the roof substrate, the flashing defining an aperture; a fastener extending through the flashing aperture and into an opening in the roof substrate; a bracket having an aperture, the aperture sized to receive the fastener therethrough, the bracket coupled to the roof substrate and spaced a distance above the flashing; a first washer between the flashing and the fastener, the first washer operable to inhibit flow of water through the flashing aperture, wherein the first washer defines a first diameter and the opening in the roof defines a second diameter, and wherein the first diameter is greater than the second diameter; and a second washer positioned between the fastener and the bracket, the second washer operable to fixedly couple the fastener and the bracket. 17. The roof mount assembly of claim 16, wherein the first washer is elastomeric and the flashing is metallic. 18. The roof mount assembly of claim 16, wherein the bracket aperture has a substantially frustoconical shape. 