A fission structure type junction box for a solar cell module (6) and the solar cell module (6) including the fission structure type junction box. The fission structure type junction box is provided with a main junction box (1) and a slave junction box (2). A conductor is set in the slave junction box (2) and connected with a bus bar of the solar cell module (6). A bypass diode (12) and a conducting piece (13) are positioned in the main junction box (1). The conducting piece (13) in the main junction box (1) is electrically connected with the conductor in the slave junction box (2). Therefore a fault of a circuit in the junction box does not influence the cell module and the fault circuit is easy to maintain.
Claims 1. A junction box for a solar cell module, comprising a conducting piece and a bypass diode provided on the conducting piece, characterized in that: the junction box includes a main junction box and a slave junction box; a conductor is set in the slave junction box and connected with a bus bar of the solar cell module; the bypass diode and the conducting piece are positioned in the main junction box; and the conducting piece in the main junction box is electrically connected with the conductor in the slave junction box. 2. The junction box for a solar cell module according to claim 1, characterized in that the slave junction box is mounted to a back surface of the solar cell module and the main junction box is mounted to a frame or a module mounting support of the solar cell module. 3. The junction box for a solar cell module according to claim 1, characterized in that the slave junction box is mounted to a back surface of the solar cell module and the main junction box is in the form of externally-connected integrated module being electrically connected with the slave junction box. 4. The junction box for a solar cell module according to claim 1, characterized in that the slave junction box is mounted to a back surface of the solar cell module and the main junction box is mounted to a reinforcing plate of the solar cell module. 5. The junction box for a solar cell module according to claim 4, characterized in that the reinforcing plate has a convex portion thereon, and the main junction box is mounted within the convex portion. 6. The junction box for a solar cell module according to claim 1, characterized in that the conducting piece in the main junction box is electrically connected with the conductor in the slave junction box by plugging or wiring. 7. The junction box for a solar cell module according to claim 1, characterized in that the main junction box is provided with an output end that is electrically connected with the conducting piece in the main junction box for outputting the a current in the solar cell module. 8. The junction box for a solar cell module according to claim 1, characterized in that the a bus bar is connected to the conductor by welding, riveting, elastic crimping or screw crimping. 9. The junction box for a solar cell module according to claim 1, characterized in that both the slave junction box and the main junction box are sealed in structure. 10. The junction box for a solar cell module according to claim 9, characterized in that the sealing of the slave junction box and the sealing of the main junctions are achieved by glue-filling, plastic-enclosing or sealing of main body. The 11. The junction box of claim 1 further comprising the solar cell module. 