A rechargeable battery operated solar pump kit is provided to arrange in relation to a rain barrel, comprising comprises a solar panel, an inline submersible pump and a control box. The solar panel responds to solar energy, and provides solar power via an electrical terminal. The inline submersible pump is shaped to pass through an opening of the rain barrel, has a hose to extend out of the opening to discharge the rainwater from the rain barrel, and has a power cord to received electrical power to operate the inline submersible pump. The control box has a housing to contain a pipe fitting, a rechargeable battery, an electrical fitting and an on/off switch. The pipe fitting couples to the hose of the inline submersible pump in order to receive the rainwater being pumped from the rain barrel, and also couples to a garden hose to provide the rainwater being pumped. The rechargeable battery is coupled to the power cord of the inline submersible pump to provide the electrical power. The electrical fitting couples the rechargeable battery to the electrical terminal of the solar panel and receive the solar power in order to recharge the rechargeable battery. The on/off switch couples the rechargeable battery and the power cord of the inline submersible pump to turn the inline submersible pump on/off in order to pump the rainwater.
Claims 1. A solar pump kit, comprising: a solar panel configured to respond to solar energy, and to provide solar power via an electrical terminal; an inline submersible pump configured with a shape to pass through a top opening of a rain barrel or container so as to be arranged inside the rain barrel or container, configured with a fluid output port to couple the inline submersible pump to a hose, the hose configured with a length that is long enough to extend out of the top opening to discharge the rainwater from the rain barrel or container when the inline submersible pump is arranged in the rain barrel, and configured with a power cord to received electrical power; and a control box configured with a housing to contain the following components: i) a pipe fitting having one end to couple to the hose of the inline submersible pump in order to receive the rainwater being pumped from the rain barrel, the pipe fitting also having another end with a hose pipe fitting to couple to a hose to provide the rainwater being pumped; ii) a rechargeable battery coupled to the power cord of the inline submersible pump in order to provide the electrical power to the inline submersible pump in order to pump the fluid; iii) an electrical fitting configured to couple the rechargeable battery to the electrical terminal of the solar panel and receive the solar power in order to recharge the rechargeable battery; and iv) an on/off switch configured to couple the rechargeable battery and the power cord of the inline submersible pump, to response to an on/off user input and to turn the inline submersible pump on/off in order to pump the fluid, such that the solar pump kit is configured to enable rainwater to be pumped out of the rain barrel in locations that have no access to electrical AC power. 2. A solar pump kit according to claim 1, wherein the housing has a bottom surface having an opening configured to receive the one end of the pipe fitting configured to couple to the hose of the inline submersible pump. 3. A solar pump kit according to claim 1, wherein the housing has a side surface having an opening configured to receive the other end of the pipe fitting configured to couple to a garden hose. 4. A solar pump kit according to claim 1, wherein the housing has a bottom surface with an opening configured to receive a grommet coupled to the electrical wire of the inline submersible pump so as to pass the electrical wire through and engage the bottom surface. 5. A solar pump kit according to claim 1, wherein the housing has a side having a side opening configured to receive the electrical fitting that couples the rechargeable battery to the electrical terminal of the solar panel. 6. A solar pump kit according to claim 1, wherein the housing has a bottom surface having mounting supports configured to arrange the box control box on the top surface of the rain barrel or container in relation to the top opening of the rain barrel or container in order to pass the inline submersible pump, the hose and the power cord through the top opening and into the rain barrel or container, and configured to frictionally engage the top surface of the rain barrel so as to maintain the position of the control box in relation to the top opening. 7. A solar pump kit according to claim 1, wherein the solar panel is a 12 volt solar panel. 8. A solar pump kit according to claim 1, wherein the inline submersible pump comprises a brushed motor that may be used 350 or more times. 9. A solar pump kit according to claim 1, wherein further comprising: an instruction sheet for providing instructions for assembling the components of the system together, including the solar panel and the electrical fitting of the control box using the wire, the hose between the inline submersible pump and the one end of the pipe fitting, the garden hose and the other end of the pipe fitting, and the arrangement of the solar panel in relation to the rain barrel or container, especially to best receive the necessary sunlight to charge and recharge the rechargeable battery. 