A method for converting heat to electric energy is described which involves thermally cycling an electrically polarizable material sandwiched between electrodes. The material is heated using thermal energy obtained from: a combustion reaction; solar energy; a nuclear reaction; ocean water; geothermal energy; or thermal energy recovered from an industrial process. An apparatus is also described which includes an electrically polarizable material sandwiched between electrodes and a heat exchanger for heating the material. The heat source used to heat the material can be: a combustion apparatus; a solar thermal collector; or a component of a furnace exhaust device. Alternatively, the heat exchanger can be a device for extracting thermal energy from the earth, the sun, ocean water, an industrial process, a combustion reaction or a nuclear reaction. A vehicle is also described which comprises an apparatus for converting heat to electrical energy connected to an electric motor.
Claims 1. A method for converting heat to electric energy, comprising: thermally cycling an electrically polarizable material between a first temperature T.sub.1 and a second temperature T.sub.2 by alternately adding thermal energy to and withdrawing thermal energy from the electrically polarizable material, wherein the electrically polarizable material is positioned between first and second electrodes each formed of a thermally and electrically conductive material, wherein the electrically polarizable material exhibits spontaneous polarization at T.sub.1 and wherein the spontaneous polarization exhibited by the electrically polarizable material at T.sub.2 is less than the spontaneous polarization exhibited by the electrically polarizable material at T.sub.1; wherein a DC poling voltage is applied to the electrically polarizable material such that, when the electrically polarizable material is in a first portion of the cycle which includes the temperature T.sub.1, the electrically polarizable material develops an overall net spontaneous polarization and screening charges are generated on the first and second electrodes; wherein the first and second electrodes are connected to a load such that electrical energy is output from the first and second electrodes to the load when the electrically polarizable material is in a second portion of the cycle which includes the temperature T.sub.2; and wherein adding thermally energy to the electrically polarizable material comprises: extracting thermal energy from a combustion reaction and transferring the thermal energy to the electrically polarizable material; generating thermal energy from solar energy and transferring the thermal energy to the electrically polarizable material; extracting thermal energy from a nuclear reaction and transferring the thermal energy to the electrically polarizable material; extracting thermal energy from ocean water and transferring the thermal energy to the electrically polarizable material; extracting thermal energy from the earth and transferring the thermal energy to the electrically polarizable material; or recovering thermally energy from an industrial process and transferring the thermal energy to the electrically polarizable material. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein adding thermally energy to the electrically polarizable material comprises extracting thermal energy from a combustion reaction and transferring the thermal energy to the electrically polarizable material. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the combustion reaction is a catalytic combustion reaction. 4. The method of claim 2, wherein the combustion reaction comprises the reaction of a fuel with an oxidant. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein the fuel is selected from the group consisting of: an organic compound, a hydrocarbon, hydrogen, aluminum, lithium, biomass and combinations thereof. 6. The method of claim 2, wherein thermal energy from the combustion reaction is used to generate steam and wherein thermal energy from the steam is transferred to the electrically polarizable material. 7. The method of claim 4, wherein the fuel is aluminum and wherein the oxidant is water. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein the aluminum reacts with water to produce hydrogen and Al.sub.2O.sub.3 and wherein the method further comprises: combusting the hydrogen and/or reducing the Al.sub.2O.sub.3; extracting thermal energy resulting from the combustion and/or reduction reactions; and transferring the thermal energy to the electrically polarizable material. 9. The method of claim 4, wherein the fuel is lithium and wherein the oxidant is water. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein adding thermally energy to the electrically polarizable material comprises generating thermal energy from solar energy and transferring the thermal energy to the electrically polarizable material. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein generating thermal energy from solar energy comprises: passing a heat transfer fluid through a solar collector to transfer thermal energy from the solar collector to the heat transfer fluid to form a heated fluid; and subsequently transferring thermal energy from the heated fluid to the electrically polarizable material. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising storing the heated fluid before transferring thermal energy from the heated fluid to the electrically polarizable material. 13. The method of claim 11, further comprising: passing the heated fluid through a heat exchanger to transfer thermal energy from the heated fluid to a thermal energy storage medium to heat the thermal energy storage medium; and wherein transferring thermal energy from the heated fluid to the electrically polarizable material comprises transferring thermal energy from the heated thermal energy storage medium to the electrically polarizable material. 14. The method of claim 11, further comprising storing the heated thermal energy storage medium before transferring thermal energy from the heated thermal energy storage medium to the electrically polarizable material. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein adding thermally energy to the electrically polarizable material comprises recovering thermally energy from an industrial process and transferring the thermal energy to the electrically polarizable material. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the industrial process is selected from the group consisting of: a chemical process; a papermaking process; a food production process; an oil refining process; a metals process; a machinery production process; an iron making process; a steel making process; an aluminum making process; and a cement manufacturing process. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein thermal energy from the industrial process is converted to thermal and electrical energy via a cogeneration process and wherein thermal energy from the cogeneration process is transferred to the electrically polarizable material. 18. The method of claim 1, wherein adding thermally energy to the electrically polarizable material comprises extracting thermal energy from a nuclear reaction and transferring the thermal energy to the electrically polarizable material. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the nuclear reaction is a nuclear fission reaction, a nuclear fusion reaction or radioactive decay. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein the thermal energy is extracted from a coolant used to cool a nuclear reactor. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein the coolant is passed through a heat exchanger to generate steam and wherein thermal energy is extracted from the steam. 22. The method of claim 20, wherein the coolant is selected from the group consisting of pressurized water, an organic liquid, terphenyl, a liquid metal, and liquid sodium. 23. The method of claim 19, wherein the nuclear reaction is radioactive decay. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein the nuclear reaction is the radioactive decay of an isotope selected from the group consisting of: Plutonium-238; Cerium-244; Strontium-90; Polonium-210; Promethium-147; Cesium-137; Cerium-144; Ruthenium-106; Cobalt-60 and Curium-242. 25. The method of claim 1, wherein adding thermal energy to the electrically polarizable material comprises extracting thermal energy from the earth and transferring the thermal energy to the electrically polarizable material. 26. The method of claim 1, wherein extracting thermal energy from the earth comprises passing a heat transfer fluid through a conduit buried in the ground such that heat is transferred between the heat transfer fluid and the ground. 27. The method of claim 1, wherein adding thermally energy to the electrically polarizable material comprises extracting thermal energy from ocean water at a higher temperature than the electrically polarizable material and transferring the thermal energy to the electrically polarizable material. 28. The method of claim 27, wherein withdrawing thermal energy from the electrically polarizable material comprises transferring thermal energy from the electrically polarizable material to ocean water at a lower temperature than the electrically polarizable material. 29. The method of claim 27, wherein: extracting thermal energy from ocean water to heat the electrically polarizable material comprises drawing ocean water from a first depth, extracting thermal energy from the ocean water and transferring the thermal energy to the electrically polarizable material; and transferring thermal energy from the electrically polarizable material to ocean water comprises drawing ocean water from a second depth greater than the first depth and transferring thermal energy from the electrically polarizable material to the ocean water. 30. The method of claim 1, wherein residual charges are left on the first and second electrodes after electrical energy is output to the load and wherein the residual charges provide the DC poling voltage for the next cycle. 31. The method of claim 30, wherein the residual charges left on the first and second electrodes after electrical energy is output to the load are such that the resulting polarization exceeds the polarization at the local free energy maximum that occurs when thermally cycling the electrically polarizable material from T.sub.1 to T.sub.2. 32. The method of claim 1, further comprising rectifying the electrical energy output from the first and second electrodes to the load. 33. The method of claim 1, wherein adding thermal energy to and withdrawing thermal energy from the electrically polarizable material comprises delivering a flow of fluid to the electrically polarizable material or to a material in direct or indirect contact with the electrically polarizable material such that thermal energy is exchanged between the fluid and the electrically polarizable material. 34. The method of claim 33, wherein one or more fluid passages are formed in, on or adjacent to each of the first and second electrodes and wherein the fluid is delivered into the fluid passages such that thermal energy is exchanged between the one or more fluids and the one or more layers of electrically polarizable material. 35. The method of claim 34, further comprising monitoring the temperature and/or pressure of the fluid. 36. The method of claim 1, further comprising monitoring one or more of: the temperature of the electrically polarizable material; the capacitance of the electrically polarizable material; the polarization of the electrically polarizable material; and/or the current flowing to and/or from the first and second electrodes. 37. A vehicle comprising: an apparatus for converting heat to electrical energy; and an electric motor; wherein the apparatus for converting heat to electrical energy is in electrical communication with the electric motor. 38. The vehicle of claim 37, wherein the apparatus for converting heat to electric energy, comprises: (a) a first electrode formed of a thermally and electrically conductive material; (b) a second electrode formed of a thermally and electrically conductive material, wherein the second electrode is spaced from the first electrode; (c) one or more layers of electrically polarizable material between the first and second electrodes; (d) a heat exchanger for adding thermal energy to the one or more layers of electrically polarizable material, wherein the heat exchanger is in thermal communication with a heat source; and (e) a heat exchanger for removing thermal energy from the one or more layers of electrically polarizable material, wherein the heat exchanger is in thermal communication with a heat sink. 39. The vehicle of claim 37, wherein the electric motor provides power to propel the vehicle. 40. The vehicle of claim 37, wherein the vehicle is an electric vehicle or a hybrid electric vehicle. 41. The vehicle of claim 38, wherein the heat sink is a radiator. 42. The vehicle of claim 37, further comprising a device for storing electrical energy. 43. The vehicle of claim 42, wherein the device for storing electrical energy comprises one or more capacitors and/or one or more rechargeable batteries. 44. The vehicle of claim 38, wherein the heat source is a combustion apparatus. 45. The vehicle of claim 44, wherein the combustion apparatus is an internal combustion engine or a catalytic combustor. 46. The vehicle of claim 44, wherein the combustion apparatus is a catalytic combustion apparatus comprising a catalytic element and a heat receiving member adapted to receive heat from the catalytic element, wherein the heat source is the heat receiving member. 47. The vehicle of claim 44, further comprising a fuel storage device adapted to supply fuel to the combustion apparatus. 48. The vehicle of claim 47, further comprising a fuel contained in the fuel storage device, wherein the fuel comprises aluminum or lithium metal. 49. An apparatus for converting heat to electric energy, comprising: (a) a first electrode formed of a thermally and electrically conductive material; (b) a second electrode formed of a thermally and electrically conductive material, wherein the second electrode is spaced from the first electrode; (c) one or more layers of electrically polarizable material between the first and second electrodes; (d) a first heat exchanger for adding thermal energy to the one or more layers of electrically polarizable material, wherein the heat exchanger is in thermal communication with a heat source; and (e) a second heat exchanger for removing thermal energy from the one or more layers of electrically polarizable material, wherein the heat exchanger is in thermal communication with a heat sink; wherein the heat source is: a combustion apparatus; a solar thermal collector; or a component of a furnace exhaust device; or wherein the first heat exchanger comprises: a device for extracting thermal energy from the earth; a device for extracting thermal energy from the sun; a device for extracting thermal energy from ocean water; a device for extracting thermal energy from an industrial process; a device for extracting thermal energy from a combustion reaction; or a device for extracting thermal energy from a nuclear reaction. 50. The apparatus of claim 49, further comprising: (f) a control circuit, the control circuit: thermally cycling the one or more layers of electrically polarizable material between a first temperature T.sub.1 and a second temperature T.sub.2 by alternately adding thermal energy to and withdrawing thermal energy from the one or more layers of electrically polarizable material using the first and second heat exchangers, respectively, wherein the electrically polarizable material exhibits spontaneous polarization at T.sub.1 and wherein the spontaneous polarization exhibited by the electrically polarizable material at T.sub.2 is less than the spontaneous polarization exhibited by the electrically polarizable material at T.sub.1; wherein a DC poling voltage is applied to the one or more layers of electrically polarizable material such that, when the material is in a first portion of the cycle which includes the temperature T.sub.1, the electrically polarizable material develops an overall net spontaneous polarization and screening charges are generated on the first and second electrodes; and wherein the first and second electrodes are connected to a load such that electrical energy is output from the first and second electrodes to the load when the electrically polarizable material is in a second portion of the cycle which includes the temperature T.sub.2. 51. The apparatus of claim 50, wherein residual charges are left on the first and second electrodes after electrical energy is output to the load and wherein the residual charges provide the DC poling voltage for the next cycle. 52. The apparatus of claim 51, wherein the residual charges left on the first and second electrodes after electrical energy is output to the load are such that the resulting polarization exceeds the polarization at the local free energy maximum that occurs when thermally cycling the electrically polarizable material from the temperature T.sub.1 to the temperature T.sub.2. 53. The apparatus of claim 50, wherein the control circuit further comprises a full-wave rectifier connected in a circuit with the first and second electrodes and the load. 54. The apparatus of claim 53, wherein the first and second electrodes remain connected to the load when thermally cycling after the initial cycle. 55. The apparatus of claim 50, the control circuit: connecting the first and second electrodes to the load during the second portion of each cycle; and applying the DC poling voltage to the one or more layers of electrically polarizable material during the first portion of each cycle. 56. The apparatus of claim 53, the control circuit switching the first and second electrodes between the DC poling voltage and the load during each cycle such that the first and second electrodes are connected to either the DC poling voltage or the load during each cycle. 57. The apparatus of claim 50, wherein T.sub.2 is higher than T.sub.1. 58. The apparatus of claim 50, wherein T.sub.1 is higher than T.sub.2. 59. The apparatus of claim 49, wherein each of the one or more layers of electrically polarizable material has a phase transition temperature at which the material transitions between a phase in which the material exhibits spontaneous polarization and a phase in which the material does not exhibit spontaneous polarization. 60. The apparatus of claim 59, wherein the electrically polarizable material is in the phase which exhibits spontaneous polarization at the temperature T.sub.1 and T.sub.2. 61. The apparatus of claim 59, wherein the electrically polarizable material is in the phase which exhibits spontaneous polarization at the temperature T.sub.1 and wherein the electrically polarizable material is in the phase which does not exhibit spontaneous polarization at the temperature T.sub.2. 62. The apparatus of claim 49, wherein the electrically polarizable material is an electrically polarizable amorphous polymer material. 63. The apparatus of claim 49, wherein each of the one or more layers of electrically polarizable material comprises a ferroelectric material having a Curie temperature, T.sub.c, such that when the temperature of the ferroelectric material is lower than the Curie temperature, T.sub.c, the ferroelectric material is in a ferroelectric phase and when the temperature of the ferroelectric material is greater than the Curie temperature, T.sub.c, the ferroelectric material is in a paraelectric or anti-ferroelectric phase. 64. The apparatus of claim 50, further comprising a DC voltage source, the control circuit applying a DC poling voltage from the DC voltage source to the one or more layers of electrically polarizable material during the initial cycle. 65. The apparatus of claim 51, further comprising a device for measuring the amount of residual charge remaining on the first and second electrodes, the control circuit disconnecting the first and second electrodes from the load when the residual charge reaches a predetermined level. 66. The apparatus of claim 49, wherein each of the first and second heat exchangers comprises a device for delivering a flow of fluid to the one or more layers of electrically polarizable material or to a material in direct or indirect contact with the one or more layers of electrically polarizable material such that thermal energy is exchanged between the fluid and the one or more layers of electrically polarizable material. 67. The apparatus of claim 66, wherein each of the first and second heat exchangers further comprises a temperature measuring device for monitoring the temperature of the fluid and/or a pressure measuring device for monitoring the pressure of the fluid. 68. The apparatus of claim 49, wherein one or more fluid passages are formed in, on or adjacent to each of the first and second electrodes and wherein each of the first and second heat exchangers delivers a fluid into the fluid passages such that thermal energy is exchanged between the fluid and the one or more layers of electrically polarizable material. 69. The apparatus of claim 66, wherein each of the first and second heat exchangers comprises one or more control valves for controlling the flow of the fluid. 70. The apparatus of claim 69, further comprising one or more microcontrollers, wherein each of the one or more control valves are controlled by one or more microcontrollers. 71. The apparatus of claim 49, further comprising: a temperature measuring device for monitoring the temperature of the one or more layers of electrically polarizable material; a capacitance measuring device for monitoring the capacitance of the one or more layers of electrically polarizable material; a polarization measuring device for monitoring the polarization of the one or more layers of electrically polarizable material; and/or a current measuring device for monitoring the current to and/or from the electrodes. 72. The apparatus of claim 49, comprising a plurality of layers of electrically polarizable material arranged in a stack between the first and second electrodes. 73. The apparatus of claim 50, wherein the control circuit comprises a switch having an open position and first and second closed positions, wherein the switch is connected between the first and second electrodes and wherein: when the switch is in the open position, current does not flow between the first and second electrodes; when the switch is in the first closed position, the DC voltage source is connected across the first and second electrodes; and when the switch is in the second closed position, the load is connected across the first and second electrodes. 74. The apparatus of claim 73, wherein the control circuit further comprises a first resistor and a second resistor, wherein: the first resistor is in series with the DC voltage source when the switch is in the first closed position; and wherein the first resistor and the second resistor are in series with the load when the switch is in the second closed position. 75. The apparatus of claim 73, wherein the control circuit further comprises an electrical storage device and wherein the electrical storage device is connected across the first and second electrodes when the switch is in the second closed position. 