A wireless device for monitoring protective headgear includes a short-range wireless receiver that receives alarm data from the protective headgear in response to an alarm event at the protective headgear. A user interface emits a first detectable alert signal in response to the alarm data to assist the user in the monitoring of the protective headgear.
Claims 1. A wireless device for monitoring protective headgear, the wireless device comprising: a short-range wireless receiver that receives alarm data from the protective headgear in response to an alarm event at the protective headgear; and a user interface, coupled to the short-range wireless receiver, that emits a first detectable alert signal in response to the alarm data to assist the user in the monitoring of the protective headgear. 2. The wireless device of claim 1 further comprises: a battery, coupled to provide power to the short-range wireless receiver and the user interface. 3. The wireless device of claim 2 further comprising: a charging port, coupled to the battery, for coupling a power signal from an external power source to charge the battery. 4. The wireless device of claim 1 wherein the charging port operates in accordance with a universal serial bus (USB) interface. 5. The wireless device of claim 1 wherein the short-range wireless receiver is paired to the protective headgear via a pairing procedure. 6. The wireless device of claim 1 wherein the short-range wireless receiver is paired to the protective headgear via a pairing procedure and wherein the protective headgear includes a plurality of protective headgear warn by different wearers. 7. The wireless device of claim 1 wherein the short-range wireless receiver receives alarm data from the protective headgear via a bridge device. 8. The wireless device of claim 1 further comprising a short-range wireless transmitter. 9. The wireless device of claim 8 wherein the short range wireless receiver receives a polling signal and wherein the short-range wireless transmitter transmits status data in response to the polling signal. 10. The wireless device of claim 9 further comprising a battery, coupled to provide power to the short-range wireless receiver, the short range wireless transmitter and the user interface, and wherein the status data includes a battery charge status. 11. The wireless device of claim 1 further comprising: a charging port for charging the battery by harvesting energy from an external source, and wherein the external energy source includes one of: a magnetic power source, a radio frequency power source, a mechanical power source, and a solar power source. 12. The wireless device of claim 1 wherein the short-range wireless transmitter transmits status data indicating that the wireless device is operating normally. 13. A wireless device for monitoring protective headgear, the wireless device comprising: a short-range wireless receiver that receives alarm data from the protective headgear in response to an alarm event at the protective headgear; a user interface, coupled to the short-range wireless transceiver, that emits a first detectable alert signal in response to the alarm data to assist the user in the monitoring of the protective headgear; a battery, coupled to provide power to the short-range wireless transceiver and the user interface; and a charging port, coupled to the battery, for coupling a power signal from an external power source to charge the battery. 14. The wireless device of claim 13 wherein the charging port operates in accordance with a universal serial bus (USB) interface. 15. The wireless device of claim 13 wherein the short-range wireless transceiver is paired to the protective headgear via a pairing procedure. 16. The wireless device of claim 13 wherein the short-range wireless transceiver is paired to the protective headgear via a pairing procedure and wherein the protective headgear includes a plurality of protective headgear warn by different wearers. 17. The wireless device of claim 13 wherein the short-range wireless transceiver receives the alarm data from the protective headgear via a bridge device. 18. The wireless device of claim 13 wherein the short-range wireless transceiver is paired to the bridge device via a pairing procedure 19. The wireless device of claim 13 wherein the short range wireless transceiver receives a polling signal and wherein the short-range wireless transceiver transmits status data in response to the polling signal. 20. The wireless device of claim 19 wherein the status data includes a battery charge status. 