The invention relates to a platform for collecting marine energy sources, which comprises solar energy collecting devices, wind energy generating devices and tidal generating devices. The platform also comprises electric energy gathering devices for gathering and outputting electric energy output by the collecting devices or the generating devices. The devices are arranged on the platform on the sea surface. The platform comprises a support partially submerged under the sea surface, a table arranged on the support, and a mounting bracket arranged on the table and used for placing the solar energy collecting devices and the wind energy generating devices.
Claims 1. A platform for collecting marine energy sources, comprising solar energy collecting devices, wind energy generating devices and tidal generating devices, wherein the platform also comprising electric energy gathering devices for gathering and outputting electric energy output by the collecting devices or the generating devices; the devices arranged on the platform on the sea surface; and the platform comprising a support partially submerged under the sea surface, a table arranged on the support, and a mounting bracket arranged on the table and used for placing the solar energy collecting devices and the wind energy generating devices. 2. The platform for collecting the marine energy sources according to claim 1, wherein the support is formed by a plurality of hollow tubes connected with each other; inner spaces of a plurality of the hollow tubes are communicated with each other; and the support also comprises an inlet which connects the inner spaces and outer spaces of the hollow tubes. 3. The platform for collecting the marine energy sources according to claim 2, wherein the platform also comprises a positioning and adjusting device which is connected to the support and used for fixing the position of the platform on the sea surface and adjusting the depth of the support into the sea. 4. The platform for collecting the marine energy sources according to claim 3, wherein the positioning and adjusting device comprises heavies which contact the seabed at a position at which the platform is arranged, driving units which are arranged on the platform, and cables which connect the heavies and the driving units respectively; and the driving units are used for adjusting the length of the cables. 5. The platform for collecting the marine energy sources according to claim 4, wherein the platform is provided with a tidal channel for sea waves to pass through and be strengthened; the tidal generating devices are arranged inside the tidal channel; and the tidal channel is positioned or partially positioned on the sea surface. 6. The platform for collecting the marine energy sources according to claim 5, wherein the mounting bracket comprises an arc top which is arranged on the table and connected with the table through a plurality of pillars. 7. The platform for collecting the marine energy sources according to claim 6, wherein photovoltaic cells of the solar energy collecting devices are arranged on the outer surface of the arc top. 8. The platform for collecting the marine energy sources according to claim 7, wherein each wind energy generating device comprises a plurality of blades for collecting wind energy and a power generation device; and the blades are arranged under an edge of the arc top. 9. The platform for collecting the marine energy sources according to claim 6, wherein an air pressure stabilizing unit which is opened when the air pressure in the arc top is more than the set value and closed when the air pressure in the arc top is less than the set value is arranged on the top of the arc top. 10. The platform for collecting the marine energy sources according to claim 9, wherein the air pressure stabilizing unit comprises an air outlet which is arranged at a vertex of the arc top and a removable cover of which the shape is matched with that of the air outlet of the arc top. 11. The platform for collecting the marine energy sources according to claim 7, wherein an air pressure stabilizing unit which is opened when the air pressure in the arc top is more than the set value and closed when the air pressure in the arc top is less than the set value is arranged on the top of the arc top. 12. The platform for collecting the marine energy sources according to claim 8, wherein an air pressure stabilizing unit which is opened when the air pressure in the arc top is more than the set value and closed when the air pressure in the arc top is less than the set value is arranged on the top of the arc top. 