Embodiments of the invention contemplate the formation of a solar cell module comprising an array of interconnected solar cells that are formed using an automated processing sequence that is used to form a novel solar cell interconnect structure. In one embodiment, the module structure described herein includes a patterned adhesive layer that is disposed on a backsheet to receive and bond a plurality of patterned conducting ribbons thereon. The bonded conducting ribbons are then used to interconnect an array of solar cell devices to form a solar cell module that can be electrically connected to external components that can receive the solar cell module's generated electricity.
Claims 1. A substrate for interconnecting photovoltaic devices, comprising: a backsheet comprising a first polymeric layer that has a mounting surface; a patterned adhesive layer comprising a plurality of adhesive regions that are disposed on the mounting surface; and a plurality of patterned conductive ribbons that are disposed over the formed adhesive regions. 2. The substrate of claim 1, wherein the plurality of patterned conductive ribbons comprise aluminum. 3. The substrate of claim 1, wherein the plurality of patterned conductive ribbons comprise a layer of tin disposed over a copper containing material, or a layer of nickel disposed over an aluminum containing material. 4. The substrate of claim 1, further comprising a patterned interlayer dielectric material disposed over the plurality of patterned conductive ribbons and mounting surface. 5. The substrate of claim 4, further comprising an encapsulant layer disposed over the patterned interlayer dielectric material, wherein openings formed in the encapsulant layer and the patterned interlayer dielectric material are aligned so that each of the openings expose a portion of each of the plurality of patterned conductive ribbons. 6. The substrate of claim 1, wherein the first polymeric layer comprises a material selected from a group consisting of polyethylene terephthalate (PET), polyvinyl fluoride (PVF) and polyethylene. 7. The substrate of claim 1, wherein the patterned adhesive layer is covered by the plurality of patterned conductive ribbons, and comprise a pressure sensitive adhesive. 8. The substrate of claim 1, wherein the plurality of patterned conductive ribbons has a non-linear shape. 9. The substrate of claim 1, wherein the plurality of patterned conductive ribbons comprise a layer of tin disposed over a copper containing material, or a layer of nickel disposed over an aluminum containing material. 10. A substrate for interconnecting photovoltaic devices, comprising: a backsheet comprising a first metal layer that is bonded to a bonding surface of a first polymeric layer, wherein the first polymeric layer has a mounting surface; a patterned adhesive layer comprising a plurality of adhesive regions that are disposed on the mounting surface; a plurality of patterned conductive ribbons that are disposed over the formed adhesive regions, wherein the plurality of patterned conductive ribbons have a non-linear shape, and form part of a circuit used to interconnect two or more back contact solar cells; and a patterned interlayer dielectric material disposed over the patterned conductive ribbons and mounting surface. 11. The substrate of claim 10, further comprising an encapsulant layer disposed over the patterned interlayer dielectric material, wherein openings formed in the encapsulant layer and the patterned interlayer dielectric material are aligned so that each of the openings expose a portion of each of the plurality of patterned conductive ribbons. 12. The substrate of claim 10, wherein the first polymeric layer comprises a material selected from a group consisting of polyethylene terephthalate (PET), polyvinyl fluoride (PVF) and polyethylene. 13. The substrate of claim 10, wherein the formed adhesive regions are covered by the plurality of patterned conductive ribbons, and the formed adhesive regions comprises a pressure sensitive adhesive. 14. The substrate of claim 10, wherein the plurality of patterned conductive ribbons are planar in shape. 15. The substrate of claim 10, wherein the plurality of patterned conductive ribbons comprise a layer of tin disposed over a copper containing material, or a layer of nickel disposed over an aluminum containing material. 16. A substrate for interconnecting photovoltaic devices, comprising: a backsheet comprising a first metal layer that is bonded to a bonding surface of a first polymeric layer, wherein the first polymeric layer has a mounting surface; a patterned adhesive layer comprising a plurality of adhesive regions that are disposed on the mounting surface; a plurality of patterned conductive ribbons that are disposed over the formed adhesive regions, wherein the plurality of patterned conductive ribbons comprise aluminum and form part of a circuit used to interconnect two or more back contact solar cells; and a patterned interlayer dielectric material disposed over the patterned conductive ribbons and mounting surface, and having a plurality of holes formed there through. 17. The substrate of claim 16, further comprising an encapsulant layer disposed over the patterned interlayer dielectric material, wherein openings formed in the encapsulant layer and the holes formed in the patterned interlayer dielectric material are aligned to expose a portion of each of the plurality of patterned conductive ribbons. 18. The substrate of claim 16, wherein the first polymeric layer comprises a material selected from a group consisting of polyethylene terephthalate (PET), polyvinyl fluoride (PVF) and polyethylene. 19. The substrate of claim 16, wherein the plurality of patterned conductive ribbons are planar in shape and 20. The substrate of claim 19, wherein the plurality of patterned conductive ribbons cover the formed adhesive regions. 