A cryogenic propellant depot and sunshield are provided for operation in earth orbit to fuel or refuel other space vehicles. The sunshield is deployed to effectively mitigate solar radiation emanating from the earth and the sun thereby providing a long term storage solution for cryogenic fluids prone to boil-off. The depot has supporting subsystems to include station keeping equipment and communication equipment so that the depot can be independently controlled. Inflatable booms are used to deploy the sunshield in a desired pattern around the depot.
Claims 1. In combination, a cryogenic propellant depot incorporating an integral sunshield, said combination comprising: a tank having a sidewall enclosing a quantity of cryogen liquid therein; a bulkhead attached to an end of said tank, said bulkhead having an interior open space defining a thermal isolation reservoir between the tank and the bulkhead; a docking port formed on said bulkhead and communicating with an interior of said tank for selectively evacuating liquid in said tank; a sunshield attached to said tank, said sunshield comprising at least one sunshield panel selectively moved from a stowed position to a deployed position; a linear deployable main boom attached to said panel, said main boom when deployed causing said main boom to extend said panel in a first longitudinal direction; and a cross boom secured to a distal end of said panel, said cross boom being deployed to displace said panel in a second transverse direction thereby fully deploying the panel for use from the stowed position to the deployed position; and wherein said tank extends along a longitudinal axis, and said sunshield is deployed at an angle from said longitudinal axis. 2. The combination, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said panel includes a plurality of panels, said main boom includes a plurality of main booms, and said cross boom includes a plurality of cross booms, each said panel having a corresponding main boom and cross boom wherein said panels are deployed for use in a cone shape around the tank. 3. The combination, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said sunshield is deployed to fully cover said tank when viewing said tank at a direction orthogonal to said longitudinal axis. 4. The combination, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said tank rotates about its longitudinal axis such that a gas core is formed extending through a center of the tank and along said longitudinal axis. 5. The combination, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said tank is maintained at a first pressure, and said thermal isolation reservoir is maintained at a second lower pressure. 6. The combination, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said thermal isolation reservoir includes gas dispersed therein, said gas being provided from a gas annulus from said tank. 7. The combination, as claimed in claim 1, further including: at least one solar panel secured to said depot. 8. The combination, as claimed in claim 1, further including: an inflatable linear actuator operatively associated with said panel, said inflatable linear actuator housing said main boom and providing a source of gas for inflating said main boom during deployment; and a dispensing roller securing said panel, said dispensing roller rotating in response to inflation of said boom to enable said panel to extend. 9. The combination, as claimed in claim 1 wherein: said sunshield panel includes at least two sunshield panels, one panel being disposed adjacent one side of said inflatable linear actuator, and another panel being disposed on an opposite side of said inflatable linear actuator, said cross beam extending laterally between and secured to said pair of sunshield panels, said dispensing roller including a pair of dispensing rollers for dispensing each of said panels in response to inflation of said main boom. 10. The combination, as claimed in claim 8, wherein: said dispensing roller includes a pair of platens secured to opposite ends of said dispensing roller. 11. The combination, as claimed in claim 8, wherein: said dispensing roller is suspending by a pair of roller mounting brackets secured to opposite ends of said dispensing roller. 12. The combination, as claimed in claim 8, wherein said inflatable linear actuator includes: a base support, a top disc having a chamber formed therein, and a rod interconnecting said base support and said top disc, wherein said source of compressed gas is introduced into said chamber by an aperture extending through said rod; and an end cap placed adjacent said top disc, a distal end of said main boom being secured to said end cap wherein said end cap displaces in response to gas introduced into said chamber thus deploying the main boom from the inflatable linear actuator. 13. The combination, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said cross boom further includes a cross boom cradle for securing said cross boom. 14. The combination, as claimed in claim 1, further including: an equipment deck attached to said bulkhead by a low conductivity truss structure; 15. A method of providing solar radiation shielding for a space vehicle comprising: providing a sunshield secured to said space vehicle; and deploying at least one sunshield panel by inflation of a main boom connected to the panel, said space vehicle having a longitudinal axis, and said sunshield being deployed at an angle from said longitudinal axis. 16. The method, as claimed in claim 16, further including: said main boom extending said sunshield in a first direction; further providing a cross boom connected to a distal end of said panel; inflating said cross boom in a second transverse direction thereby spreading the sunshield panel in the transverse direction. 17. The method, as claimed in claim 16, wherein: said panel is unrolled from a dispensing roller during inflation of the main boom. 18. The method, as claimed in claim 16, wherein: said at least one sunshield panel includes a plurality of panels, said main boom includes a plurality of main booms, wherein each of said panels is deployed by a corresponding main boom thereby arranging the plurality of panels when deployed in a cone shaped configuration to surround the space vehicle. 19. In sub-combination, a sunshield assembly especially adapted for shielding a space vehicle from solar radiation, said sunshield assembly comprising: a sunshield having at least one sunshield panel selectively moved from a stowed position to a deployed position; an inflatable main boom attached to said panel wherein inflation of said main boom extends said panel in a first longitudinal direction; and a cross boom secured to a distal end of said panel, said cross boom being inflatable to displace said panel in a second transverse direction thereby fully deploying the panel for use from the stowed position to the deployed position. 20. In combination, a cryogenic propellant depot incorporating an integral sunshield, said combination comprising: a tank having a sidewall enclosing a quantity of cryogen liquid therein; a bulkhead attached to an end of said tank, said bulkhead having an interior open space defining a thermal isolation reservoir between the tank and the bulkhead; a docking port formed on said bulkhead and communicating with an interior of said tank for selectively evacuating liquid in said tank; a sunshield attached to said tank, said sunshield comprising at least one sunshield panel selectively moved from a stowed position to a deployed position; means for deploying the panel in a first longitudinal direction; means for deploying the panel in a second transverse direction after deployment in the first direction, thereby fully deploying the panel for use from a stowed position to a deployed position; and an equipment deck attached to said bulkhead via a low conductivity truss structure. 