In one embodiment, the present invention provides a hybrid solar concentration device comprising: (a) a solar collector configured to direct solar radiation to a photovoltaic cell and a heat exchanger; (b) a heat exchanger configured to heat a working fluid with a first energy component of the solar radiation; and (c) a photovoltaic cell configured to generate electricity from a second energy component of the solar radiation. Also provided are systems for generating electric power comprising one or more of the novel hybrid solar concentration devices and methods for generating electric power using such systems.
Claims 1. A hybrid solar concentration device comprising; (a) a solar collector configured to direct solar radiation to a photovoltaic cell and a heat exchanger; (b) a heat exchanger configured to heat a working fluid with a first energy component of the solar radiation; and (c) a photovoltaic cell configured to generate electricity from a second energy component of the solar radiation. 2. The hybrid solar concentration device according to claim 1, wherein the heat exchanger is light transmissive and is configured such that at least a portion of the solar radiation directed from the solar collector traverses the heat exchanger prior to encountering the photovoltaic cell. 3. The hybrid solar concentration device according to claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic cell is light transmissive and is configured such that at least a portion of the solar radiation directed from the solar collector traverses the photovoltaic cell prior to encountering the heat exchanger. 4. The hybrid solar concentration device according to claim 1, wherein the solar collector comprises one or more mirror surfaces. 5. The hybrid solar concentration device according to claim 1, wherein the solar collector comprises one or more parabolic reflectors. 6. The hybrid solar concentration device according to claim 1, wherein the heat exchanger comprises a plurality of light transmissive tubes. 7. The hybrid solar concentration device according to claim 1, wherein a gap separates the photovoltaic cell and the heat exchanger sufficient to limit the operating temperature of the photovoltaic cell. 8. The hybrid solar concentration device according to claim 7, wherein the gap is variable. 9. The hybrid solar concentration device according to claim 1, comprising a plurality of heat exchangers. 10. The hybrid solar concentration device according to claim 1, comprising a plurality of photovoltaic cells. 11. A system for generating electric power comprising: (a) a hybrid solar concentration device comprising: a solar collector configured to direct solar radiation to a photovoltaic cell and a heat exchanger; the heat exchanger being configured to heat a working fluid with a first energy component of the solar radiation; and the photovoltaic cell being configured to generate electricity from a second energy component of the solar radiation; and (b) a work extraction device in fluid communication with the heat exchanger configured to extract work from a heated working fluid. 12. The system for generating electric power according to claim 11, further comprising an inverter configured to convert a DC input current to an AC output current. 13. The system for generating electric power according to claim 11, which is configured for connection to an electric power grid. 14. The system for generating electric power according to claim 11, further comprising a working fluid condenser in fluid communication with the work extraction device and the heat exchanger. 15. The system according to claim 11, wherein the work extraction device is a turbine-generator. 16. A method of generating electric power comprising: (a) directing a first energy component of solar radiation from a solar collector to a heat exchanger configured to heat a working fluid and producing a heated working fluid; (b) directing a second energy component of solar radiation to a photovoltaic cell configured to generate electricity and producing electricity; (c) conveying the heated working fluid to a work extraction device configured to extract work from the heated working fluid and producing mechanical energy and a spent working fluid; and (d) recycling the spent working fluid to the heat exchanger. 17. The method according to claim 16, wherein step (a) precedes step (b). 18. The method according to claim 16, further comprising a step (e) removing additional heat from the spent working fluid to produce a second spent working fluid characterized by a temperature lower than the temperature of the spent working fluid. 19. The method according to claim 18, wherein step (e) is carried out in a condenser configured to remove heat from the spent working fluid and produce a second spent working fluid. 20. The method according to claim 16, further comprising a step (f) of converting DC power produced by the photovoltaic cell into AC power. 21. The method according to claim 20, wherein step (f) is carried out using an inverter. 22. The method according to claim 16, wherein the mechanical energy produced by the work extraction device is used to produce electricity. 23. The method according to claim 22, wherein work extraction device is a turbine-generator. 24. The method according to claim 16 wherein the solar collector comprises a plurality of reflectors. 25. A system for generating electric power comprising: (a) a solar collector comprising a plurality of linear Fresnel reflectors configured to direct solar radiation to a photovoltaic cell and a heat exchanger; (b) a heat exchanger comprising a plurality of light transmissive tubes configured to heat an organic working fluid with an infrared radiation component of the solar radiation; and (c) a photovoltaic cell configured to generate DC power from a visible light component of the solar radiation; (d) an inverter configured to convert the DC power generated by the photovoltaic cell into AC power; (e) a work extraction device configured to convert work from a heated working fluid produced by the heat exchanger into electric power, and (f) a heat extraction device configured to extract heat from a spent working fluid, said heat extraction device being in fluid communication with the work extraction device and the heat exchanger; wherein the system for generating electric power is configured such that both electric power produced by photovoltaic cell and the work extraction device may be delivered to an electric power grid. 