An electronics assembly for a photovoltaic panel includes a substrate of a thermally conductive material, wherein the substrate defines a thermal contact area for thermally contacting the electronics assembly to a photovoltaic panel; and at least one electronic component provided on the substrate and in thermal contact with the substrate, so that when the electronics assembly is in thermal contact with the photovoltaic panel. The thermal contact provides a heat conductive channel between the at least one electronic component and the photovoltaic panel, wherein the heat conductive channel enables the electronics assembly to use the photovoltaic panel as a heat sink for heat produced by the at least one electronic component.
Claims 1. An electronics assembly for a photovoltaic panel comprising: a substrate of a thermally conductive material, wherein the substrate defines a thermal contact area for thermally contacting the electronics assembly to a photovoltaic panel; at least one electronic component provided on the substrate and in thermal contact with the substrate, so that when the electronics assembly is in thermal contact with the photovoltaic panel, the thermal contact provides a heat conductive channel between the at least one electronic component and the photovoltaic panel, wherein the heat conductive channel enables the electronics assembly to use the photovoltaic panel as a heat sink for heat produced by the at least one electronic component; and a cover located over the at least one electronic component and covering an area of the substrate; wherein the area covered by the cover is substantially smaller than the contact area. 2. The electronics assembly according to claim 1, wherein the area covered by the cover is less than about 50% of the contact area. 3. The electronics assembly according to claim 1, wherein the area covered by the cover is less than about 30% of the contact area. 4. The electronics assembly according to claim 1, wherein the cover comprises a substantially flat surface running in parallel to the contact area. 5. The electronics assembly according to claim 1, wherein the material of the cover is made of a material selected from plastic and metal. 6. The electronics assembly according to claim 5, wherein the metal is selected from steel, aluminium and stainless steel. 7. The electronics assembly according to claim 1, wherein the thermal conductivity of the substrate is between 10 and 600 W/(m K). 8. The electronics assembly according to claim 1, wherein the substrate comprises at least one layer of metal. 9. The electronics assembly according to claim 8, wherein the metal is selected from steel, stainless steel, aluminium, aluminium alloys and copper. 10. The electronics assembly according to claim 1, wherein at least one of the at least one electronic component comprises at least one of a bypass diode, a dc-dc converter, an inverter, a battery charge controller and an active bypass diode. 11. The electronics assembly according to claims 1, wherein the assembly further comprises at least one intermediate heat sink in thermal contact with the at least one electronic component and the substrate, wherein the heat dissipated by the at least one electronic component is conducted via the intermediate heat sink to the substrate. 12. The electronics assembly according to claim 11, wherein the at least one electronic component is mounted on a printed circuit board and the printed circuit board is thermally connected to the intermediate heat sink using a phase change material. 13. The electronics assembly according to claim 1, wherein at least one of the substrate and the cover comprises at least one cooling structure. 14. The electronics assembly according to claim 1, wherein the at least one electronic component is thermally connected to the substrate using a thermally conductive adhesive. 15. A solar panel system comprising: at least one photovoltaic laminate comprising a plurality of photovoltaic cells generating an electrical signal from solar radiation; and an electronics assembly receiving the electrical signal from the photovoltaic cells in the laminate, the electronics assembly comprising: a substrate of a thermally conductive material, the substrate defining a thermal contact area configured to thermally contact the electronics assembly to a photovoltaic panel; and at least one electronic component provided on the substrate and in thermal contact with the substrate, so that when the electronics assembly is in thermal contact with the photovoltaic panel, wherein the thermal contact provides a heat conductive channel between the at least one electronic component and the photovoltaic panel, wherein the heat conductive channel enables the electronics assembly to use the photovoltaic panel as a heat sink for heat produced by the at least one electronic component; wherein a size of the contact area is configured to heat, produced by the at least one electronic component due to the electrical signal from the plurality of photovoltaic cells, such that an energy of the heat produced by the at least one electronic component is at most as high as an energy of that part of the solar radiation that is transformed into the electrical signal by that part of the plurality of photovoltaic cells in the contact area. 16. The electronics assembly according to claim 15, wherein the heat generated by the at least one electrical component causes an additional temperature rise of the photovoltaic panel in the contact area of not more than 50 percent of a temperature difference between the photovoltaic panel and surrounding air outside the contact area. 17. The electronics assembly according to claim 15, wherein the heat generated by the at least one electrical component causes an additional temperature rise of the photovoltaic panel in the contact area of not more than 30 percent of a temperature difference between the photovoltaic panel and surrounding air outside the contact area. 18. The electronics assembly according to claim 15, wherein the heat generated by the at least one electrical component causes an additional temperature rise of the photovoltaic panel in the contact area of not more than 20 percent of a temperature difference between the photovoltaic panel and surrounding air outside the contact area. 19. A solar panel system comprising: at least one photovoltaic laminate comprising a plurality of photovoltaic cells arranged in rows and columns; and at least one electronics assembly configured to receive an electrical signal from the plurality of photovoltaic cells in the laminate, wherein the electronics assembly comprises: a substrate comprising a thermally conductive material, wherein the substrate defines a thermal contact area configured to thermally contact the electronics assembly to a photovoltaic panel; and at least one electronic component provided on the substrate and in thermal contact with the substrate, so that when the electronics assembly is in thermal contact with the photovoltaic panel, wherein the thermal contact provides a heat conductive channel between the at least one electronic component and the photovoltaic panel, wherein the heat conductive channel enables the electronics assembly to use the photovoltaic panel as a heat sink for heat produced by the at least one electronic component; wherein the substrate is in thermal contact with at least two of the photovoltaic cells, and wherein the substrate is partially overlapping with at least one of the photovoltaic cells with which it is in thermal contact. 20. The solar panel system according to claim 19, wherein the photovoltaic cells in the laminate are arranged in rows and columns, and wherein the substrate is in thermal contact with at least four of the photovoltaic cells. 21. The solar panel system according to claim 20, wherein the substrate is in thermal contact with at least six of the photovoltaic cells. 22. The solar panel system according to claim 19, wherein the substrate is partially overlapping all of the photovoltaic cells with which it is in thermal contact. 23. The solar panel system according to claim 19, wherein the substrate is in thermal contact with at least nine of the photovoltaic cells. 24. The solar panel system according to claim 23, wherein the substrate is fully overlapping with at least one of the photovoltaic cells with which it is in thermal contact, and partially overlaps at least eight additional photovoltaic cells with which it is in thermal contact. 