According to an embodiment, a solar cell string 8 including solar cell modules 1 connected in series and each configured to generate DC power by being irradiated with light; and a junction box 2 configured to receive the DC power from the solar cell string are included. The junction box includes: a DC detector 10 configured to detect a current flowing through the solar cell string; a measurement device 11 configured to measure a current value of the current detected by the DC detector; and a data transmitter 12 configured to send the current value measured by the measurement device.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic power generation system comprising: a solar cell string including solar cell modules connected in series and each configured to generate DC power by being irradiated with light; and a junction box configured to receive the DC power from the solar cell string, wherein the junction box includes: a DC detector configured to detect a current flowing through the solar cell string; a measurement device configured to measure a current value of the current detected by the DC detector; and a data transmitter configured to send the current value measured by the measurement device. 2. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 1, wherein a plurality of the solar cell strings are provided, the junction box receives DC power from each of the plurality of solar cell strings, the DC detector includes a first DC detector configured to detect a current flowing through part of the plurality of solar cell strings as a positive value, and a second DC detector configured to detect a current flowing through other part of the plurality of solar cell strings as a negative value, and the measurement device measures a combined value of a current value of the current detected by the first DC detector and a current value of the current detected by the second DC detector. 3. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 1, wherein a plurality of the solar cell strings are provided, the junction box receives DC power from each of the plurality of solar cell strings, the DC detector detects a current obtained by adding up currents flowing through the plurality of solar cell strings, and the measurement device measures a current value of the current obtained by adding up the currents detected by the DC detector. 4. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 1, wherein a plurality of the solar cell strings are provided, the junction box receives DC power from each of the plurality of solar cell strings, and the DC detector detects a current remaining after offsetting a current flowing out from half of the plurality of solar cell strings as a positive value by a current flowing out from other half of the plurality of solar cell strings as a negative value. 5. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 1, further comprising a monitoring device including: a signal processor configured to perform signal processing based on a signal indicating the current value sent from the data transmitter; a difference-degree monitoring unit configured to find a difference degree of data by statistically analyzing data acquired by the signal processing in the signal processor; and a display/record processor configured to record or display the data of the difference-degree monitoring unit. 6. A photovoltaic power generation system comprising: a solar cell array in which a plurality of solar cell modules each including a plurality of solar cells are arranged; an imaging device configured to capture a surface of the solar cell array by using infrared rays; a moving mechanism configured to move the imaging device; a monitoring display configured to display an image captured by the imaging device using infrared rays, which is moved by the moving mechanism; and a controller configured to control capturing by the imaging device using infrared rays and the movement of the moving mechanism. 7. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 6, wherein the moving mechanism includes: a rail; and a movable carriage on which the imaging device is installed, and which is configured to move on the rail. 8. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 6, wherein the monitoring display displays the image of the surface of the solar cell array captured by the imaging device using infrared rays while the solar cell array supplies a generated current to outside, and the image of the surface of the solar cell array captured by the imaging device using infrared rays while the solar cell array is supplied with a current from outside. 9. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 8, wherein the solar cell array supplies a generated current to outside during daytime and is supplied with a current from outside during nighttime. 10. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 1, wherein the solar cell array is formed by arranging a plurality of the strings each formed of the plurality of solar cell modules, and only the string that the imaging device moved by the moving mechanism faces is supplied with a current from outside. 11. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 10, further comprising an output monitoring device configured to monitor output of each of the strings, wherein the moving mechanism moves the imaging device to a position where the imaging device is capable of capturing one of the strings that is detected by the output monitoring device as a string whose output has decreased. 12. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 1, wherein the imaging device is formed of a plurality of imaging devices, and each of the imaging devices is arranged to be capable of obtaining an image in which no shadow of the other imaging device is captured. 13. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 1, wherein the imaging device is placed in a position where a size of a single pixel of an image obtained by capturing a surface of the solar cell array by using infrared rays becomes smaller than an image of a single solar cell. 14. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 1, wherein the imaging device is placed in a way that prevents a shadow of the imaging device from being captured in an image of a surface of the solar cell array throughout the year. 15. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 1, wherein the moving mechanism rotates the imaging device, and the controller detects presence or absence of failure depending on whether or not a high temperature portion exists in an image obtained by capturing performed by the imaging device rotated by the moving mechanism. 16. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 1, wherein the imaging device captures a rear surface of the solar cell array by using infrared rays, and the controller detects presence or absence of failure depending on whether or not a high temperature portion exists in the image obtained by the capturing performed by the imaging device. 