This invention is a solar-powered charging station for electric and hybrid vehicles. A vehicle parks at a space with the charging station and uses a credit card, debit card, cash, smart card or network connection to a database like EZ-Pass to pay for the space and the electricity. The station automatically charges the vehicle as long as it is connected to the station. The station automatically stops charging when the vehicle is fully charged. The customer only pays for the space and the electricity consumed. If the charging circuit is broken the customer must reinsert the smart card or credit card to restart charging. Sufficient funds are removed from the payment method on initiation of charging. Any money not used for charging is put back onto the smart card or account if the user reinserts it prior to leaving.
Claims 1) A charging station for electric and hybrid vehicles, comprising: a. means for capturing solar energy for vehicular charging; b. an energy storage device; c. means for discharging from said energy storage device to at least one vehicle; d. a computer-implemented means for initiating and controlling transactions selected from the group consisting of discharging energy from said energy storage device to at least one vehicle and purchasing energy and discharging energy from said energy storage device to at least one vehicle; e. an underground compartment for isolating and insulating said energy storage device as well as protecting at least one vehicle and said energy storage device in case of vehicular collision with said charging station; f. means for preventing current discharge from said charging station and said energy storage device to at least one vehicle in case of vehicular collision with said charging station and extreme environmental conditions; g. means for joining said means for capturing solar energy to said energy storage device h. means for joining said energy storage device to said means for discharging i. means for joining said means for discharging to said means for preventing current discharge j. means for joining said means for discharging to said computer-implemented means for transactions, whereby the solar energy is captured and stored in said energy storage device and upon initiation of said computer-implemented means for transactions monetary funds are exchanged for energy and via said means for discharging, energy is discharged. 2) The charging station according to claim 1, wherein said energy storage device comprises batteries. 3) The charging station according to claim 1, wherein said means for capturing sufficient solar energy comprises a solar array with at least one photovoltaic panel. 4) The charging station according to claim 1, wherein said means for discharging comprises an alternating current connector. 5) The charging station according to claim 1, wherein said means for discharging comprises a direct current connector. 6) The charging station according to claim 1, wherein said means for discharging comprises means for communication with the vehicle. 7) The charging station according to claim 3, further including a computer-implemented monitoring and control system for maximizing power capture from said solar array; 8) The charging station according to claim 1, further including a one-axis or two-axis pointing mechanism to align the panel normal to the sun. 9) The charging station according to claim 8, further including a computer-implemented means for controlling said two-axis pointing mechanism to align the panel normal to the sun. 10) The charging station according to claim 9, further including a ground-positioning system receiver to determine the station location, date, and time which is then used to determine the array angles. 11) The charging station according to claim 1, further including a connection to the electric grid. 12) The charging station according to claim 1, further including a connection to a wireless network. 13) A stand-alone electric generation station, comprising: a. means for capturing solar energy for charging; b. an energy storage device; c. means for discharging from said energy storage device; d. an underground compartment for isolating and insulating said energy storage device as well as protecting the user and said energy storage device in case of system malfunction or external emergency; e. a means for preventing current discharge from said charging station and said energy storage device in case of system malfunction or external emergency; f. means for joining said means for capturing solar energy to said energy storage device g. means for joining said energy storage device to said means for discharging h. means for joining said means for discharging to said means for preventing current discharge, whereby the solar energy is captured and stored in said energy storage device and upon initiation of said computer-implemented means for transactions monetary funds are exchanged for energy and via said means for discharging, energy is discharged. 14) The charging station according to claim 13, wherein said means for substantial energy storage comprises batteries. 15) The charging station according to claim 13, wherein said means for capturing sufficient solar energy comprises a solar array with at least one photovoltaic panel. 16) The charging station according to claim 13, wherein said means for discharging comprises an alternating current connector. 17) The charging station according to claim 13, wherein said means for discharging comprises a direct current connector. 18) The charging station according to claim 13, further including a connection to the electric grid. 19) The charging station according to claim 13, further including a computer-implemented means for initiating and controlling transactions such that energy can be purchased and discharged from said energy storage device. 