A solar photovoltaic power generation module includes: plural cells connected in series with one another, and generating electric powers in correspondence to lights received; and plural bypass portions bypassing the plural cells, respectively, in accordance with an operation made from an outside.
Claims 1. A solar photovoltaic power generation module, comprising: plural cells connected in series with one another, and generating electric powers in correspondence to lights received; and plural bypass portions bypassing said plural cells, respectively, in accordance with an operation made from an outside. 2. The solar photovoltaic power generation module according to claim 1, wherein the bypass portion is disposed every cell. 3. The solar photovoltaic power generation module according to claim 1, wherein the bypass portion is disposed every at least the two cells so as to be adapted to selectively bypass the adjacent two cells. 4. The solar photovoltaic power generation module according to claim 1, wherein each of said plural bypass portions is composed of a switch having a contact point which is opened and closed by a magnet which is made to come close to the corresponding one of said plural bypass portions from an outside of a panel within which said plural cells are enclosed. 5. The solar photovoltaic power generation module according to claim 4, wherein marks representing positions where the switches are disposed are marked on said panel within which said plural cells are enclosed. 6. The solar photovoltaic power generation module according to claim 1, further comprising: a voltage measuring portion measuring a voltage of an electric power outputted from said solar photovoltaic power generation module; a current measuring portion measuring a current of the electric power outputted from said solar photovoltaic power generation module; and a control portion monitoring the voltage and the current, and controlling bypass made by said plural bypass portions, wherein said control portion selects said plural cells each becoming an object of an inspection in order, causes the bypass portion corresponding to the cell selected to bypass the cell selected, determines whether or not the cell bypassed is normal in accordance with the voltage and the current, and records the cell which is determined not to be normal. 7. The solar photovoltaic power generation module according to claim 6, wherein said control portion sets a timing at which the cell which is determined not to be normal is bypassed by referring to a history of the cell which is determined not to be normal. 8. An inspecting method for a solar photovoltaic power generation module automatically inspecting system including a solar photovoltaic power generation module having plural cells connected in series with one another, and generating electric powers in correspondence to lights received, and plural bypass portions bypassing said plural cells, respectively, in accordance with an operation made from an outside, a voltage measuring portion measuring a voltage of an electric power outputted from said solar photovoltaic power generation module, a current measuring portion measuring a current of the electric power outputted from said solar photovoltaic power generation module, and a control portion monitoring the voltage and the current, and controlling bypass made by said plural bypass portions, said inspecting method comprising: successively selecting said plural cells each becoming an object of an inspection; bypassing the cell selected by the bypass portion corresponding to the cell selected; and determining whether or not the cell bypassed is normal based on the voltage and the current, and recording the cell which is determined not to be normal. 