A photovoltaic device is made using a method and a system disclosed herein. The method may comprise: providing a web of photovoltaic material; providing a web of interconnect material; cutting the web of photovoltaic material into a plurality of photovoltaic cells; cutting the web of interconnect material into a plurality of interconnects; providing a respective one of the plurality of interconnects between adjacent photovoltaic cells to electrically connect a first string of photovoltaic cells in series; and laminating the first string of photovoltaic cells which are electrically connected in series between a top laminating sheet and a bottom laminating sheet. The system may comprise: a first conveyor, an optical inspection apparatus, a removal apparatus, a sorter, a second conveyor, and an assembly apparatus configured to place an interconnect between adjacent photovoltaic cells to electrically connect a first string of photovoltaic cells in series.
Claims 1. A method of making a photovoltaic device, comprising: providing a web of photovoltaic material; providing a web of interconnect material comprising a conductor supported by an insulating carrier; cutting the web of photovoltaic material into a plurality of photovoltaic cells; cutting the web of interconnect material into a plurality of interconnects; providing a respective one of the plurality of interconnects between adjacent photovoltaic cells to electrically connect a first string of photovoltaic cells in series; and laminating the first string of photovoltaic cells which are electrically connected in series between a top laminating sheet and a bottom laminating sheet. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising: depositing p-type and n-type photovoltaic material and at least one electrode onto a moving substrate web in at least one deposition chamber to provide the web of photovoltaic material; moving the web of photovoltaic material from the at least one deposition chamber in a first direction, such that the step of cutting the web of photovoltaic material comprises cutting the moving web of photovoltaic material into the plurality of photovoltaic cells; inspecting the plurality of moving photovoltaic cells; removing unsuitable photovoltaic cells which do not meet a predetermined level of suitability; and reintegrating the plurality of photovoltaic cells after removing the unsuitable photovoltaic cells. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the step of reintegrating comprises individually stacking the plurality of photovoltaic cells into a sorter and providing individual photovoltaic cells from the sorter onto a conveyor such that the plurality of the photovoltaic cells are spaced apart from each other on the conveyor. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the step of providing the respective one of the plurality of interconnects comprises: placing a first photovoltaic cell on the conveyor; placing a first interconnect such that the conductor of the first interconnect contacts an upper electrode of the first photovoltaic cell located on the conveyor; pressing the first interconnect against the first photovoltaic cell; and placing a second photovoltaic cell onto the first interconnect such that the conductor of the first interconnect contacts a lower electrode of the second photovoltaic cell. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising: depositing p-type and n-type photovoltaic material and at least one electrode onto a moving substrate web in at least one deposition chamber to provide the web of photovoltaic material; inspecting the web of photovoltaic material; determining if inspected portions of the web of photovoltaic material do not meet a predetermined level of suitability; moving the web of photovoltaic material from the at least one deposition chamber in a first direction, such that the step of cutting the web of photovoltaic material comprises cutting the moving web of photovoltaic material into the plurality of photovoltaic cells; removing unsuitable photovoltaic cells which were formed on portions of the web of photovoltaic material which did not meet the predetermined level of suitability; and reintegrating the plurality of photovoltaic cells after removing the unsuitable photovoltaic cells. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein: the conductor comprises a conductive wire; the web of interconnect material comprises a web of the insulating carrier supporting the conductive wire; the conductive wire comprises a plurality of repeating, discrete wire segments which are separated from each other in a movement direction of the insulating carrier web; and a first end of each wire segment is located adjacent to a first edge of the insulating carrier web and a second end of each wire segment is located adjacent to a second edge of the insulating carrier web. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein: each interconnect comprises one of the plurality of repeating, discrete wire segments; each wire segment having a leading and a trailing portion; the leading portion of the wire segment is exposed below a bottom surface of the insulating carrier web; and the trailing portion of the wire segment is exposed above a top surface of the insulating carrier web. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein each wire segment comprises a continuous serpentine wire which extends a plurality of times from the bottom surface to the top surface of the insulating carrier web through the insulating carrier web. 9. The method of claim 7, wherein each wire segment comprises a wire mesh, one or more curved wires or a plurality of straight wires. 10. The method of claim 7, wherein the step of providing the respective one of the plurality of interconnects comprises: placing a first photovoltaic cell on a conveyor; placing a first interconnect such that the leading portion of the wire segment of the first interconnect contacts an upper electrode of the first photovoltaic cell located on the conveyor; and placing a second photovoltaic cell onto the first interconnect such that the trailing portion of the wire segment of the first interconnect contacts a lower electrode of the second photovoltaic cell. 11. The method of claim 10, further comprising: moving the conveyor in a first direction such that the first photovoltaic cell located on the conveyor moves in the first direction; and moving the web of interconnect material in a second direction which is substantially perpendicular to the first direction, such that the web of interconnect material is located over the upper electrode of the first photovoltaic cell located on the conveyor. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein: the step of moving the web of interconnect material in the second direction comprises unrolling the web of interconnect material from a roll in the second direction; the step of cutting the web of interconnect material forms the first interconnect having the leading portion of the wire segment contacting the upper electrode of the first photovoltaic cell located on the conveyor; and the step of placing the second photovoltaic cell onto the first interconnect comprises placing the second photovoltaic cell onto the trailing portion of the wire segment before or after the step of the step of cutting the web of interconnect material to form the first interconnect. 13. The method of claim 1, wherein the conductor comprises a printed or plated trace electrode. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of laminating comprises: providing the bottom laminating sheet from a first roll on a conveyor under the plurality of photovoltaic cells; providing the top laminating sheet from a second roll over the first string of photovoltaic cells which are electrically connected in series; and laminating the first string of photovoltaic cells which are electrically connected in series between the top laminating sheet and the bottom laminating sheet. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising laminating a second string of photovoltaic cells which are electrically connected in series between the top laminating sheet and the bottom laminating sheet such that the first laminating sheet contacts the second laminating sheet in a space between the first and the second strings of photovoltaic cells. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising rolling the laminated first and second strings of photovoltaic cells into a flexible photovoltaic device roll, such that the first and the second laminating sheets may be cut in the space between the first and the second strings of photovoltaic cells to separate the laminated first and the second strings of photovoltaic cells after unrolling the photovoltaic device roll. 17. The method of claim 1, wherein the first string of photovoltaic cells is electrically connected in series without curling, bending or twisting either the plurality of interconnects or the plurality of photovoltaic cells in the first string, and without plating a conductive trace in a hole through each of the plurality of interconnects. 18. A system for making a flexible photovoltaic device, comprising: a first conveyor configured to convey a plurality of flexible photovoltaic cells along a first section of the system; an optical inspection apparatus located adjacent to the first conveyor, the optical inspection apparatus configured to inspect the plurality of photovoltaic cells and to determine if the photovoltaic cells are within a predetermined level of suitability; a removal apparatus configured to remove unsuitable photovoltaic cells from the first conveyor if the photovoltaic cells are not within the predetermined level of suitability; a sorter located at an output end of the first conveyor and configured to stack the plurality of photovoltaic cells; a second conveyor located at an output end of the sorter, the second conveyor configured to convey the plurality of photovoltaic cells along a second section of the system; and an assembly apparatus configured to place an interconnect between adjacent photovoltaic cells to electrically connect a first string of photovoltaic cells in series. 19. The system of claim 18, further comprising a cutting device configured to cut a web of photovoltaic material into the plurality of photovoltaic cells before the photovoltaic cells are inspected by the inspection apparatus. 20. The system of claim 18, wherein the sorter comprises a stack of shelves configured to receive each photovoltaic cell on a corresponding shelf and each shelf in the stack of shelves is configured to move in a vertical direction from the first conveyor to the second conveyor. 21. The system of claim 20, wherein the sorter comprises at least one shelf on which the plurality of photovoltaic cells are stacked and the at least one shelf is configured to move in a vertical direction from the first conveyor to the second conveyor. 22. The system of claim 18, wherein the assembly apparatus comprises at least one first robotic arm configured to place the photovoltaic cells from the sorter onto the second conveyor such that the plurality of the photovoltaic cells are spaced apart from each other on the second conveyor. 23. The system of claim 22, further comprising: an interconnect spool configured to hold a roll of interconnect material comprising a flexible conductive wire supported by an insulating carrier web, the interconnect spool positioned to provide the insulating carrier web in a direction substantially perpendicular to a movement direction of the second conveyor; and a cutting device positioned adjacent to the second conveyor and configured to cut an interconnect from the roll of interconnect material such that the interconnect is placed on a photovoltaic cell located on the second conveyor. 24. The system of claim 22, further comprising a third conveyor configured to provide a plurality of interconnects and a third robotic arm configured to place each of the plurality of interconnects onto one of the plurality of photovoltaic cells on the second conveyor. 25. The system of claim 18, further comprising a laminating apparatus configured to laminate the first string of photovoltaic cells between first and second laminating sheets to form a flexible photovoltaic device. 26. The system of claim 25, further comprising first and second laminating spools configured to provide first and second laminating sheet webs to the second conveyor. 27. The system of claim 25, further comprising a take up spool configured to roll up the flexible photovoltaic device into a roll. 28. The system of claim 18, further comprising an electrical testing apparatus located adjacent to the second conveyor, the electrical testing apparatus configured to electrically test the first string of photovoltaic cells. 29. The system of claim 18, further comprising: a substrate web spool configured to a provide a flexible substrate web into at least one photovoltaic material deposition chamber; and the at least one photovoltaic material deposition chamber located between the substrate web spool and input end of the first conveyor. 30. A method of making a photovoltaic device, comprising: optically inspecting a plurality of moving photovoltaic cells to determine if the photovoltaic cells are within a predetermined level of suitability; removing unsuitable photovoltaic cells which do not meet the predetermined level of suitability; and reintegrating the plurality of remaining photovoltaic cells after removing the unsuitable photovoltaic cells such that the plurality of the remaining photovoltaic cells are moving while being spaced apart from each other. 31. The method of claim 30, wherein: the step of optically inspecting comprises optically inspecting the plurality of photovoltaic cells located on a moving first conveyor; and the step of reintegrating comprises individually stacking the plurality of remaining photovoltaic cells from the first conveyor into a sorter and providing individual photovoltaic cells from the sorter onto a second moving conveyor such that the photovoltaic cells on the second conveyor are spaced apart from each other. 32. The method of claim 31, further comprising providing a respective one of the plurality of interconnects between adjacent photovoltaic cells to electrically connect a plurality of strings of photovoltaic cells in series. 33. The method of claim 32, wherein the step of providing comprises: placing a first interconnect on a first photovoltaic cell located on the second conveyor such that a conductor supported by an insulating carrier of the first interconnect contacts an upper electrode of the first photovoltaic cell located on the second conveyor; and placing a second photovoltaic cell on the first interconnect such that the conductor of the first interconnect contacts a lower electrode of the second photovoltaic cell. 34. The method of claim 32, further comprising: electrically testing the plurality of strings to determine if the strings are within a predetermined level of suitability; removing unsuitable strings which do not meet the predetermined level of suitability; and reintegrating the plurality of remaining strings after removing the unsuitable strings such that the plurality of the remaining strings are moving while being spaced apart from each other. 35. The method of claim 34, wherein the step of electrically testing the plurality of strings comprises exposing each of the plurality of strings to a flash of light and monitoring a current or voltage between the second conveyor and an interconnect in the string exposed to the flash of light. 36. A method of installing a flexible photovoltaic device, comprising: providing a flexible photovoltaic device roll comprising at least a first string of photovoltaic cells which are electrically connected in series and a second string of photovoltaic cells which are electrically connected in series between a top laminating sheet and a bottom laminating sheet such that the top laminating sheet contacts the bottom laminating sheet in a space between the first and the second strings of photovoltaic cells; unrolling the flexible photovoltaic device roll; cutting the unrolled flexible photovoltaic device roll in the space between the first and the second string; installing the first string laminated between the top and bottom laminated sheets in a first location; and separately installing the second string laminated between the top and bottom laminated sheets in a second location. 37. The method of claim 36, wherein the first location comprises a first portion of a roof and the second location comprises a second portion of the roof. 38. A photovoltaic device, comprising a flexible photovoltaic device roll comprising at least a first string of photovoltaic cells which are electrically connected in series and a second string of photovoltaic cells which are electrically connected in series between a top laminating sheet and a bottom laminating sheet such that the top laminating sheet contacts the bottom laminating sheet in a space between the first and the second strings of photovoltaic cells. 