A system for monitoring evacuation of personnel from an offshore platform or ship uses personal identification transmitters worn by the crew and passengers, where each of the transmitters has been assigned unique identification parameters. The personal identification transmitters transit a signal that is picked up by a lifeboat-mounted transducer, which acknowledges presence of the wearer of the personal identification transmitter once the persons enters the lifeboat. The signal from the transducer is transmitted, via satellite to a computing machine, which generates a report acknowledging presence of each person on board the lifeboat and comparing the report to a list of persons who had been listed in the personnel-on-board master report. The remote management control centers allow management to issue commands to abandon ship once all persons have been accounted for.
Claims 1. A personnel evacuation monitoring system, which uses a satellite for transmitting signals, the system comprising: a personal identification device configured to generate and transmit a unique signal assigned to the personal identification device, said personal identification device being configured to be positioned is direct association with an individual user; a transducer positioned in an evacuation transport facility and configured to receive the signal generated by the personal identification device, said transducer creating a signal indicative of the user's position in the evacuation transport facility, said transducer transmitting the signal indicative of the user's position in the evacuation transport facility via a satellite; a computing device configured to receive a signal indicative of the user's position in the evacuation transport facility transmitted by the transducer, process the received signal, and generate a real-time report acknowledging presence of the user in the evacuation transport facility. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising a remote control center configured for communicating with the computing device and at least one remote base station. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein said personal identification device is configured for continuous transmittal of the signal assigned to the personal identification device. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein said personal identification device is configured for activation by the user upon entering the evacuation transport facility. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein said remote control center is capable of communicating with an off-site call center. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein said computing device is capable of receiving and processing signals from a plurality of personal identification devices. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the personal identification device is battery-powered. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the personal identification device is solar-powered. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the transducer positioned in the evacuation transport facility is configured for operational communication with transducers located in adjacent evacuation transport facilities so as to coordinate evacuation of personnel through a plurality of evacuation transport facilities. 10. A method of monitoring personnel evacuation from an offshore facility by an evacuation transport facility, comprising the steps of: providing a personal identification device and associating the personal identification device with an individual user, said personal identification device being configured to generate and transmit a unique signal assigned to the personal identification device; providing a transducer and positioning the transducer in the evacuation transport facility, said transducer being configured to receive the signal generated by the personal identification device; providing a remote computing device configured to receive a signal indicative of the user's position in the evacuation transport facility; directing the user to enter the evacuation transport facility; causing the transducer to communicate with the personal identification device, create a signal indicative of the user's presence in the evacuation transport facility, and transmit the signal indicative of the user's presence in the evacuation transport facility via a satellite, to the remote computing device; and generating with the computing device a real-time report acknowledging the user's presence in the evacuation transport facility. 11. The method of claim 10, comprising a step of providing a remote control center configured for communicating with the computing device and at least one remote base station. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising a step of transmitting the real-time report generated by the computing device from the remote control center to the at least one remote base station. 13. The method of claim 11, wherein said remote control center is capable of communicating with an off-site call center. 14. The method of claim 10, wherein said computing device is capable of receiving and processing signals from a plurality of personal identification devices. 15. The method of claim 10, wherein said personal identification device is configured for continuous transmittal of the signal assigned to the personal identification device. 16. The method of claim 10, wherein said personal identification device is configured for activation by the user upon entering the evacuation transport facility. 17. The method of claim 10, further comprising a step of causing the transducer positioned in the evacuation transport facility to communicate with transducers located in adjacent evacuation transport facilities, thereby coordinating evacuation of personnel by a plurality of evacuation transport facilities. 