This invention relates to a heating/cooling system operating on the basis of a novel SPLIT BUFFER TANK; representing an efficiency improvement alternative to HVAC systems functioning with existing commercial buffer tanks. Currently, commercial buffers have the heat source provider (HSP)-return and system-return discharging to a common buffer/vessel. Novel SPLIT BUFFER is provided with a SEPARATION DISK placed inside the tank as mechanical way of separating the hot water inflow from the HSP from the warmer water inflow from system return. The disk moves up and down along the tank driven by demanded water supply and return. Pump-1 circulates hot water from the hot section of the buffer to the secondary system claiming for heat. Pump-2 circulates warmer water from the warmer section of the buffer through the HSP where it is reheated, and subsequently stored in the hot section of the buffer to reinitiate this cycle again.
Claims 1) Heating/cooling system operating on the basis of a novel split buffer tank (1) comprising a separations disk (2), a guide bar (7) adapted inside the split buffer tank to freely allow the separation disk to move up and down along the guide bar to make room for hot and warm fluid storage on opposite sides of the disk, two disk flow bypasses (3a, 3b) for respective loop flow functionality between the split buffer tank and each of a heat source provider and a secondary system (14), and hydraulic connections (12), (15), (16), (19) to interconnect the heat source provider and the secondary system (14) to the split buffer tank (1). 2) Heating/cooling system according to claim 1 in which the heat source provider (18) is hydraulically connected to the split buffer tank (1). 3) Heating/cooling system according to claim 1, in which the secondary system (14) is hydraulically connected to the split buffer tank (1). 4) Heating/cooling system according to claim 1, in which a buffer heat source provider return line (19) serves as a hydraulic connection to convey hot fluid from the heat source provider (18) into a hot section of the split buffer tank (1) on a hot side of the disk. 5) Heating/cooling system according to claim 4, in which a buffer heat source provider supply line (16) serves as a hydraulic connection to convey warm fluid from a warm section of the split buffer tank (1) on a warm side of the disk to the heat source provider (18). 6) Heating/cooling system according to claim 1, in which a buffer system supply line (12) serves as a hydraulic connection to convey hot fluid from a hot section of the split buffer tank (1) on a hot side of the disk to the secondary system (14). 7) Heating/cooling system according to claim 6, in which a buffer system return line (15) serves as a hydraulic connection to convey warm fluid from the secondary system (14) to a warm section of the split buffer tank (1) on a warm side of the disk. 8) Heating/cooling system according to claim 1, in which the split buffer tank (1) comprises the following: a) a hot-outlet (8) hydraulically connected to a buffer system supply line (12) to convey stored hot fluid from the split buffer tank (1) to the secondary system (14) to satisfy demand for heat; b) a warm-inlet (9) hydraulically connected to a buffer system return line (15) to convey secondary system (14) return warm fluid to split buffer tank (1) for storage; c) a hot-inlet (10) hydraulically connected to a buffer heat source provider return line (19) to convey hot fluid from the heat source provider (18) to the split buffer tank (1) for storage; d) a warm-outlet (11) hydraulically connected to a buffer heat source provider supply line (16) to convey stored warm fluid from the split buffer (1) tank to the heat source provider (18) for reheating; e) the separation disk (2), which functions to hydraulically separate hot fluid inflow from the heat source provider (18) from warm fluid inflow from the secondary system (14), and to serve as an insulating wall for thermal separation between hot and warm sections of the tank, the separation disk comprising the following: i) an insulating core (2a) which functions to thermally insulate the hot section of the split buffer tank (1) from the warm section; ii) a separation disk warm-side bypass (3a) to allow a pump-1 (13) to recirculate fluid in a system loop during positioning of the disk in a top position; iii) a separation disk hot-side bypass (3b) to allow a pump-2 (17) to recirculate fluid in a heat source provider loop during positioning of the disk in a bottom position; and iv) a pressure release check valve (5) hydraulically connecting a hot face of the disk with a warm face of the disk in order to eliminate pressure differential between the hot and warm sections of the tank that may arise from a make-up fluid connection (20) on the split buffer tank; f) the guide bar, which is a center guide squared bar (7) to guide the separation disk up and down along the split buffer tank (1) and to prevent rotation of the disk from causing misalignment of the warm-side bypass (3a) with the hot outlet (8), or the hot-side bypass (3b) with the warm outlet (11), at an edge of the separation disk (2), the disk being displaceable up and down along the center guide bar (7) to allow hot and warm fluid accumulation during thermal recharging and discharging of the split buffer tank (1); g) a separation disk hub (6) to secure the separation disk to the center guide bar (7) and to accommodate a set of counterweight plates (4); h) the set of counterweight plates (4) balancing buoyancy of the separation disk, to make the separation disk effectively weightless when placed inside the split buffer tank (1); i) a top position disk stopper (26) to limit displacement of the disk (2) when going to the top position lining up the warm-side bypass (3a) with the hot outlet (8); j) a bottom position disk stopper (27) to limit displacement of the disk (2) when going to the bottom position, lining up the hot side bypass (3b) with the warm outlet (11); k) a guide bar attachment (21) to mechanically secure the guide bar (7) to a bottom of the split buffer tank (1); and l) a pressurized fluid make-up & air vent connection (20) to maintain continuous fluid supply to the system and to allow for allocation of air vent equipment in association with the split buffer tank. 9. Heating/cooling system according to claim 1 in which a Distributed Control System (DCS) logic arranged to work independently or in conjunction with additional DCS controllers comprises the following: a) a demand-based sensor/selector (TS0) (22) inside the Secondary System (14) perimeter which functions to monitor an inner temperature and call for heat, starting a pump-1 (13) operable between the buffer tank and the secondary system, if the inner temperature falls below a preset value; b) a fluid temperature sensor/selector (TS1) (23) located at a buffer system supply line (12), between a hot outlet (8) of the buffer tank and the pump-1 (13), the temperature sensor/selector registering a first point fluid temperature, operating only when the pump-1 (13) is ON, and if the first point fluid temperature falls below a set point, signaling to start first a pump-2 (17) operable between the buffer tank and the heat source provider and, with a time delay, start the heat source provider (18) to reload the split buffer tank (1) with hot fluid; and c) another fluid temperature sensor/selector (TS2) (24) located at a buffer heat source provider supply line (16), between the pump-2 (17) and a warm outlet (11) of the buffer tank to register a second point fluid temperature and shut-off the pump-2 (17), and with time delay, shut off the heat source provider (18) if the second point fluid temperature rises to a second preset value. 10. Heating/cooling system according to claim 2, in which the heat source provider is a direct heating device. 11. Heating/cooling system according to claim 2, in which the heat source provider is an indirect heating device. 12. Heating/cooling system according to claim 10, in which the direct heating device is a boiler. 13. Heating/cooling system according to claim 10, in which the direct heating device is a heat pump. 14. Heating/cooling system according to claim 10, in which the direct heating device is a solar heating arrangement. 15. Heating/cooling system according to claim 10, in which the direct heating device is a solid fuel heating device. 16. Heating/cooling system according to claim 10, in which the direct heating device is a wood fuel heating device. 17. Heating/cooling system according to claim 11, in which the indirect heating device comprises at least one heat exchanger. 18. Heating/cooling system according to claim 3, in which the secondary system comprises an HVAC system for regulating conditions of an enclosed environment. 19. Heating/cooling system according to claim 18, in which the HVAC system is arranged to introduce fresh outdoor air into the enclosed environment. 20. Heating/cooling system according to claim 3, in which the secondary system is associated with industrial thermal processes involving cooling/heating applications. 