A method for harvesting solar power by concentrating sunlight onto a raised solar receiver disposed on a tower. The method involves rotating a mirror array made up of multiple flat mirrors as a unit around a vertical axis such that sunlight shines on the mirror array from a fixed apparent azimuth angle at all times during daylight hours, and controlling each mirror's pivot position to track the sun's elevation angle such that sunlight is accurately reflected onto the raised solar receiver at all times during daylight hours. In one embodiment the mirror array is disposed on a roundabout-type platform whose rotational position is controlled to track the sun's azimuth angle and the raised receiver is maintained at a substantially fixed position relative to the mirror array for all rotational positions of the platform.
Claims 1. A method for harvesting solar energy, the method comprising: disposing a mirror array and a solar receiver such that the plurality of flat mirrors are arranged in a low-profile pattern and are rotatable as a single unit around a rotational axis, and such that the solar receiver is located at a substantially fixed position relative to all of the plurality of flat mirrors for all rotational positions of the mirror array around a rotational axis; adjusting a rotational position of the mirror array in accordance with the sun's azimuth angle such that sunlight is directed onto the mirror array along a fixed apparent azimuth angle at all times during daylight hours; and individually controlling a pivot angle of each of the plurality of flat mirrors in accordance with a current sun elevation angle such that sunlight is reflected by all of the plurality of flat mirrors onto the solar receiver. 2. The method according to claim 1, wherein disposing the mirror array comprises mounting each of the plurality of flat mirrors on a base structure, and wherein adjusting a rotational position of the mirror array comprises: detecting a sun azimuth angle, generating control signals in response to the detected sun azimuth angle, and rotating the base structure around the rotational axis in accordance with the control signals. 3. The method according to claim 2, wherein disposing the mirror array comprises mounting each of the plurality of flat mirrors on a corresponding support structure that is fixedly connected to the base structure such that each of the plurality of flat mirrors is pivotable around a corresponding unique pivot axis relative to its support structure, and wherein individually controlling a pivot angle of each of the plurality of flat mirrors comprises: detecting a sun elevation angle, generating control signals in response to the detected sun elevation angle, and pivoting each of the plurality of flat mirrors around its corresponding pivot axis in accordance with the control signals. 4. The method according to claim 1, wherein disposing the mirror array comprises mounting each of the plurality of flat mirrors on a corresponding support structure that is fixedly connected to a base structure such that each of the plurality of flat mirrors is pivotable around a corresponding unique pivot axis relative to its support structure, and wherein individually controlling a pivot angle of each of the plurality of flat mirrors comprises: detecting a sun elevation angle, generating control signals in response to the detected sun elevation angle, and pivoting each of the plurality of flat mirrors around its corresponding unique pivot axis in accordance with the control signals. 5. The method according to claim 1, wherein disposing the mirror array comprises: determining an associated plurality of ideal mirror positions for each mirror of the plurality of flat mirrors such that said each mirror reflects sunlight from a corresponding unique sun elevation angle onto the raised solar receiver in each of the associated plurality of ideal mirror positions, computing the corresponding unique pivot axis associated with said each mirror using a plurality of normal vector values, each normal vector value being perpendicular to the planar reflective surface of said each mirror when said each mirror is in an associated mirror position of said plurality of ideal mirror positions, and mounting each of the plurality of flat mirrors on a base structure such that said each mirror is constrained to pivot around the computed corresponding unique pivot axis into each of the determined plurality of ideal mirror positions. 6. The method according to claim 5, wherein mounting each of the plurality of flat mirrors comprises connecting an angled bracket onto said each mirror having a first portion disposed parallel to the planar reflective surface of said each mirror and a second portion intersecting the planar reflective surface of said each mirror at a corresponding acute orientation angle. 7. The method according to claim 5, wherein arranging the plurality of flat mirrors comprises connecting two or more mirrors of said plurality of flat mirrors to a single drive motor by way of a drive member, wherein individually controlling a pivot angle of each of the two or more mirrors comprises actuating said motor. 8. The method according to claim 7, wherein connecting said two or more mirrors of said plurality of flat mirrors to a single drive motor comprises: connecting a drive shaft having a plurality of driving gears to said single drive motor; and connecting each said two or more mirrors to a driven gear that is operably connected to an associated drive gear of said plurality of drive gears such that rotation of said associated drive gear by said drive shaft causes rotation of said driven gear, whereby said each flat mirror is rotated said unique predetermined distance around its corresponding axis. 9. The method according to claim 5, wherein disposing the mirror array comprises arranging the plurality of flat mirrors in rows and columns, and connecting two or more mirrors of said plurality of flat mirrors disposed in each column to a single drive motor by way of a drive member, and wherein individually controlling a pivot angle of each of the two or more mirrors comprises actuating said motor. 10. The method according to claim 1, wherein disposing the mirror array and the solar receiver comprises disposing the solar receiver is on a tower that extends along the rotational axis such that the solar receiver is disposed above the plurality of flat mirrors. 11. The method according to claim 10, wherein disposing the mirror array and the solar receiver comprises disposing both the mirror array and the tower on a base structure, and wherein adjusting the rotational position of the mirror array in accordance with the sun's azimuth angle comprises rotating the base structure such that both the mirror array and the solar receiver rotate around the rotational axis. 12. The method according to claim 10, wherein disposing the mirror array and the solar receiver comprises disposing the mirror array on a base structure, that is rotatably disposed on a support surface, and disposing the tower directly on the support surface such that the tower extends through an opening defined in said base structure, and wherein adjusting the rotational position of the mirror array in accordance with the sun's azimuth angle comprises rotating the base structure such that the mirror array rotates around the rotational axis relative to the solar receiver. 13. The method according to claim 1, wherein adjusting the rotational position of the mirror array in accordance with the sun's azimuth angle comprises rotating the mirror array in only one of a counterclockwise and a clockwise direction during daylight hours. 14. The method according to claim 1, wherein disposing said mirror array comprises mounting said plurality of flat mirrors on a plurality of platforms such that a group of said plurality of flat mirrors is disposed on each of said plurality of platforms; and wherein adjusting the rotational position of the mirror array comprises rotating the plurality of platforms as a unit around the rotational axis. 15. The method according to claim 1, wherein the solar receiver comprises a conduit containing a heat transfer fluid, and wherein the method further comprises transferring said heat transfer fluid from the solar receiver to an external heat exchange system. 16. The method according to claim 1, wherein the solar receiver comprises a photovoltaic cell, and wherein the method further comprises transferring electricity from the solar receiver to an external load. 17. A method for harvesting solar energy using a solar-tower system including a raised solar receiver and mirror array comprising a plurality of flat mirrors, each flat mirror being selectively pivotable into a corresponding pivot angle around a corresponding unique pivot axis relative to a corresponding support structure, the method comprising: disposing the mirror array and solar receiver such that the plurality of flat mirrors are rotatable as a single unit around a rotational axis and such that the solar receiver is located at a substantially fixed position relative to all of the plurality of flat mirrors all rotational positions of the mirror array; adjusting the base structure's rotational position in accordance with the sun's azimuth angle such that sunlight is directed onto the mirror array from a fixed apparent azimuth angle at all times during daylight hours; and individually controlling the pivot angle of each of the plurality of flat mirrors in accordance with a current sun elevation angle such that sunlight is reflected by all of the plurality of flat mirrors onto the solar receiver. 18. A method for harvesting solar energy using a solar-tower system co-generation power plant, the co-generation power plant including a gas heat generator and a solar-tower system operably coupled to a steam generator, and a steam generator connected to receive steam from the steam generator, wherein the method comprises: utilizing the solar-tower system to generate steam in the steam generator during daylight hours; and utilizing the gas heat generator to generate steam in the steam generator during nighttime hours, wherein utilizing the solar-tower system comprises: disposing a mirror array and a solar receiver such that the plurality of flat mirrors are rotatable as a single unit around a rotational axis and such that the solar receiver is located at a substantially fixed position relative to all of the plurality of flat mirrors for all rotational positions of the mirror array around a rotational axis; adjusting a rotational position of the mirror array in accordance with the sun's azimuth angle such that sunlight is directed onto the mirror array along a fixed apparent azimuth angle at all times during daylight hours; and individually controlling a pivot angle of each of the plurality of flat mirrors in accordance with a current sun elevation angle such that sunlight is reflected by all of the plurality of flat mirrors onto the solar receiver; and transmitting a heat transfer fluid from the solar receiver to the steam generator. 