We describe a modular adjustable power factor renewable energy inverter system. The system comprises a plurality of inverter modules having a switched capacitor across its ac power output, a power measurement system coupled to a communication interface, and a power factor controller to control switching of the capacitor. A system controller receives power data from each inverter module, sums the net level of ac power from each inverter, determines a number of said capacitors to switch based on the sum, and sends control data to an appropriate number of the inverter modules to switch the determined number of capacitors into/out of said parallel connection across their respective ac power outputs.
Claims 1. A modular adjustable power factor renewable energy inverter system, the system comprising: a plurality of inverter modules each having a dc power input and an ac power output; a common grid power feed coupled to each said inverter module ac power output; and a system controller having a communications link to each said inverter module to receive power data from the inverter module and to send control data to the inverter, wherein each said inverter module further comprises: a series combination of a capacitor and a controllable switching device connected in parallel across said ac power output; a communication interface for communicating with said system controller; a power measurement system coupled to said communication interface to measure one or more parameters relating to a net level of ac power provided by said inverter module to said common grid power feed, and to provide power data, defining said net level of ac power provided, to said communications interface for transmission to said system controller; and a power factor controller, coupled to said communications interface to receive control data from said system controller, and coupled to said controllable switching device to control said switching device in response to said control data to switch said capacitor into/out of parallel connection across said ac power output of said inverter module; and wherein said system controller is configured to: receive said power data from each said inverter module; sum the net level of ac power from each said inverter module to determine a total net level of ac power provided by said plurality of inverter modules to said common grid power feed; determine a number of said capacitors to switch into/out of parallel connection across their respective said ac power outputs responsive to said total net level of ac power; and send control data to said inverter modules to switch said determined number of capacitors into/out of said parallel connections. 2. The modular adjustable power factor inverter system of claim 1, wherein said inverter system has a maximum rated ac power output from said common grid power feed, wherein said system controller is configured to determine a fraction of said maximum rated ac power output represented by said total net level of ac power provided by said plurality of inverter modules, and to determine said number of said capacitors responsive to said determined fraction. 3. The modular adjustable power factor inverter system of claim 2, wherein said system controller is configured to apply a threshold to said determined fraction such that when said determined fraction is less than a threshold fraction none of said capacitors are switched into parallel connection across their respective said ac power outputs. 4. The modular adjustable power factor inverter system of claim 3, wherein said system controller is configured such that as said determined fraction increases from said threshold fraction towards unity both said determined number of capacitors, and a number of said inverter modules controlled to switch in said capacitors, increases monotonically. 5. The modular adjustable power factor inverter system of claim 4, wherein said monotonic increase approximates a linear increase in displacement power factor of said inverter system. 6. The modular adjustable power factor inverter system of claim 1, wherein said power factor controller is configured to employ phase control to switch said capacitor into/out of said parallel connection to control a proportion of an ac cycle for which the capacitor is switched in, to provide a variable degree of power factor compensation wherein said system controller is configured to determine said proportion for an inverter module, wherein said control data includes phase control data defining said proportion for a said inverter module. 7. The modular adjustable power factor inverter system of claim 1, wherein said system controller further comprises a lookup table storing power factor compensation data defining said number of capacitors to switch into/out of said parallel connection dependent on said total net level of ac power, wherein said system controller is configured to determine said control data responsive to said power factor compensation data. 8. The modular adjustable power factor inverter system of claim 1, wherein said one or more parameters measured by said power measurement system comprise a sensed current provided by a said inverter module to said common grid power fed. 9. The modular adjustable power factor inverter system of claim 1, wherein said system controller employs open loop control of the displacement power factor of said inverter system. 10. The modular adjustable power factor inverter system of claim 1, wherein said common grid power feed is a three phase ac power feed, wherein said inverter system comprises three sets of said inverter modules, one coupled to each phase of said three phase ac power feed, wherein said system controller is configured to separately control a power factor of each said phase by receiving said power data, determining said number of capacitors, and sending said control data separately for each said set of said three sets of inverter modules. 11. The modular adjustable power factor inverter system of claim 1, wherein said controllable switching device comprises a triac, wherein said power factor controller is configured to generate one or more pulses per cycle of said ac power to turn said triac on, wherein said power factor controller is configured to initially control said triac on at a zero-crossing voltage of said ac power and later to control said triac using a single pulse or pulse train at substantially a peak voltage of said ac power. 12. The modular adjustable power factor inverter system of claim 1, wherein said power factor controller is configured to control a switching timing of each controllable switching device such that said switching device switches on at substantially a peak voltage point of a said ac power output. 13. The modular adjustable power factor inverter system of claim 1, wherein said communications link is an rf communications link of a wireless local area network, wherein said system controller and each of said inverter modules includes an rf local area network interface for communicating said power data and said control data over said wireless local area network. 14. The modular adjustable power factor inverter system of claim 1, wherein said renewable energy is solar power, wherein said inverter system is a solar inverter system, wherein said inverter modules are solar photovoltaic inverter modules. 15. A method of controlling power factor in a renewable energy inverter system, the method comprising: providing a plurality of inverter modules each having a dc power input and an ac power output; coupling the ac power output of each said inverter module to a common grid power feed; providing each said inverter module with at least one reactive element switchable to be connected to a said ac power output; and controlling a dissipation power factor of said inverter system by: monitoring the ac power provided to said common grid power feed by each said inverter module to determine a total ac power provided to said common grid feed by said plurality of inverter modules; determining a number of said inverter modules to control, dependent on a proportion of a maximum power output of said inverter system represented by said total ac power provided to said common grid feed; and controlling said determined number of inverter modules to switch said reactive element into the respective said ac power output to control the displacement power factor of said inverter system. 16. The method of claim 15 further comprising selecting one or both of a number of said inverter modules and a number of said switchable capacitors in each module to control said displacement power factor within a tolerance limit. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein said determining of said number of said inverter modules to control, dependent on said proportion of a maximum power output of said inverter systems represented by said total ac power provided to said common grid feed, comprises determining a number of inverters equal to zero below a threshold level of said proportion and determining a number of inverters which rises monotonically with increasing total ac power above said threshold level of said proportion. 18. The method of claim 15, wherein said controlling of switching of said reactive element comprises controlling a proportion of a cycle of said ac power for which the reactive element is switched into connection with said ac power output. 19. The method of claim 15, wherein said renewable energy is solar power, wherein said inverter system is a solar inverter system, wherein said inverter modules are photovoltaic inverter modules, wherein said reactive element comprises a capacitor switchable to be connected in parallel across said ac power output of a respective inverter. 20. A modular adjustable power factor renewable energy inverter system, the system comprising: a plurality of inverter modules each having a dc power input and an ac power output, each further comprising at least one reactive element switchable to be connected to a said ac power output; a common grid power feed coupled to each said inverter module ac power output; and a power factor controller for controlling a dissipation power factor of said inverter system, wherein said power factor controller is configured to: monitor the ac power provided to said common grid power feed by each said solar inverter module to determine a total ac power provided to said common grid feed by said plurality of inverter modules; determine a number of said inverter modules to control, dependent on a proportion of a maximum power output of said inverter system represented by said total ac power provided to said common grid feed; and control said determined number of inverter modules to switch said reactive element into the respective said ac power output to control the displacement power factor of said inverter system. 