A durable metal mooring cleat with a caged in and protected illumination source such as a solar lighting unit. The cleat body is designed with openings on top and sides to allow light to project from the illumination source. There is at least one access panel which allows persons easy access to the solar lighting unit without having to detach the cleat body from the surface mounted thereon. The access panel has an opening to allow visibility of the illumination source and sunlight to a solar panel. The solar powered mooring cleat provides fast installation without costly wiring or electrical cost as well it is conveniently designed for easy serviceability. The illumination provided at night makes it easily visible from all angles and thus adds to the safety of persons and watercraft operating around them.
Claims 1. A mooring cleat comprising a body with openings on top and sides where an embodied illumination source can emit and project light outward from said openings and at least one access panel to allow easy access and serviceability to said illumination source without detaching said cleat body from the surface mounted thereon. 2. A mooring cleat as set forth in claim 1 wherein said access panel is removable securable to said body and allows visibility of said illumination source. 3. A mooring cleat as set forth in claim 1 wherein said access panel does not interfere with mounting hardware that attaches said body to said surface mounted thereon. 4. A mooring cleat as set forth in claim 1 wherein said body is designed to cage in and protect said illumination source from the forces of ropes or lines attached to said body. 5. A mooring cleat as set forth in claim 1 wherein said body and said access panel is constructed of metal material. 6. A mooring cleat as set forth in claim 1 wherein a solar lighting unit may exist within said body providing a method for said illumination source emitting and projecting light through said windows. 7. A mooring cleat as set forth in claim 1 wherein said access panel allows a solar panel direct access or visibility to sunlight. 8. A mooring cleat as set forth in claim 1 wherein said illumination source is said solar lighting unit, comprising: (a.) A housing lens constructed of translucent material. (b.) A reflector to maximize light outward from said openings in said body (c.) Wherein said solar panel is connected to a circuit board which is connected to both a storage cell and light emitting diode. 9. A mooring cleat as set forth in claim 1 wherein said illumination source is a self contained. 10. A mooring cleat as set forth in claim 1 wherein said illumination source is recessed from said body to help protect said illumination source from said ropes or said lines attached to said body. 