A traffic safety system includes an enhanced reflective strip made from a flat, elongated flexible material having a plurality of layers. Preferably, the enhanced reflective strip includes a back layer having a plurality of LED's arranged in a pattern; a middle layer including weatherproofing material; and a front layer including a reflective material. Preferably, the enhanced reflective strip is installed in place of the top reflective band on a round construction drum or a construction barricade, though it could also be installed on any flat or round surface such as lane dividers, guardrails or water barriers. In a preferred embodiment of the present invention the enhanced reflective strip is installed on a construction drum and is solar powered. Preferably, a thin-film solar panel is attached to the top surface of the construction drum and the other components are placed inside the drum.
Claims 1. A traffic safety system, comprising: an enhanced reflective strip, the enhanced reflective strip including a flat, elongated flexible material having a plurality of layers, wherein one of the layers includes a series of lights arranged in a pattern, the lights visible to a driver when the enhanced reflective strip is attached to a roadway object; and a power source, the power source including a solar power source. 2. The traffic safety system of claim 1, wherein the series of lights is a strip of light emitting diodes (LED). 3. The traffic safety system of claim 2, further comprising a construction drum, the enhanced reflective strip attached to an outer surface of the construction drum and the power source including a thin-film solar panel and a solar power converter, the thin-film solar panel attached to an outside portion of the construction drum and the solar powered converter attached to an inside portion of the construction drum. 4. The traffic safety system of claim 3, wherein the power source further includes a removable, re-chargeable back-up battery pack attached to the inside portion of the construction drum. 5. The traffic safety system of claim 3, wherein the enhanced reflective strip is riveted to the construction drum. 6. The traffic safety system of claim 3, wherein the enhanced reflective strip is adhesively attached to the construction drum. 7. The traffic safety system of claim 1, wherein another one of the layers includes a reflective material, the reflective material including high-intensity prismatic sheeting. 8. The traffic safety system of claim 1, wherein another one of the layers includes weatherproofing material. 9. The traffic safety system of claim 3, further comprising a controller attached to the inside portion of the construction drum to control operation of the traffic safety system. 10. The traffic safety system of claim 1, wherein the enhanced reflective strips are between about 4 inches and 6 inches in width. 11. The traffic safety system of claim 3, wherein the traffic safety system meets all Manual of Uniform Traffic Control Devices (MUTCD) standards, as of the filing date of the present patent application. 12. The traffic safety system of claim 1, wherein the lights are capable of being in either steady burn mode or flashing mode. 13. The traffic safety system of claim 13, wherein, when in the flashing mode, flash rate is not less than 55 and not more than 75 flashes per minute. 14. The traffic safety system of claim 1, further including a light-sensitive automatic on/off switch. 15. A kit, comprising: an enhanced reflective strip; a thin-film solar panel; a solar power converter; a controller/battery box; and mounting equipment; wherein the enhanced reflective strip includes a flat, elongated flexible material having a plurality of layers, wherein one of the plurality of layers includes a series of LEDs arranged in a pattern. 16. The kit of claim 15, wherein the kit can be used to retrofit a construction drum by: attaching the enhanced reflective strip to an outer side portion of the construction drum; attaching the thin-film solar panel a top outside portion of the construction drum; and using the mounting equipment to: attach the solar power converter and the controller/battery box to an inside portion of the construction drum. 17. The kit of claim 15, wherein the enhanced reflective strip is riveted or adhesively attached to the construction drum. 18. The kit of claim 15, wherein another one of the layers includes a reflective material, the reflective material including high-intensity prismatic sheeting. 19. The kit of claim 15, wherein another one of the layers includes weatherproofing material. 20. The of claim 15, wherein a construction drum retrofitted using the kit meets all Manual of Uniform Traffic Control Devices (MUTCD) standards, as of the filing date of the present patent application. 