A photovoltaic storage and charging system for a vehicle includes a photovoltaic apparatus disposed on the vehicle for absorbing radiant energy and converting the absorbed radiant energy into electrical energy. At least one energy storage device stores the electrical energy from the photovoltaic apparatus, and the stored electrical power is available for use by the vehicle. An electrical energy converter is disposed between the photovoltaic apparatus and the energy storage device, to receive the electrical energy from the photovoltaic apparatus, boost the energy to a predetermined level for charging the energy storage device and deliver the boosted electrical energy to the energy storage device.
Claims 1-15. (canceled) 16. A photovoltaic storage and charging system for a vehicle comprising: a photovoltaic apparatus disposed on the vehicle for absorbing radiant energy and converting the absorbed radiant energy into electrical energy, wherein the photovoltaic apparatus includes a plurality of solar modules electrically isolated from each other, each solar module of the plurality of solar modules including a plurality of solar cells; at least one energy storage device for storing the electrical energy from the photovoltaic apparatus and delivering stored electrical power for use by the vehicle; and an electrical energy converter disposed between the photovoltaic apparatus and the energy storage device, wherein the converter is adapted to receive the electrical energy from the photovoltaic apparatus, boost the energy to a predetermined level for charging the energy storage device and delivering the boosted electrical energy to the energy storage device. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the energy storage device is a low voltage battery. 18. The system of claim 16, wherein the electrical energy converter is a low voltage DC/DC boost converter. 19. The system of claim 17, further comprising a high voltage battery and a high voltage bidirectional DC/DC converter coupled to the high voltage battery and the low voltage battery, to control energy flow between the low voltage battery and the high voltage battery based on a state of charge of the low voltage battery. 20. The system of claim 19, wherein a battery monitoring system monitors the state of charge of the low voltage battery to first charge the low voltage battery using electrical energy from the photovoltaic apparatus and then charge the high voltage battery using electrical energy from the photovoltaic apparatus. 21. The system of claim 20, wherein the photovoltaic system is coupled to the high voltage bidirectional DC/DC converter to operatively charge the high voltage battery. 22. The system of claim 21, further comprising an auxiliary power module adapted to monitor energy flow and boost or reduce voltage in the bidirectional energy distribution between the low voltage battery and high voltage battery. 23. The system of claim 22, further comprising a battery electronic control module that monitors and controls a state of charge of the high voltage battery. 24. The system of claim 16, wherein the electric storage device is coupled to at least one auxiliary vehicle component. 25. A method of storing and distributing solar energy for a vehicle comprising: collecting solar energy using a photovoltaic apparatus disposed on a vehicle, wherein the photovoltaic apparatus includes a plurality of solar modules electrically isolated from each other, and each solar module includes a plurality of solar cells, wherein the photovoltaic apparatus includes a plurality of solar modules electrically isolated from each other, each solar module of the plurality of solar modules including a plurality of solar cells; converting the solar energy to electrical energy by the photovoltaic apparatus solar cells; receiving the electrical energy from the photovoltaic apparatus by an electrical energy converter and boosting the electrical energy to a predetermined level for charging an energy storage device; and delivering the boosted electrical energy to the energy storage device. 26. The method of claim 25, wherein the energy storage device is a low voltage battery. 27. The method of claim 26, further comprising controlling energy flow between the low voltage battery and a high voltage battery based on a state of charge of the low voltage battery via a high voltage bidirectional DC/DC converter coupled to the high voltage battery. 28. The method of claim 27, further comprising: monitoring the state of charge of the low voltage battery; and charging, based on the monitored state of charge, the low voltage battery using electrical energy from the photovoltaic apparatus and then charging the high voltage battery using electrical energy from the photovoltaic apparatus. 29. The method of claim 27, further comprising: monitoring the energy flow; and boosting or reducing, based on the monitored energy flow, voltage in the bidirectional energy distribution between the low voltage battery and high voltage battery using an auxiliary power module. 30. The method of claim 25, further comprising distributing the stored energy for use in operating the vehicle. 31. The method of claim 25, further comprising operating each solar module of the plurality of solar modules at its maximum power point. 32. The system of claim 16, wherein each solar module of the plurality of solar modules is operated at its maximum power point. 33. The system of claim 16, wherein the electrical energy converter comprises a plurality of electrical energy converters, each electrical energy converter for boosting energy received from a corresponding solar module of the plurality of solar modules. 