The invention relates to an insulation monitoring device (IMD) in a non-grounded electrical DC grid (DC-IT System), particularly an electrical photovoltaic system (PV). Said device has a power supply unit (B), which is supplied with electrical energy from the electrical DC grid (DC-IT System). According to the invention a rechargeable energy store (C.sub.IMD) is present, in particular a capacitor with a charging diode (D) connected upstream. This is supplied with electrical energy (U.sub.IMD) via the electrical DC grid and supplies the power supply unit (B) in the event of a temporary failure of the electrical DC grid, so that continued operation of the insulation monitoring device (IMD) is possible until the non-grounded electrical DC grid is re-established. Advantageously, for continued operation of the insulation monitoring in the event of failure of the electrical DC grid the power supply unit (B) provides a preferably pulsed measurement voltage (U.sub.P), which is used in order to feed electrical energy into the electrical DC grid (DC-IT) via a coupling circuit (AS).
Claims 1. Device for monitoring the insulation resistance (IMD) of a non-grounded grid for providing DC voltage (DC-IT), in particular composed of an electrical photovoltaic system (PV), having a) a power supply unit (B) which is supplied with electrical energy from the non-grounded electrical DC grid (DC-IT System), characterized by b) a rechargeable energy store (C.sub.IMD), which b1) is supplied with electrical energy (U.sub.IMD) via the non-grounded electrical DC grid (DC-IT System), and which b2) supplies the power supply unit (B) in the event of a temporary failure of the non-grounded electrical DC grid (DC-IT System), so that continued operation of the insulation monitoring device (IMD) is possible until the non-grounded electrical DC grid (DC-IT System) is re-established. 2. The device according to claim 1, wherein in order to enable continued operation of the insulation monitoring in the event of a temporary failure of the non-grounded electrical DC grid (DC-IT System), the power supply unit (B) provides a measurement voltage (U.sub.P), which is used to supply electrical energy into the electrical DC grid (DC-IT System), in particular via a coupling circuit (AS). 3. The device according to claim 2, wherein the measurement voltage (U.sub.P) fed into the non-grounded electrical DC grid (DC-IT System) is pulsed. 4. The device according to claim 1, wherein the power supply unit (B) a) has a DC voltage transformer (U2) for supplying hardware components (AS, C) of the insulation monitoring device (IMD), which is supplied with electrical energy (U.sub.IMD) via the non-grounded electrical DC grid (DC-IT System), and b) the rechargeable energy store (C.sub.ND) is connected upstream of the input to the DC voltage transformer (U2). 5. The device according to claim 4, wherein in the power supply unit (B) a) a switching power supply unit (U1) is connected upstream of the DC voltage transformer (U2) and is supplied with electrical energy (U.sub.IMD) via the non-grounded electrical DC grid (DC-IT System), and b) the rechargeable energy store (C.sub.IMD) is connected in parallel between the combination of DC voltage transformer (U2) and switching power supply unit (U1). 6. The device according to claim 1, wherein the rechargeable energy store (C.sub.IMD) is embodied as a capacitor with a charging diode (D) connected upstream. 7. System with a device for insulation monitoring (IMD) according to claim 1, which has a) an inverter (WR) which feeds the electrical energy provided by the non-grounded electrical DC grid (DC-IT System) into a non-grounded electrical AC voltage grid (AC-IT), and wherein b) the rechargeable energy store (C.sub.IMD) is supplied with electrical energy (U.sub.IMD) via the inverter (WR). 8. The system according to claim 7, wherein the inverter (WR) has a DC voltage intermediate circuit (GZ), from which the electrical energy (U.sub.IMD) is tapped off to supply the rechargeable energy store (C.sub.IMD). 9. The device according to any claim 2, wherein the power supply unit (B) a) has a DC voltage transformer (U2) for supplying hardware components (AS, C) of the insulation monitoring device (IMD), which is supplied with electrical energy (U.sub.IMD) via the non-grounded electrical DC grid (DC-IT System), and b) the rechargeable energy store (C.sub.IMD) is connected upstream of the input to the DC voltage transformer (U2). 10. The device according to claim 3, wherein the power supply unit (B) a) has a DC voltage transformer (U2) for supplying hardware components (AS, C) of the insulation monitoring device (IMD), which is supplied with electrical energy (U.sub.IMD) via the non-grounded electrical DC grid (DC-IT System), and b) the rechargeable energy store (C.sub.IMD) is connected upstream of the input to the DC voltage transformer (U2). 11. The device according to claim 2, wherein the rechargeable energy store (C.sub.IMD) is embodied as a capacitor with a charging diode (D) connected upstream. 12. The device according to claim 3, wherein the rechargeable energy store (C.sub.IMD) is embodied as a capacitor with a charging diode (D) connected upstream. 13. The device according to claim 4, wherein the rechargeable energy store (C.sub.IMD) is embodied as a capacitor with a charging diode (D) connected upstream. 14. The device according to claim 5, wherein the rechargeable energy store (C.sub.IMD) is embodied as a capacitor with a charging diode (D) connected upstream. 15. System with a device for insulation monitoring (IMD) according to claim 2, which has a) an inverter (WR) which feeds the electrical energy provided by the non-grounded electrical DC grid (DC-IT System) into a non-grounded electrical AC voltage grid (AC-IT), and wherein b) the rechargeable energy store (C.sub.IMD) is supplied with electrical energy (U.sub.IMD) via the inverter (WR). 16. System with a device for insulation monitoring (IMD) according to claim 3, which has a) an inverter (WR) which feeds the electrical energy provided by the non-grounded electrical DC grid (DC-IT System) into a non-grounded electrical AC voltage grid (AC-IT), and wherein b) the rechargeable energy store (C.sub.IMD) is supplied with electrical energy (U.sub.IMD) via the inverter (WR). 17. System with a device for insulation monitoring (IMD) according to claim 4, which has a) an inverter (WR) which feeds the electrical energy provided by the non-grounded electrical DC grid (DC-IT System) into a non-grounded electrical AC voltage grid (AC-IT), and wherein b) the rechargeable energy store (C.sub.IMD) is supplied with electrical energy (U.sub.IMD) via the inverter (WR). 18. System with a device for insulation monitoring (IMD) according to claim 5, which has a) an inverter (WR) which feeds the electrical energy provided by the non-grounded electrical DC grid (DC-IT System) into a non-grounded electrical AC voltage grid (AC-IT), and wherein b) the rechargeable energy store (C.sub.ND) is supplied with electrical energy (U.sub.IMD) via the inverter (WR). 19. System with a device for insulation monitoring (IMD) according to claim 6, which has a) an inverter (WR) which feeds the electrical energy provided by the non-grounded electrical DC grid (DC-IT System) into a non-grounded electrical AC voltage grid (AC-IT), and wherein b) the rechargeable energy store (C.sub.IMD) is supplied with electrical energy (U.sub.IMD) via the inverter (WR). 