A device for monitoring a heating apparatus that includes a default deactivated motion detector for determining whether a person is proximate the heating apparatus. The device includes a default deactivated heat sensor for determining whether the heating apparatus has a temperature that is above a threshold. The device includes an internal timer for cyclically repeating a first countdown. The heat sensor is temporarily activated once during each of the repeated first countdowns. The internal timer performs a second countdown when the activated heat sensor determines that the heating apparatus has the temperature that is above the threshold. The second countdown is reset each time the motion detector determines that a person is proximate the heating apparatus. The device includes an alarm configured to notify a user when the internal timer reaches the end of the second countdown.
Claims 1. A device for monitoring a heating apparatus comprising: a motion detector configured to determine whether a person is proximate the heating apparatus, wherein the motion detector is default deactivated; a heat sensor configured to determine whether the heating apparatus has a temperature that is above a threshold, wherein the heat sensor is default deactivated; an internal timer configured to cyclically repeat a first countdown, and wherein the heat sensor is temporarily activated once during each of the repeated first countdowns, and wherein the internal timer is configured to perform a second countdown when the activated heat sensor determines that the heating apparatus has the temperature that is above the threshold, and wherein the second countdown is reset each time the motion detector determines that a person is proximate the heating apparatus; and an alarm configured to notify a user when the internal timer reaches the end of the second countdown. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the heat sensor is an infrared sensor. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein the alarm is an audible alarm. 4. The device of claim 1, wherein the device is encased into a kitchen apparatus with a secondary use, wherein the kitchen apparatus is selected from the group consisting of a knife holder, a spice rack, a utensil, a clock, a coffee maker, a tea pot, and a vase. 5. The device of claim 1, wherein the heat sensor is configured to determine when the temperature of the heating apparatus is steadily declining. 6. The device of claim 5, wherein the heat sensor and the motion sensor are configured to deactivate when the heat sensor determines that the temperature of the heating apparatus is steadily declining. 7. The device of claim 1, wherein the device is at least one of battery powered and solar powered. 8. The device of claim 1, further comprising an input interface configured to allow a user to at least one of shorten and extend a period of least one of the first countdown and the second countdown. 9. The device of claim 1, wherein the device is hangable from a ceiling. 10. The device of claim 1, further comprising a remote alarm in communication with the device configured to notify a user when the internal timer reaches the end of the second countdown. 11. The device of claim 1, wherein the device is always in an "on" state while the device is powered. 12. A method for monitoring a heating apparatus, the method comprising: repeating a first countdown of a first set period with a timer; activating a heat sensor at the end of each of the repeated first countdowns, the heat sensor configured to determine whether the heating apparatus has a temperature that is above a threshold; performing a second countdown of a second set period with the timer when the heat sensor determines that the heating apparatus has the temperature that is above the threshold; detecting motion with a motion sensor when the heat sensor determines that the heating apparatus has a temperature that is above the threshold; resetting the second countdown when motion is detected by the motion sensor; and alarming a user with an alarm when the timer reaches the end of the second countdown. 13. The method of claim 12, further comprising providing a single device to house the timer, the heat sensor, the motion sensor, and the alarm. 14. The method of claim 12, further comprising deactivating the first countdown of the timer when the timer is performing the second countdown. 15. The method of claim 12, further comprising intermittently detecting the temperature of the heating apparatus during the second countdown. 16. The method of claim 12, wherein the heat sensor and the motion sensor are default deactivated. 17. The method of claim 12, further comprising manually deactivating the alarm by a user. 18. The method of claim 12, wherein the alarm is a remote alarm. 19. A device for monitoring a heating apparatus comprising: a motion detector configured to determine whether a person is proximate the heating apparatus; a heat sensor configured to determine whether the heating apparatus has a temperature that is above a threshold; an internal timer configured to cyclically repeat a first countdown, and wherein the heat sensor is temporarily activated at least once during each of the repeated first countdowns, and wherein the internal timer is configured to perform a second countdown when the activated heat sensor determines that the heating apparatus has the temperature that is above the threshold, and wherein the second countdown is reset each time the motion detector determines that a person is proximate the heating apparatus; and a means for notifying a user when the internal timer reaches the end of the second countdown; and wherein the internal timer is configured to stop the second countdown and revert back to the first countdown when the heat sensor determines at least one of: that the temperature is below the threshold; and that the temperature of the heating apparatus is steadily declining. 20. The device of claim 19, further comprising an input interface configured to allow a user to at least one of shorten and extend a period of least one of the first countdown and the second countdown. 21. The device of claim 19, wherein the device is encased into a kitchen apparatus with a secondary use, wherein the kitchen apparatus is selected from the group consisting of a knife holder, a spice rack, a utensil, a clock, a coffee maker, a tea pot, and a vase. 22. The device of claim 19, wherein the heat sensor and the motion sensor are default deactivated. 23. The device of claim 19, wherein the heat sensor and the motion sensor are configured to deactivate when the heat sensor determines at least one of: that the temperature is below the threshold; and that the temperature of the heating apparatus is steadily declining. 24. The device of claim 19, wherein the means for notifying a user when the internal timer reaches the end of the second countdown is a remote alarm. 25. The device of claim 19, wherein the device is always in an "on" state while the device is powered. 