A system includes a solar power subsystem that receives power from one or more solar power arrays. A storage control subsystem is coupled to the solar power subsystem to charge a battery from the power received by the solar power subsystem. A grid power control subsystem having an AC to DC converter receives power from a power grid and provides DC voltage to the storage control subsystem. A balance of system control system controls the amount of power received from the power grid as a function of a load, battery charge and received power by the solar power subsystem. The solar array and battery may be sized to provide sufficient power under normal operating conditions, with power being drawn from the grid during abnormal operation conditions.
Claims 1. A method comprising: receiving power from a solar array; using the received power from the solar array to charge a battery; applying power from the battery to power multiple loads; monitoring power consumed by loads; and supplying a reduced power to selected loads as a function of power received from the solar array and available battery power. 2. The method of claim 1 and further comprising: determining a power requirement to power a load in normal operating conditions; and determining sizes for the solar array and the battery to provide sufficient power to the load during normal operating conditions. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein power is drawn from the grid during abnormal operating conditions. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein abnormal operating conditions are defined as within selected boundary operating conditions. 5. The method of claim 4 wherein the size of the solar array is no larger than that needed to supply sufficient power to the load within the selected boundary operating conditions. 6. The method of claim 1 and further comprising: monitoring a battery drain rate; determining expected power to be received from the solar array; determining if the battery has sufficient power to power the loads prior to the solar array providing power to sufficiently power the loads at reduced power and recharge the battery; and drawing power from the grid if sufficient power from the solar array is not expected. 7. The method of claim 1 and further comprising turning off selected loads when insufficient power from the batter and solar array is available. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein the reduced power is provided to selected loads as a function of a predetermined priority for each load. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein power is reduced as a function of time of day. 10. The method of claim 1 wherein the battery is charged in accordance with a charge profile for the battery dependent on battery size and chemistry. 11. A method comprising: receiving power from a solar array; using the received power from the solar array to charge a battery; applying power from the battery to power multiple loads; monitoring a battery drain rate; determining expected power to be received from the solar array; determining if the battery has sufficient available power to power the loads prior to the solar array providing power to sufficiently power the loads and recharge the battery; and supplying a reduced power to selected loads as a function of power received from the solar array and available battery power. 12. A method comprising: determining total power requirements for multiple loads for operation during normal operating conditions; determining sizes for a solar array and a battery to provide sufficient power to the loads during normal operating conditions; selecting a controller to control providing power to the loads and charging battery such that power is drawn from a grid connection during operation outside normal operating conditions; monitoring power from the load, wherein the load comprises multiple loads; and supplying a reduced power to selected loads as a function of power received from the solar array and available battery power. 13. A system comprising: a solar power subsystem that receives power from one or more solar power arrays; a storage control subsystem coupled to the solar power subsystem to charge a battery from the power received by the solar power subsystem; a battery monitor to determine if the battery has sufficient power to power multiple loads; and an application control subsystem to monitor power needed by the loads, and to provide a reduced power to selected loads as a function of power received from the solar array and available battery power. 14. The system of claim 13 wherein the solar power arrays include photovoltaic arrays. 15. The system of claim 13 wherein the solar power arrays have a size limited to provide sufficient power under normal operating conditions. 16. The system of claim 13 and further comprising: an application control subsystem to monitor power needed by the load, and to reduce power provided to selected loads as a function of power received form the solar array and available battery power. 17. The system of claim 16 wherein the application control subsystem turns off selected loads when insufficient power from the battery and solar array is available. 18. The system of claim 16 wherein power is reduced to selected loads as a function of a predetermined priority for each load. 19. The system of claim 16 wherein power is reduced as a function of time of day. 20. The system of claim 13 wherein the storage control subsystem comprises multiple batteries and wherein each battery is charged in accordance with a charge profile for the battery dependent on battery size and chemistry. 