Methods and systems for monitoring biometric and/or environmental data of a user are provided. The user monitoring system includes a dental appliance configured to fit substantially inside a mouth of a user, a temperature sensor for measuring user temperature, a pressure sensor for measuring pressure exerted by the user, and a processor for acquiring and processing temperature and pressure data of the user. The user monitoring system may communicate with an observer monitoring system. In some embodiments, the user monitoring system also measures one or more of blood oxygen saturation level, proper placement of the dental appliance, ambient air temperature, light levels and respiration rate.
Claims 1. A computerized monitoring system for monitoring data of a user, the monitoring system comprising: a dental appliance configured to fit substantially inside a mouth of a user; at least one temperature sensor incorporated into the dental appliance, and wherein the at least one temperature sensor is configured to monitor temperature data of the user; at least one pressure sensor incorporated into the dental appliance, and wherein the at least one pressure sensor is configured to measure pressure exerted by the user; and a processor incorporated into the dental appliance, wherein the processor is coupled to the at least one temperature sensor and to the at least one pressure sensor, wherein the processor is configured to acquire and process temperature data from the at least one temperature sensor, and wherein the processor is further configured to acquire and process pressure data from the at least one pressure sensor. 2. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising an indicator coupled to the processor, wherein the indicator is configured to indicate at least one of a temperature indication and a pressure indication from the processor. 3. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising a transmitter coupled to the processor. 4. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising a transceiver coupled to the processor. 5. The monitoring system of claim 3 wherein the transmitter is incorporated into the dental appliance, and wherein the transmitter is configured to transmit data from the processor wirelessly to an external observer monitoring system. 6. The monitoring system of claim 3 wherein the transmitter is incorporated into the dental appliance, wherein the transmitter is a short range transmitter configured to transmit data from the processor to a repeater located in close proximity to the transmitter, and wherein the repeater is configured to relay data from the transmitter to an external receiver. 7. The monitoring system of claim 6 wherein the repeater is incorporated into or attached to an article of clothing worn by the user. 8. The monitoring system of claim 7 wherein the article of clothing is one of a helmet, a footwear and a wearable electronic device. 9. The monitoring system of claim 3 wherein the transmitter is located outside the mouth of the user, wherein the transmitter is coupled to the processor via a physical connection, and wherein the transmitter is configured to transmit data from the processor wirelessly to an external observer monitoring system. 10. The monitoring system of claim 9 wherein the physical connection includes at least one of an electrical connection, an optical connection, and/or a sonic connection. 11. The monitoring system of claim 9 wherein the physical connection is incorporated into a tether coupling the dental appliance to an article of clothing worn by the user. 12. The monitoring system of claim 11 wherein the article of clothing is a helmet. 13. The monitoring system of claim 11 wherein the tether includes a power connection between the dental appliance and an external power source. 14. The monitoring system of claim 13 wherein the external power source is at least one of a solar power source, a battery, and a fuel cell. 15. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising an airflow sensor incorporated into the dental appliance and configured to measure and send airflow directional data to the processor, thereby enabling the processor to compute a respiration rate of the user. 16. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising an air-pressure sensor incorporated into the dental appliance and configured to measure and send air-pressure data to the processor, thereby enabling the processor to compute a respiration rate of the user. 17. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein the dental appliance also includes an extension configured to extend outside the mouth of the user. 18. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein the extension is a lip protector configured to protect lips and teeth of the user. 19. The monitoring system of claim 17 wherein the extension configured to couple to a power source. 20. The monitoring system of claim 17 wherein the extension includes a temperature sensor for measuring ambient temperature. 21. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising a microphone and an audio transducer configured to facilitate audio communications between the user and at least one of another user and an observer. 22. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein the at least one pressure sensor is activated by a tongue of the user and contact with at least one of an upper palette, a lower palette and teeth of the user. 23. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein the processor is coupled to a power storage device incorporated into the dental appliance and configured to accept an electrical charge from an external charger. 24. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein the processor is coupled to an input-output device incorporated into the dental appliance and configured to dock to an external observer monitor for downloading and uploading of data to and from the processor. 25. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising a hydration sensor incorporated into the dental appliance and configured to sense a hydration level of the user. 26. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising a positional sensor incorporated into the dental appliance and configured to sense a geographical position of the user. 27. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising a receptacle configured to store and release an edible substance. 28. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein the processor is further configured to cleanse the temperature data and the pressure data. 29. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein the at least one pressure sensor is activated by the dental appliance contacting with at least one of an upper palette, a lower palette and teeth of the user. 30. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising a carrying case configured to store at least one dental appliance, and wherein the carrying case is coupled to a power source to accept an electrical charge from an external charger for the monitoring system. 31. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising a radiation sensor configured to measure ambient radiation level. 32. The monitoring system of claim 4 wherein the data communication is bidirectional between the dental appliance and an external observer monitoring system. 33. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising at least one biological hazard detector. 34. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising at least one chemical hazard detector. 35. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising at least one force sensor incorporated into the dental appliance and wherein the at least one force sensor is configured to measure force experienced by the user. 36. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising a pulse oximeter coupled to the processor, wherein the processor is further configured to compute oxygen saturation in the user's blood. 37. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising a capnometer coupled to the processor, wherein the processor is further configured to compute the amount of carbon dioxide in the user's breath. 38. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising at least one exhaled air sensor configured to acquire and analyze an air sample of the user. 39. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising at least one receptacle to capture a sample of at least one of saliva and air from the user. 40. The monitoring system of claim 39 wherein the processor is further configured to associate a time stamp with the sample from the user. 41. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising a kinetic energizer configured to utilize kinetic energy from the compression of the user's bite. 42. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising an inductive energizer. 43. The monitoring system of claim 4 further comprising the capability to wirelessly send and receive data and notifications with a second monitoring system. 44. The monitoring system of claim 17 wherein the extension includes an atmospheric pressure sensor for measuring ambient air pressure. 45. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising an optical sensor configured to measure light levels. 46. A computerized method for monitoring data of a user using a dental appliance configured to fit substantially inside a mouth of the user, the monitoring method comprising: measuring temperature data of a user using at least one temperature sensor incorporated into the dental appliance, the dental appliance configured to fit substantially inside a mouth of the user; measuring pressure exerted by the user using at least one pressure sensor incorporated into the dental appliance; and acquiring the temperature data from the at least one temperature sensor and processing the acquired temperature data using a processor incorporated into the dental appliance; and acquiring the pressure data from the at least one pressure sensor and processing the acquired pressure data using the processor of the dental appliance. 47. The method of claim 46 further comprising providing at least one of a temperature indication and a pressure indication from the processor. 48. The method of claim 46 further comprising transmitting data from the monitoring system. 49. The method of claim 48 further comprising receiving data for the monitoring system. 50. The method of claim 46 further comprising computing oxygen saturation in the user's blood. 51. The method of claim 46 wherein the at least one pressure sensor is activated by the dental appliance contacting with at least one of an upper palette, a lower palette and teeth of the user. 52. The method of claim 46 wherein the data communication is bidirectional between the dental appliance and an external observer monitoring system. 53. The method of claim 46 further comprising measuring ambient air temperature. 54. The method of claim 46 further comprising measuring light levels. 55. The method of claim 46 further comprising computing a respiration rate of the user. 56. A computerized monitoring system for monitoring data of a user and providing the user data to an observer, the monitoring system comprising: at least one user monitoring system having: a dental appliance configured to fit substantially inside a mouth of a user; at least one temperature sensor incorporated into the dental appliance, and wherein the at least one temperature sensor is configured to monitor temperature data of the user; at least one pressure sensor incorporated into the dental appliance, and wherein the at least one pressure sensor is configured to measure pressure exerted by the user; a processor incorporated into the dental appliance, wherein the processor is coupled to the at least one temperature sensor and to the at least one pressure sensor, wherein the processor is further configured to acquire and process temperature data from the at least one temperature sensor, and wherein the processor is further configured to acquire and process pressure data from the at least one pressure sensor; and a transmitter configured to transmitting the processed temperature data and the processed pressure data from the processor; and at least one observer monitoring system having: a receiver configured to receive the processed temperature data and the processed pressure data from the transmitter of the user monitoring system; and an interface configured to provide the processed temperature data and the processed pressure data from the receiver to an observer. 