A method and system of measuring a frame rate with an imaging device may include, capturing images of a number of frames of at least a portion of a series of frames output on a display device, determining if consecutive images of the captured images are different.
Claims 1. A method of frame rate measurement, comprising: with an imaging device, capturing images of a number of frames of at least a portion of a series of frames output on a display device; determining if consecutive images of the captured images are different, in which, if consecutive images are different, then incrementing a counter; and dividing the number indicated by the counter by a duration of the series of frames to produce said frame rate. 2. The method of claim 1, in which, if consecutive images of the captured images are not different, then determining if the next two consecutive images of the captured images are different, in which the next two consecutive images are the second image of the previous set of consecutive images and the next image after the second image of the previous set of consecutive images. 3. The method of claim 1, in which determining if consecutive images are different comprises applying a comparison algorithm to two consecutive images. 4. The method of claim 3, in which the comparison algorithm is at least one of an absolute error (AE) count algorithm; a mean absolute error (MAE) algorithm; a mean squared error (MSE) algorithm; a peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) algorithm; a root mean squared error (RMSE) algorithm; a normalized sum of squared differences (root mean squared error) (NRMSE) algorithm; a normalized cross correlation algorithm; a histogram comparison algorithm; a hash algorithm; and time-frequency transform algorithms in which resulting coefficients are compared. 5. The method of claim 1, in which the imaging device captures an image at least twice as fast as a frame rate of the source. 6. The method of claim 1, in which the imaging device is at least one of a camera, a video camera, a web camera, and a photodetector. 7. The method of claim 1, further comprising: adding a test signal to the series of frames, in which the test signal changes for each frame in the series of frames, the changes defining a pattern; with the imaging device, capturing images of a number of frames of at least a portion of the series of frames; determining if consecutive images of the captured images are different by detecting changes in the pattern; incrementing a counter for each change in the pattern detected; and dividing the number indicated by the counter by the duration of the series of frames. 8. A method of measuring frame rate comprising: adding a test signal to the series of frames, in which the test signal changes for each frame in the series of frames, the changes defining a pattern; with an imaging device, capturing images of a number of frames of at least a portion of the series of frames; and detecting a number of different frames within the images by detecting changes in the pattern. 9. The method of claim 8, in which the imaging device is a frame-grabber, the method further comprising, with the frame-grabber, capturing images of a number of frames of at least a portion of the series of frames. 10. The method of claim 8, further comprising transmitting the combined test signal and series of frames to a display device, and, with the imaging device, capturing images of a number of frames of at least a portion of the series of frames as output by the display device. 11. A system for measuring frame rate, comprising: a transmitter to transmit a series of frames; a receiver to render the series of frames; an imaging device to capture images of individual frames within the series of frames; and a computing device communicatively coupled to the imaging device for determining the frame rate based on the images of the frames captured by the imaging device. 12. The system of claim 11, further comprising a display device, in which the receiver renders the series of frames on the display device, and the imaging device captures images of the frames within the series of frames. 13. The system of claim 12, in which the display device is at least one of a liquid crystal display (LCD), a light-emitting diode (LED) display, an organic light emitting diode (OLED) display, a plasma display panel, a televisions, a computer monitor, a high-definition television, and a cathode ray tube (CRT) display. 14. The system of claim 11, in which the imaging device is at least one of a photodiode, a photodetector, a photosensor, a light emitting diode (LED), a charge coupled device (CCD), and a solar cell. 15. The system of claim 11, in which the imaging device is an array of at least one of photodiodes, photodetectors, photosensors, light emitting diodes (LEDs), charge coupled devices (CCDs), solar cells, and combinations thereof. 16. The system of claim 11, in which the imaging device captures an image at least twice as fast as a frame rate output by the receiver. 17. The system of claim 11, in which each frame of the series of frames is combined with a test signal, and in which the test signal changes for each frame in the series of frames, the changes defining a pattern, and In which the computing device detects a number of different frames within the images by detecting changes in the pattern. 18. The system of claim 17, in which the imaging device is a frame-grabber directly coupled to the receiver. 19. The system of claim 17, in which the test signal is provided by at least one of the computing device, a separate computing device, and a standalone pattern generator. 20. The system of claim 17, further comprising a display device, in which the receiver renders the series of frames on the display device, and the imaging device captures images of the frames within the series of frames as output by the display device. 