The invention relates to a facility (20) for producing electric current using solar radiation, which is built into a building (1) and includes at least one photovoltaic generator (22) as well as a short-circuiting switch (80) suitable for establishing and maintaining a short-circuit across the terminals (24, 26) of the photovoltaic generator (22) by means of an electrically conductive connector. The short-circuiting switch (80) is activated by a control means (66) arranged in a pre-determined portion (60) of the building (1) or the surroundings thereof. According to the security method of the invention, a short-circuit is established and maintained across the terminals (24, 26) of the photovoltaic generator (22) by means of an electrically conductive connector, thus preventing a power grid (4) specific to the building from remaining supplied with current and live.
Claims 1-13. (canceled) 14. A facility for producing electric current using solar radiation, this facility being built into a building and including at least one photovoltaic generator, and a short-circuiting switch suitable for establishing and maintaining a short-circuit across the terminals of the photovoltaic generator, wherein this short-circuiting switch is adapted to maintain the short circuit using an electrically conductive connector bridge, and in that the short-circuiting switch is activated by a control means arranged in a predetermined portion of the building or the surroundings thereof. 15. The facility according to claim 14, wherein the predetermined portion of the building also contains means for monitoring the supply of current from a public distribution grid for electric current. 16. The facility according to claim 14, wherein the predetermined portion of the building also contains means for monitoring the supply of gas from a public gas distribution grid or a tank. 17. The facility according to claim 14, wherein the facility also comprises a converter for converting direct current into alternating current and in that the short-circuiting switch is mounted so that it establishes or maintains simultaneously, using the electrically conductive connector bridge, the short circuit across the terminals of the photovoltaic generator and across the terminals of the current converter. 18. The facility according to claim 14, wherein the short-circuiting switch is actuated from an energy source distinct from the energy grid of the building. 19. The facility according to claim 18, wherein the energy source is electric and the short-circuiting switch comprises an electric actuator powered from that source. 20. The facility according to claim 19, wherein the electric energy source is supplied with current by the photovoltaic generator during normal operation of the facility. 21. The facility according to claim 20, wherein the energy source is pneumatic and the short-circuiting switch comprises a pneumatic actuator powered from that source. 22. The facility according to claim 14, wherein the short-circuiting switch mechanically actuated by a member connected to the aforementioned control means or by a member that can be actuated locally, close to the short-circuiting switch. 23. The facility according to claim 14, wherein it comprises means for signaling the implementation of the short-circuiting switch. 24. The facility according to claim 23, wherein the signaling means is arranged in the predetermined portion of the building. 25. The facility according to claim 23, wherein the signaling means is arranged close to the short-circuiting switch. 26. A method for securing a building equipped with a facility for producing electric current from the solar radiation, comprising at least one photovoltaic generator, wherein it comprises a step consisting of establishing and maintaining, using an electrically conductive connector bridge, a short circuit across the terminals of the photovoltaic generator. 