According to one embodiment, a smart photovoltaic (PV) panel comprises a plurality of PV cell groups each including at least one PV cell. The smart PV panel also includes at least one serial boost combiner circuit (SBCC) configured to receive an output from the plurality of PV cell groups as inputs. Each SBCC comprises several boost blocks connected in parallel, each of the boost blocks including a switching device and a respective boost block output directly connected to an output node of the SBCC. In addition a corresponding power terminal of each of the switching devices is directly connected to a common ground node of the SBCC. In one embodiment, the smart PV panel also includes a power inverter coupled to the one or more SBCCs and a communication unit interfaced with a local controller.
Claims 1. A smart photovoltaic (PV) panel including a local controller, said smart PV panel comprising: a first plurality of PV cell groups, each of said first plurality of PV cell groups including at least one PV cell; at least one serial boost combiner circuit configured to receive a respective output from said first plurality of PV cell groups as inputs; said at least one serial boost combiner circuits comprising: a second plurality of boost blocks connected in parallel, each of said second plurality of boost blocks including a switching device and a respective boost block output directly connected to an output node of said serial boost combiner circuit; a corresponding power terminal of each said switching device directly connected to a common ground node of said serial boost combiner circuit. 2. The smart PV panel of claim 1, wherein said at least one serial boost combiner circuit further comprises a storage capacitor coupled between said output node and said common ground node. 3. The smart PV panel of claim 1, wherein a corresponding another power terminal of each said switching device of said at least one serial boost combiner circuit is coupled to said respective boost block output by a respective diode. 4. The smart PV panel of claim 1, wherein an input to each of said second plurality of boost blocks is coupled to said respective boost block output by a respective inductor and a respective diode connected in series. 5. The smart PV panel of claim 4, wherein a corresponding another power terminal of each said switching device of said at least one serial boost combiner circuit is coupled to a node between said respective inductor and said respective diode. 6. The smart PV panel of claim 1, wherein each of said first plurality of PV cell groups comprises six PV cells. 7. The smart PV panel of claim 1, wherein said second plurality of boost blocks connected in parallel comprises six boost blocks. 8. The smart PV panel of claim 1, further comprising: a power inverter coupled to said at least one serial boost combiner circuit; said local controller configured to provide power regulation for said first plurality of PV cell groups; and a communication unit interfaced with said local controller, said communication unit configured to exchange state information with at least one other smart PV panel over a communication network. 9. The smart PV panel of claim 8, implemented as one of a third plurality of smart PV panels deployable as a smart solar energy collection array linked by said communication network. 10. The smart PV panel of claim 9, wherein power regulation across said third plurality of networked smart PV panels is distributed among the respective local controllers of said third plurality of smart PV panels. 11. A method for implementation by a smart photovoltaic (PV) panel controller to regulate power, said method comprising: receiving PV cell power by an at least one serial boost combiner circuit of said smart PV panel; combining said PV cell power by said at least one serial boost combiner to produce a low voltage output from said at least one serial boost combiner circuit; determining a panel output voltage of said smart PV panel corresponding to a bus voltage of a power bus connecting a plurality of smart PV panels including said smart PV panel; boosting said low voltage output to said panel output voltage. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising exchanging state information with other smart PV panels of said plurality of smart PV panels over a communication network. 13. The method of claim 12, further comprising adjusting a performance of said smart PV panel in response to said exchanging of state information so as to provide distributed power regulation for said plurality of smart PV panels. 14. A serial boost combiner circuit comprising: a plurality of boost blocks connected in parallel; each of said plurality of boost blocks including a switching device and a respective boost block output directly connected to an output node of said serial boost combiner circuit; wherein a corresponding power terminal of each said switching device is directly connected to a common ground node of said serial boost combiner circuit. 15. The serial boost combiner circuit of claim 14, further comprising a storage capacitor coupled between said output node and said common ground node. 16. The serial boost combiner circuit of claim 14, wherein a corresponding another power terminal of each said switching device is coupled to said respective boost block output by a respective diode. 17. The serial boost combiner circuit of claim 14, wherein an input to each of said plurality of boost blocks is coupled to said respective boost block output by a respective inductor and a respective diode connected in series. 18. The serial boost combiner circuit of claim 17, wherein a corresponding another power terminal of each said switching device is coupled to a node between said respective inductor and said respective diode. 19. The serial boost combiner circuit of claim 14, wherein said plurality of boost blocks connected in parallel comprises six boost blocks. 20. The serial boost combiner circuit of claim 14, wherein said serial boost combiner circuit is implemented in a smart photovoltaic (PV) panel. 