A robust and low-cost design to add graphics panels to a sun tracking, solar panel mounting system that can be mounted on a wide range of light poles and power poles. This design uses the promotional value of the applied graphics to further improve the economics of the solar installation resource to help speed the adoption of this distributed power generation resource.
Claims 1. A graphic sign solar panel mounting apparatus, comprising: a mounting structure configured to support at least one solar panel to generate electricity and to attach to pole structures; and one or more graphic signs attached to sides of the mounting bracket; wherein said mounting bracket comprises fasteners attaching the graphic signs to the mounting bracket; wherein said graphic signs provide advertising or promotional value that supplement the value of the power generated by said at least one solar panel. 2. The graphic sign solar panel mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein said mounting structure is attached to a utility power pole. 3. The graphic sign solar panel mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein said mounting structure is attached to a generic pole structure. 4. The graphic sign solar panel mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein the graphic signs are backlit for illumination to enhance viewing. 5. The graphic sign solar panel mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein the graphic signs are electronic and display information that is pre-programmed. 6. The graphic sign solar panel mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein the graphic signs are electronic and display information that is delivered by a data interface. 7. The graphic sign solar panel mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein the mounting structure further comprises a sun tracking mechanism, wherein the graphics panels are attached below a pivoting axle of the solar panel such that the panel can rotate on its pivoting axle without interference. 8. The graphic sign solar panel mounting apparatus of claim 7, wherein the sun tracking mechanism is a 1-axis, equatorial style tracking mount. 9. The graphic sign solar panel mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein the mounting structure further comprises a frame, wherein the frame comprises a "C" shaped channel comprising parallel flanges running the length of the frame, wherein the flanges comprise the fasteners. 10. The graphic sign solar panel mounting apparatus of claim 9, wherein the mounting structure further comprises a "U" bolt-style connection comprising a cradle configured to encircle and capture a pole and secure it to the mounting frame. 11. The graphic sign solar panel mounting apparatus of claim 9, wherein the mounting structure further comprises holes for "lag bolts" for attachment directly to a wooden structure. 12. The graphic sign solar panel mounting apparatus of claim 9, wherein the frame comprises pivot points on either end of the "C" shaped channel that define an axle. 13. The graphic sign solar panel mounting apparatus of claim 12, wherein the axle is canted at the same angle as the Earth's axis on the solar equinox and the lower end of the "C` shaped channel points due South. 14. The graphic sign solar panel mounting apparatus of claim 12, wherein the mounting structure further comprises crossbars attached to the axle and configured to support the at least one solar panel. 15. The graphic sign solar panel mounting apparatus of claim 14, wherein one of the crossbars is fitted with a large hemispherical section gear rack that interfaces with a geared motor installed in a lower arm of the "C" shaped channel, wherein a pinion gear of the geared motor is configured to drive the rack to rotate the axle and any solar panel attached to the axle to track the sun. 16. The graphic sign solar panel mounting apparatus of claim 12, wherein the one or more graphic signs are attached to the frame below the axle. 17. A solar panel mounting apparatus, comprising: a mounting structure configured to support at least one solar panel to generate electricity and to attach to pole structures; wherein the mounting structure comprises a frame; wherein the frame comprises a "C" shaped element; wherein the mounting structure further comprises a "U" bolt-style connection comprising a cradle configured to encircle and capture a pole and secure it to the mounting frame; wherein the frame comprises pivot points on either end of the "C" shaped element that define an axle; wherein the axle is canted at the same angle as the Earth's axis on the solar equinox and the lower end of the "C` shaped element points due South. 18. The solar panel mounting apparatus of claim 17, wherein the mounting structure further comprises crossbars attached to the axle and configured to support the at least one solar panel, wherein one of the crossbars is fitted with a large hemispherical section gear rack that interfaces with a geared motor installed in a lower arm of the "C" shaped element, wherein a pinion gear of the geared motor is configured to drive the rack to rotate the axle and any solar panel attached to the axle to track the sun. 19. The solar panel mounting apparatus of claim 17, wherein the mounting structure further comprises holes for "lag bolts" for attachment directly to a wooden structure; 