A web-based educational system comprising at least one area of skill, interest, or expertise, a plurality of activities associated with each area of skill, interest, or expertise, and at least three navigational modes, wherein the navigational modes comprise a sequenced navigational mode, a guided navigational mode, and an independent navigational mode. Optionally, the learner can switch between available navigational modes.
Claims 1. A web-based educational system comprising: (a) a digital processing device that is connected to the Internet comprising an operating system configured to perform executable instructions and which comprises a memory device, a display, an input device, and a sound output device; (b) a computer program including instructions executable by a digital processing system that create an educational environment, wherein said educational environment comprises: at least one area of skill, interest, or expertise; a plurality of activities associated with each area of skill, interest, or expertise; and, at least three navigational modes comprising: i. a sequenced navigational mode wherein said web-based educational system presents to the learner a predetermined sequence of more than one activity in one or more areas of skill, interest, or expertise wherein the learner must complete each preceding activity in the sequence to progress to the next; ii. a guided navigational mode wherein said web-based educational system presents to the learner one or more activities in one or more areas of skill, interest, or expertise selected by a mentor from among a population of activities to create a subpopulation of activities; iii. an independent navigational mode wherein the learner selects activities from among a population of activities; and iv. optionally, the learner can switch between said navigational modes. 2. The web-based educational system of claim 1, wherein the learner or a mentor to the learner has the option to restrict availability of one or more navigational modes offered by the web-based educational system. 3. The web-based educational system of claim 1, wherein said sequenced navigational mode includes a software module for optionally removing one or more areas of skill, interest, or expertise from the predetermined sequence of more than one activity. 4. The web-based educational system of claim 1, wherein in said guided navigational mode the learner selects activities from among said subpopulation of activities. 5. The web-based educational system of claim 1, wherein completion of an activity selected by the learner in said independent navigational mode is the equivalent of completing the same activity in said sequenced or guided navigational mode. 6. The web-based educational system of claim 5, wherein completion of an activity in said independent navigational mode is equivalent in said sequenced or guided navigational mode with regard to progressing to subsequent activities in a predetermined sequence. 7. The web-based educational system of claim 5, wherein completion of an activity in said independent navigational mode is equivalent in said sequenced or guided navigational mode with regard to tracking and reporting progress or performance of the learner. 8. The web-based educational system of claim 1, wherein said educational environment is substantially in Adobe.RTM. Flash.RTM. format. 9. The web-based educational system of claim 1, further comprising a top-level graphic user interface characterized by representing a classroom environment. 10. The web-based educational system of claim 1, further comprising a top-level graphic user interface characterized by including a representation of an instructor, wherein the learner or a mentor to the learner has the option to customize the appearance of the instructor. 11. The web-based educational system of claim 1, further comprising a top-level graphic user interface characterized by representing environments suitable for learning such as a zoo, farm, park, beach, mountain, desert, ocean, lake, jungle, tunnels, caves, undersea environments, extraterrestrial environments, arctic and Antarctic environments, garden, campus, laboratory, art studio, music conservatory, computer laboratory, observatory, planetarium, library, movie theatre, play, puppet show, sporting event, amusement park, carnival, theme park, shopping mall, market, store, kitchen, garage, machine shop, wood working shop, metal working shop, medical facility, courtroom, boardroom, conference room, trade show, trade conference, interview room, and bank. 12. The web-based educational system of claim 1, wherein each area of skill, interest, or expertise comprises a plurality of levels. 13. The web-based educational system of claim 1, wherein one or more activities is available in a language other than English. 14. The web-based educational system of claim 1, wherein one or more activities is available, in one or more languages selected from English, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, French, Dutch, Polish, German, Russian, Ukrainian, Mandarin, Wu, Cantonese, Hindi, Punjabi, Bengali, Marathi, Urdu, Arabic, Turkish, Tamil, Farsi, Japanese, Korean, Vietnamese, Thai, Burmese, Malay, Telugu, and Javanese. 15. The web-based educational system of claim 1, further comprising a glossary of words used in one or more activities. 16. The web-based educational system of claim 1, wherein said sequenced navigational mode is further characterized by comprising a software module for displaying said predetermined sequence of more than one activity in one or more areas of skill, interest, or expertise, wherein said software module is characterized by representing said sequence of more than one activity as a linear succession and representing lessons, comprising groups of activities, as points in the linear succession, wherein said software module is adapted for use by the learner. 17. The web-based educational system of claim 16, wherein said linear succession is further represented as a map, path, or road and said lessons, comprising groups of activities, are further represented as waypoints or stops on the map, path, or road. 18. The web-based educational system of claim 16, wherein said sequenced navigational mode is further characterized by comprising a software module for displaying said lessons, comprising groups of activities, and providing access to the activities, wherein said software module is characterized by representing said lessons as a group of selectable activity icons, wherein said software module is adapted for use by the learner. 19. The web-based educational system of claim 18, wherein said group of selectable activity icons is further represented on a whiteboard, chalkboard, or bulletin board. 20. The web-based educational system of claim 16, wherein said predetermined sequence of more than one activity in one or more areas of skill, interest, or expertise is selected by an instructional designer. 21. The web-based educational system of claim 16, wherein each step in said predetermined sequence of more than one activity comprises either an activity or a set of alternate activities. 22. The web-based educational system of claim 21, wherein said web-based educational system presents an activity from said set of alternate activities based on one or more of: the skill level of the learner, the performance of the learner in previously completed activities, input of a mentor to the learner, or the preference of the learner. 23. The web-based educational system of claim 16, further comprising a software module for monitoring the progress of the learner, wherein said software module includes a visual indicator adapted for use by the learner, wherein said visual indicator displays the percentage of activities completed within a sequence of activities. 24. The web-based educational system of claim 1, further comprising a software module for monitoring the progress of the learner, wherein said software module includes progress displays adapted for use by the learner or a mentor to the learner. 25. The web-based educational system of claim 24, wherein said progress displays indicate percentage completion of one or more areas of skill, interest, or expertise, percentage completion of one or more levels within each area of skill, interest, or expertise, and completion of each activity associated with each area of skill, interest, or expertise. 26. The web-based educational system of claim 24, wherein the software module for monitoring the progress of the learner in each of the areas of skill, interest, or expertise includes printable reports adapted for use by the learner or a mentor to the learner. 27. The web-based educational system of claim 1, wherein at least one area of skill, interest, or expertise is selected from reading, math, art, music, colors, science, and social studies. 28. The web-based educational system of claim 1, wherein at least one area of skill, interest, or expertise is selected from animal husbandry, animal breeding, antiquing, artistic endeavors such as drawing, glass blowing, painting, sculpting, photography, and pottery, automobile restoration, automobile repair, bird watching, collecting items such as art, coins, dolls, figurines, stamps, spoons, sports cards, and toys, cooking, creating dioramas, fish keeping, fishing, flower arranging, game playing, gardening, horticulture, investing, knitting, origami, outdoor recreation endeavors such as backpacking, bicycling, canoeing, caving, climbing, hiking, running, snow sports, and water sports, performing arts such as acting, dancing, singing, juggling, magic, and playing musical instruments, poetry, quilting, reading books, comics, magazines, and newspapers, sewing, scale modeling of automobiles, planes, ships, and trains, scrapbooking, wine tasting, writing, and yoga. 29. The web-based educational system of claim I, wherein at least one area of skill, interest, or expertise is selected from Spanish, French, German, Mandarin, Italian, Latin, U.S. history, U.S. government, world history, European history, economics, macroeconomics, microeconomics, geography, psychology, sociology, anthropology, philosophy, law, political science, education, urban studies, women's studies, health, biology, ecology, environmental studies, anatomy, physiology, virology, pharmacology, cell biology, molecular biology, microbiology, genetics, medicine, neuroscience, chemistry, organic chemistry, biochemistry, physical chemistry, biophysics, physics, earth science, astronomy, astrophysics, algebra, statistics, geometry, calculus, trigonometry, electrical engineering, civil engineering, mechanical engineering, chemical engineering, English, American literature, European literature, English literature, world literature, religion, grammar, spelling, writing, composition, poetry, music, music theory, drawing, painting, photography, film, theatre, journalism, computer skills, computer science, computer programming, business, business administration, accounting, nursing, physical education, and sign language. 30. The web-based educational system of claim 1, wherein at least one area of skill, interest, or expertise is selected from continuing legal education, continuing medical education, and continuing education for teachers, accountants, tax preparers, physical therapists, occupational therapists, psychologists, nurses, and nurse practitioners. 31. The web-based educational system of claim 1, wherein at least one area of skill, interest, or expertise is selected from organization, leadership, time management, negotiation, harassment awareness, conflict management, interviewing, and networking. 32. The web-based educational system of claim 1, wherein at least one activity associated with each area of skill, interest, or expertise is selected from books, games, puzzles, art, and music. 33. The web-based educational system of claim 32, wherein at least one activity associated with each area of skill, interest, or expertise is further selected from lectures, reading assignments, articles, videos, demonstrations, simulations, mock examinations, quizzes, examinations, essays, worksheets, laboratory experiments, problem sets, brainstorms, collaborations, group activities, multi-player games, role-plays, and journals. 34. The web-based educational system of claim 1, wherein said guided navigational mode is further characterized by comprising a software module for building lessons by selecting one or more activity icons, wherein said software module is adapted for use by a mentor to the learner. 35. The web-based educational system of claim 34, wherein said software module for building lessons is further characterized by allowing said mentor to sequence the subpopulation of activities. 36. The web-based educational system of claim 35, wherein said activities are selected and sequenced by actions selected from dragging, clicking, tapping, double-clicking, double-tapping, right-clicking, pinching, ranking, typing, speaking, and by drawing a line, circle, or other shape. 37. The web-based educational system of claim 1, wherein said guided navigational mode is further characterized by comprising a software module for displaying the subpopulation of activities selected by said mentor, wherein said software module is adapted for use by the learner. 38. The web-based educational system of claim 37, wherein said software module for displaying the subpopulation of activities selected by said mentor is further characterized by displaying the subpopulation of activities in a sequence determined by said mentor to the learner. 39. The web-based educational system of claim 38, wherein the learner must complete each preceding activity in the displayed sequence determined by said mentor to progress to the next. 40. The web-based educational system of claim 37, wherein said software module for displaying the subpopulation of activities selected by said mentor is further characterized by displaying the subpopulation of activities in a sequence aligned to a predetermined sequence. 41. The web-based educational system of claim 40, wherein the learner must complete each preceding activity in the displayed sequence aligned to a predetermined sequence to progress to the next. 42. The web-based educational system of claim 1, wherein said independent navigational mode is further characterized by the learner freely using a plurality of selectable elements to access the population of activities, wherein said plurality of selectable elements comprises selectable elements to access a desired area of skill, interest, or expertise, selectable elements to access a desired activity type, and selectable elements to access a desired theme. 43. The web-based educational system of claim 42, wherein at least one selectable element to access a desired area of skill, interest, or expertise is selected from reading, math, world around us, and art and colors. 44. The web-based educational system of claim 42, wherein at least one selectable element to access a desired area of skill, interest, or expertise is selected from animal husbandry, animal breeding, antiquing, artistic endeavors such as drawing, glass blowing, painting, sculpting, photography, and pottery, automobile restoration, automobile repair, bird watching, collecting items such as art, coins, dolls, figurines, stamps, spoons, sports cards, and toys, cooking, creating dioramas, fish keeping, fishing, flower arranging, game playing, gardening, horticulture, investing, knitting, origami, outdoor recreation endeavors such as backpacking, bicycling, canoeing, caving, climbing, hiking, running, snow sports, and water sports, performing arts such as acting, dancing, singing, juggling, magic, and playing musical instruments, poetry, quilting, reading books, comics, magazines, and newspapers, sewing, scale modeling of automobiles, planes, ships, and trains, scrapbooking, wine tasting, writing, and yoga. 45. The web-based educational system of claim 42, wherein at least one selectable element to access a desired area of skill, interest, or expertise is selected from Spanish, French, German, Mandarin, Italian, Latin, U.S. history, U.S. government, world history, European history, economics, macroeconomics, microeconomics, geography, psychology, social studies, sociology, anthropology, philosophy, law, political science, education, urban studies, women's studies, health, science, biology, ecology, environmental studies, anatomy, physiology, virology, pharmacology, cell biology, molecular biology, microbiology, genetics, medicine, neuroscience, chemistry, organic chemistry, biochemistry, physical chemistry, biophysics, physics, earth science, astronomy, astrophysics, mathematics, algebra, statistics, geometry, calculus, trigonometry, electrical engineering, civil engineering, mechanical engineering, chemical engineering, English, reading, American literature, European literature, English literature, world literature, religion, grammar, spelling, writing, composition, poetry, art, colors, music, music theory, drawing, painting, photography, film, theatre, journalism, computer skills, computer science, computer programming, business, business administration, accounting, nursing, physical education, and sign language. 46. The web-based educational system of claim 42, wherein at least one selectable element to access a desired area of skill, interest, or expertise is selected from continuing education for lawyers, teachers, accountants, tax preparers, doctors, physical therapists, occupational therapists, psychologists, nurses, and nurse practitioners. 47. The web-based educational system of claim 42, wherein at least one selectable element to access a desired area of skill, interest, or expertise is selected from organization, leadership, time management, negotiation, harassment awareness, conflict management, interviewing, and networking. 48. The web-based educational system of claim 42, wherein at least one selectable element to access a desired activity type is selected from music and songs, library, puzzles, and games. 49. The web-based educational system of claim 48, wherein at least one selectable element to access a desired activity type is further selected from lectures, reading assignments, articles, videos, demonstrations, simulations, mock examinations, quizzes, examinations, essays, worksheets, laboratory experiments, problem sets, brainstorms, collaborations, group activities, multi-player games, role-plays, and journals. 50. The web-based educational system of claim 42, wherein at least one selectable element to access a desired theme is selected from farm, zoo, toddlertime, and basics. 51. The web-based educational system of claim 50, wherein at least one selectable element to access a desired theme is further selected from iconic representations of a classroom, easel, solar system, calendar, piano, map, clock, number line, bookshelf, computer, aquarium, library, time machine, space station, amusement park, carnival, sporting event, shopping mall, market, laboratory, garage, kitchen, medical facility, observatory, submarine, operating room, world map, courtroom, crime scene, bank, art studio, theatre, conference room, trade conference, trade show, and interview room. 52. The web-based educational system of claim 1, further comprising a software module adapted for conducting e-commerce transactions. 53. The web-based educational system of claim 52, wherein said e-commerce transactions provide subscription-based access to said web-based educational environment. 54. Computer readable media encoded with a computer program including instructions executable by a digital processing system for delivering content to create an educational environment, wherein said educational environment comprises: at least one area of skill, interest, or expertise; a plurality of activities associated with each area of skill, interest, or expertise; and, at least three navigational modes comprising: i. a sequenced navigational mode wherein said web-based educational system presents to the learner a predetermined sequence of more than one activity in one or more areas of skill, interest, or expertise wherein the learner must complete each preceding activity in the sequence to progress to the next; ii. a guided navigational mode wherein said web-based educational system presents to the learner one or more activities in one or more areas of skill, interest, or expertise selected by a mentor from among a population of activities to create a subpopulation of activities; optionally, the learner selects activities from among said subpopulation of activities; iii. an independent navigational mode wherein the learner selects activities from among a population of activities; and iv. optionally, the learner can switch between said navigational modes. 55. A method of facilitating the educational development of a learner comprising the step of: (a) providing executable instructions via the Internet to a digital processing device comprising an operating system configured to perform executable instructions, a memory device, a display, an input device, and a sound output device, to create a web-based educational environment, wherein said educational environment comprises: at least one area of skill, interest, or expertise; a plurality of activities associated with each area of skill, interest, or expertise; and, at least three navigational modes comprising: i. a sequenced navigational mode wherein said web-based educational system presents to the learner a predetermined sequence of more than one activity in one or more areas of skill, interest, or expertise wherein the learner must complete each preceding activity in the sequence to progress to the next; ii. a guided navigational mode wherein said web-based educational system presents to the learner one or more activities in one or more areas of skill, interest, or expertise selected by a mentor from among a population of activities to create a subpopulation of activities; optionally, the learner selects activities from among said subpopulation of activities; iii. an independent navigational mode wherein the learner selects activities from among a population of activities; and iv. optionally, the learner can switch between said navigational modes. 