A food safety device for placement on a product is disclosed. The food safety device comprises one or more sensors that measure at least one condition of the product and/or its environment, one or more visual indicators that are configured to display a visual indication of freshness and/or safety of the product. An antenna transmits and receives data regarding the at least one measured condition of the product and the freshness and/or safety of the product. A logic module executes programmable logic to determine the freshness and/or safety of the product from the at least one measured condition of the product, to cause the one or more visual indicators to display a visual indication of the freshness and/or safety it determines, and to transmit and receive data regarding the at least one measured condition of the product and the freshness and/or safety of the product via the antenna.
Claims 1. A food safety device for placement on a product comprising: one or more sensors configured to measure at least one condition of the product and/or its environment; one or more visual indicators configured to display a visual indication of freshness and/or safety of the product; an antenna configured to transmit and receive data regarding the at least one measured condition of the product and the freshness and/or safety of the product; and a logic module configured to execute programmable logic to determine the freshness and/or safety of the product from the at least one measured condition of the product, to cause the one or more visual indicators to display a visual indication of the freshness and/or safety it determines, and to transmit and receive data regarding the at least one measured condition of the product and the freshness and/or safety of the product via the antenna. 2. The food safety device of claim 1, further comprising a battery that is printed on the food safety device and is configured to power the one or more sensors, the one or more visual indicators, the antenna, and the logic module. 3. The food safety device of claim 1, further comprising a photovoltaic solar cell that is configured to measure an amount of light to which the product is exposed and to power the one or more sensors, the one or more visual indicators, the antenna, and the logic module. 4. The food safety device of claim 1, wherein the one or more sensors include: at least one first sensor configured to measure the product's environment; and at least one second sensor configured to measure the condition of the product. 5. The food safety device of claim 1, wherein the at least one first sensor measures an amount of at least one of temperature, pressure, light exposure, humidity, vibration, shock, acceleration, radiation, hazardous chemicals, toxins, and food borne pathogens in the product's environment; and the at least one second sensor measures an amount of at least one of temperature, pressure, light exposure, humidity, radiation, hazardous chemicals, toxins, and food borne pathogens at the product. 6. The food safety device of claim 1, wherein the logic module is further configured to execute programmable logic to identify a current location of the product on which the food safety device is placed and to transmit that location to another device via the antenna. 7. The food safety device of claim 1, wherein the logic module is further configured to execute programmable logic to identify a current location of the product on which the food safety device is placed and to transmit that location to another device via the antenna. 8. The food safety device of claim 1, wherein the logic module is further configured to execute programmable logic to receive and store data about at least one of a machine that packages the product, a machine that processes the product, and an inspection station where the product is inspected. 9. The food safety device of claim 1, wherein the one or more sensors, the one or more visual indicators, the antenna, and the logic module are provided on a substantially flat label that is configured to be attached to the product and/or packaging in which the product is placed. 10. The food safety device of claim 1, wherein the one or more sensors, the one or more visual indicators, the antenna, and the logic module are provided as part of packaging in which the product is placed. 11. A method for making a food safety device comprising the steps of: providing one or more sensors configured to measure at least one condition of the product and/or its environment; providing one or more visual indicators configured to display a visual indication of freshness and/or safety of the product; providing an antenna configured to transmit and receive data regarding the at least one measured condition of the product and the freshness and/or safety of the product; and providing a logic module configured to execute programmable logic to determine the freshness and/or safety of the product from the at least one measured condition of the product, to cause the one or more visual indicators to display a visual indication of the freshness and/or safety it determines, and to transmit and receive data regarding the at least one measured condition of the product and the freshness and/or safety of the product via the antenna. 12. The food safety device of claim 11, further comprising the step of printing a battery on the food safety device that is configured to power the one or more sensors, the one or more visual indicators, the antenna, and the logic module. 13. The food safety device of claim 11, further comprising the step of providing a photovoltaic solar cell that is configured to measure an amount of light to which the product is exposed and to power the one or more sensors, the one or more visual indicators, the antenna, and the logic module. 14. The food safety device of claim 11, wherein the one or more sensors include: at least one first sensor configured to measure the product's environment; and at least one second sensor configured to measure the condition of the product. 15. The food safety device of claim 11, wherein the at least one first sensor measures an amount of at least one of temperature, pressure, light exposure, humidity, vibration, shock, acceleration, radiation, hazardous chemicals, toxins, and food borne pathogens in the product's environment; and the at least one second sensor measures an amount of at least one of temperature, pressure, light exposure, humidity, radiation, hazardous chemicals, toxins, and food borne pathogens at the product. 16. The food safety device of claim 11, wherein the logic module is further configured to execute programmable logic to identify a current location of the product on which the food safety device is placed and to transmit that location to another device via the antenna. 17. The food safety device of claim 11, wherein the logic module is further configured to execute programmable logic to identify a current location of the product on which the food safety device is placed and to transmit that location to another device via the antenna. 18. The food safety device of claim 11, wherein the logic module is further configured to execute programmable logic to receive and store data about at least one of a machine that packages the product, a machine that processes the product, and an inspection station where the product is inspected. 19. The food safety device of claim 11, wherein the one or more sensors, the one or more visual indicators, the antenna, and the logic module are provided on a substantially flat label that is configured to be attached to the product and/or packaging in which the product is placed. 20. The food safety device of claim 11, wherein the one or more sensors, the one or more visual indicators, the antenna, and the logic module are provided as part of packaging in which the product is placed. 21. A tracking and monitoring device for placement on a consumable product enclosed in a packaging material, comprising: a flexible substrate having a front and a back; a flexible sensor positioned on the back of said substrate in direct contact with the packaging material and configured to detect a condition of the consumable product; and a flexible visual indicator separate from and in communication with said flexible sensor, said visual indicator configured to display the detected condition of the consumable product to be visible from the front of said substrate. 22. The device of claim 21, further comprising a flexible antenna on the front of said substrate, said flexible antenna in communication with said sensor to wirelessly transmit the detected condition, and a flexible power supply on the front of said substrate configured to provide power to said sensor and said visual indicator. 23. The device of claim 21, further comprising a flexible logic module in communication with said sensor and said visual indicator, said logic module configured to determine the freshness and/or safety of the consumable product based on the detected condition and cause said visual indicator to display the detected condition. 24. The device of claim 23, further comprising a flexible antenna on the front of said substrate, said logic module in communication with said antenna to wirelessly transmit the determined freshness and/or safety of the consumable product via the flexible antenna. 25. The device of claim 21, further comprising a flexible antenna on the front of said substrate and a flexible logic module in communication with said antenna, said logic module configured to wirelessly transmit the detected condition via the flexible antenna. 26. The device of claim 21, further comprising a flexible cover sheet encasing at least an entirety of the front of said substrate. 27. The device of claim 21, further comprising an adhesive on the back of said substrate, the adhesive attaching the back of said substrate directly to the packaging. 28. The device of claim 27, said adhesive further covering said sensor and attaching said sensor directly to the packaging. 29. The device of claim 21, wherein said sensor detects radiation. 30. The device of claim 21, wherein said visual indicator comprises a bar code. 