Methods and apparatus are described for a two axis tracking mechanism for a concentrated photovoltaic system. Two or more paddle structures containing multiple CPV modules are installed onto each tilt axle on the common roll axle as part of the two-axis tracking mechanism's solar array. The two or more paddle structures couple across the common roll axle on that tilt axle. The common roll axle and each paddle assembly are manufactured in simple modular sections that assemble easily in the field while maintaining the alignment of the tracker assembly.
Claims 1. A two-axis tracking mechanism for a concentrated photovoltaic system having multiple parts manufactured in simple modular sections that assemble easily in the field while maintaining the alignment of the tracker assembly; comprising: a common roll axle composed of multiple segments of roll axle each with a perpendicular tilt axle, where each tilt axle on the common roll axle has two or more paddle structures containing one or more CPV modules as part of the two-axis tracking mechanism's solar array, and where each paddle assembly is pre-aligned by holes, brackets, or molded connection points, and any combination of these three, in a hinged curved bracket manufactured on each paddle structure in the paddle assembly for a correct coupling and positioning between the two or more paddle structures coupled across the common roll axle on that tilt axle, where the common roll axle and each paddle assembly are manufactured in simple modular sections that assemble easily in the field while maintaining the alignment of the tracker assembly. 2. The two-axis tracking mechanism of claim 1, where a first through fourth tilt axles connect perpendicular to the common roll axle that universally rotates all of the tilt axles, and a paddle assembly on a given tilt axle is driven by its own linear actuator along a tilt axis. 3. The two-axis tracking mechanism of claim 1, where two or more sections of the common roll axle couple to a slew drive motor, each section of roll axle is conical in shape, and connects to either 1) the slew drive, 2) one or more roll bearings or 3) both, where the narrower end of the conical roll axle has a flanged indexed connection plate and a spindle in each roll bearing has matching alignment pinholes for maintaining the roll axis alignment of the solar two-axis tracking mechanism, and these modular components of the two-axis tracking mechanism are easily assembled in the field. 4. The two-axis tracking mechanism of claim 1, where each section of the common roll axle is coupled at the ends of the section of roll axle by 1) a spindle inside a roll bearing, 2) a mating connection of the slew drive motor, 3) one or more roll bearings, and 4) any combination in order to form the common roll axle for the two-axis tracker mechanism, and each section of the common roll axle shares support from at least a common stanchion between the two sections. 5. The two-axis tracking mechanism of claim 1, where two or more conical roll axle sections form the common roll axle, a wider portion of the conical shaped roll axle is connected approximate the tilt-axle to assist in the higher torque requirements that occur at that intersection with the conical roll axle, and a narrower portion of the conical shaped roll axle is used to couple to 1) a roll bearing, 2) a spindle, 3) a slew drive and 4) any combination of these components. 6. The two-axis tracking mechanism of claim 1, where the paddle structure with its hinged curved bracket allow the paddles to form a paddle assembly on the tilt axle across both sides of the common roll axle, where each hinge allows the curved bracket to fold flat against its paddle skeletal frame when the paddle structure is shipped and also allows easy maneuverability when assembling the paddle assembly in the field, and where a center truss connects between the curved brackets when installed in the field to allow a connected linear actuator to cause paddle tilt articulation on the tilt axle. 7. The two-axis tracking mechanism of claim 6, where the center truss has a fixed set of holes that the linear actuator is configured to connect to, and likewise a mounting bracket to support the linear actuator is built onto each roll axle section in a fixed spot so the length of travel for each linear actuator is always correlatable to an exact position of the paddle assembly on the two-axis tracker mechanism. 8. The two-axis tracking mechanism of claim 1, further comprising: a slew drive with a hole in the center for alignment, high torque gearing with a high worm gear ratio which has its torque capability multiplied by a separate gear box with a high ratio, and a keyed flange connection to ensure proper mating with at least one or more sections of roll axle forming the common roll axle, and where the slew drive is manufactured with 1) handles, including hoops, eye bolts, or other similar handles, on top to lift up the slew drive and a bottom formed to make a cap for the stanchion to fit on top of stanchion in only one way, in order to aid in speed of installation of the slew drive. 9. The two-axis tracking mechanism of claim 1, where a first paddle structure has a bow shaped frame structure and the central tube for sliding the paddle structure onto the tilt axle, where this overall structure of the paddle structure maintains a three dimensional alignment of the installed and aligned CPV solar cells during shipment as well as during an operation of the two-axis tracker mechanism. 10. The two-axis tracking mechanism of claim 1, where a first linear actuator is set to drive a first paddle assembly in the tilt axis and couples to a mounting bracket on the common roll axle on one end and to a center truss between the curved brackets hinged to the paddle structures on the other end, and each turnbuckle couples to the curved bracket on its paddle structure and a connection point on a skeletal frame of the paddle structure. 11. The two-axis tracking mechanism of claim 10, where a length of the radius of the curved bracket is chosen to locate a bottom of each curved bracket where the center truss will be centerline with a center of a tilt axis and roll axis, and a symmetrical design of the paddle assembly and its curved brackets is designed to neutralize wind loads due to relatively a same wind force being felt on a rectangular front surface of the paddle structures, which is then transmitted through the hinges of the curved brackets to the center truss, and the turnbuckles on each side of the paddle assembly also transmit the wind forces being felt on the rectangular front surface of the paddle structures through the turnbuckle and curved brackets down to the center truss. 12. The two-axis tracking mechanism of claim 1, where the curved brackets of each paddle structure lock together through a center truss and turnbuckle arms to form a paddle assembly that moves in unison, and the paddle structure with its hinged curved bracket is configured to allow the paddle structures to form a single paddle assembly along the tilt axis on a tilt axle on the two sides of the common roll axle, and each paddle assembly couples to its own linear actuator, which is used to control paddle assembly tilt articulation. 13. The two-axis tracking mechanism of claim 1, where a support structure of the two-axis tracking mechanism provides the axial constraint for the common roll axle as the axle rotates, and the support structure includes two or more roll bearings, which each have offset machine grooves created inside a molded housing of that roll bearing, where the offset grooves created inside the molded housing of the roll bearing hold Ultra High Molecular weight plastic bearings in place and prevent them from rotating with the common roll axle. 14. The two-axis tracking mechanism of claim 1, where two or more sections of the common roll axle couple to roll bearings mounted on top of stanchions and the roll bearings each have a three axis adjustment mechanism to assist in leveling all of the roller bearings with respect to each other, and in essence, leveling the common roll axle supported by the roll bearings. 15. The two-axis tracking mechanism of claim of 14, where the mating surfaces of the roll bearings and a slew drive are shaped and pinned to only couple with the sections of the roll axle in a pre-designed configuration which substantially establishes the proper alignment. 16. The two-axis tracking mechanism of claim of 1, where a first section of roll axle has a welded on flange that matches a pinned mating pattern of a flange of a spindle that rests within a first roll beam, and the spindle is made of a metal and then coated with a corrosion resistant material with a low friction co-efficient that also significantly resists wear and the corrosion resistant material has a minimum thickness to last the expected lifetime wear in the two-axis tracking mechanism. 17. The two-axis tracking mechanism of claim 1, where a tilt hub is located at an intersection of the common roll axle and a first tilt axle, where two or more conical roll axle sections form the common roll axle, and the tilt hub has a bolted connection to the wider conical portions of the section of roll axle and has the tilt axles inserted into the tilt hub via a heat shrinking process, and the molded housing of tilt hub has multiple cavities rather than being one solid cylinder, and a set of stanchions supporting the two axis tracking mechanism, where a first stanchion has two or more segments including 1) a concrete pillar portion with a capped bolt pattern portion above ground and portion buried into the ground, and 2) a metal post section, and where a mating coupler between the concrete pillar and metal section has an adjustment mechanism in the three dimensions. 18. An apparatus, comprising: a multiple axis tracking mechanism for a concentrated photovoltaic system, where two or more paddle structures containing one or more CPV modules are installed onto each tilt axle on a common roll axle as part of the two-axis tracking mechanism's solar array, where the two or more paddle structures couple across the common roll axle on that tilt axle, and where the common roll axle and each paddle assembly are manufactured in simple modular sections that assemble easily in the field while maintaining the alignment of the tracker assembly. 19. A method to assemble a two-axis tracking mechanism for a concentrated photovoltaic system having multiple parts manufactured in simple modular sections that assemble easily in the field while maintaining the alignment of the tracker assembly; comprising: assembling a common roll axle composed of multiple segments of roll axle, each segment of roll axle with a perpendicular tilt axle; installing two or more paddle structures containing multiple CPV modules onto each tilt axle on the common roll axle as part of the two-axis tracking mechanism's solar array, where the two or more paddle structures couple across the common roll axle on that tilt axle; and where each paddle assembly is pre-aligned by holes, brackets, or molded connection points, and any combination of these three, in a hinged curved bracket manufactured on each paddle structure in the paddle assembly for a correct coupling and positioning between the two or more paddle structures coupled across that tilt axle. 20. The two-axis tracking mechanism of claim 19, where multiple tilt axles connect perpendicular to the common roll axle that universally rotates all of the tilt axles, and a paddle assembly on a given tilt axle is driven by its own linear actuator per tilt axle along a tilt axis; and two or more sections of the common roll axle couple to a slew drive motor, where each section of roll axle is conical in shape; and a tilt hub is located at an intersection of the common roll axle and a first tilt axle, and the tilt hub connects to the wider conical portions of the section of roll axle and has the tilt axles inserted into the tilt hub via a heat shrinking process. 