A multifunction electricity generating assembly includes: a pivot seat mounted pivotally in a housing; a solar power collecting unit mounted selectively to the pivot seat, and including a carrier connected detachably to the pivot seat to co-rotate with the pivot seat relative to the housing, and formed with electrical contacts that contact respectively and electrically exposed conductive members of the pivot seat when the carrier is connected to the pivot seat, and a solar power collecting plate connected electrically to the electrical contacts, and carried on the carrier for converting solar power into electrical energy; and a rechargeable battery unit disposed in the housing for storing collecting plate, the electrical energy converted by the solar power collecting plate.
Claims 1. A multifunction electricity generating assembly using solar power, comprising: a housing a pivot seat mounted pivotally in said housing, and having a top side provided with a plurality of exposed conductive members thereon; a solar power collecting unit mounted selectively to said pivot seat, and including: a carrier connected detachably to said pivot seat such that said carrier is co-rotatable with said pivot seat relative to said housing, and having a bottom side formed with a plurality of first electrical contacts that contact respectively and electrically said conductive members of said pivot seat when said carrier is connected to said pivot seat, and a solar power collecting plate connected electrically to said first electrical contacts, and carried on said carrier for converting solar power into electrical energy; and a rechargeable battery unit disposed in said housing and capable of storing the electrical energy converted by said solar power collecting plate. 2. The multifunction electricity generating assembly of claim 1 wherein: said bottom side of said carrier of said solar power collecting unit is formed with opposite slide tracks; and said top side of said pivot seat has opposite engaging extensions, each of said engaging extensions engaging slidably and releasably a corresponding one of said slide tracks of said carrier of said solar power collecting unit, thereby connecting said carrier of said solar power collecting unit with said pivot seat. 3. The multifunction electricity generating assembly of claim 1, wherein said top side of said pivot seat defines a plurality of through holes permitting extension of said conductive members therethrough. 4. The multifunction electricity generating assembly of claim 1, wherein said carrier of said solar power collecting unit is disposed movably above said housing for shielding said rechargeable battery unit from sunlight. 5. The multifunction electricity generating assembly of claim 1, further comprising a control unit connected electrically to said conductive members of said pivot seat and said rechargeable battery unit, said control unit being operable to charge said rechargeable battery unit with the electrical energy converted by said solar power collecting plate, and to supply electrical power stored in said rechargeable battery unit or the electrical energy converted by said solar power collecting plate. 6. The multifunction electricity generating assembly of claim 5, further comprising a lighting module mounted selectively to said pivot seat, and including: a lamp-mounting seat connected detachably to said pivot seat such that said lamp-mounting seat is co-rotatable with said pivot seat relative to said housing, and having a bottom side formed with a plurality of second electrical contacts that contact respectively and electrically said conductive members of said pivot seat when said lamp-mounting seat is connected to said pivot seat, and a light emitting diode unit mounted in said lamp-mounting seat and coupled to said second electrical contacts; wherein, when said solar power collecting unit is detached from said pivot seat while said lamp-mounting seat of said lighting module is connected to said pivot seat, said control unit supplies the electrical power stored in said rechargeable battery unit to said light emitting diode unit of said lighting module. 7. The multifunction electricity generating assembly of claim 6, wherein: said bottom side of said lamp-mounting seat of said lighting module has opposite slide tracks; and said top side of said pivot seat has opposite engaging extensions extending outward and respectively from opposite lateral sides thereof, each of said engaging extensions engaging slidably and releasably a corresponding one of said slide tracks of said carrier of said solar power collecting unit, thereby connecting said lamp-mounting seat of said lighting module with said pivot seat. 8. The multifunction electricity generating assembly of claim 6, wherein said lighting module further includes a transparent cover mounted on said lamp-mounting seat for covering said light emitting diode unit. 9. The multifunction electricity generating assembly of claim 6, wherein said lighting module a reflector mounted in said lamp-mounting seat and surrounding said light emitting diode unit. 10. The multifunction electricity generating assembly of claim 5, further comprising a headlight unit mounted on said housing, disposed opposite to said pivot seat and connected electrically to said control unit such that said headlight unit is lighted through control of said control unit. 11. The multifunction electricity generating assembly of claim 10, further comprising a control switch mounted on said housing and connected electrically to said control unit, said control switch being operable to generate a control signal such that said control unit controls said headlight unit to operate in a desired lighting mode responsive to the control signal from said control switch. 12. The multifunction electricity generating assembly of claim 5, further comprising a connecting port mounted in said housing, connected electrically to said control unit, and adapted to be coupled to an external electronic device. 13. The multifunction electricity generating assembly of claim 12, wherein said connecting port is a USB port. 14. The multifunction electricity generating assembly of claim 1, further comprising a supporting frame for supporting said housing. 15. The multifunction electricity generating assembly of claim 14, wherein said supporting frame includes a base plate, and opposite clamp arms extending upward from said base plate for clamping said housing therebetween. 16. The multifunction electricity generating assembly of claim 15, wherein: said housing has opposite engaging groves; and each of said clamp arms has an upper end having an engaging protrusion that protrudes toward the other one of said clamp arms and that engages releasably a corresponding one of said engaging groves. 