Electrical energy buffering system, comprising an energy source for delivering electrical energy, an energy buffer for buffering electrical energy delivered from the energy source, the energy buffer comprising a plurality of supercapacitors, and control logic for controlling the operation of the energy buffer by selectively switching the supercapacitors, wherein the plurality of supercapacitors are switchably connected in parallel to each other in a circuit comprising the energy source and an electrical power output, and the control logic comprises a buffer monitor for monitoring a parameter representing the charge or discharge state, respectively, of each of the supercapacitors and is adapted to sequentially switch single supercapacitors or groups of supercapacitors on, responsive to the detection of a first predetermined charge or discharge state, respectively, and to switch them off, responsive to the detection of a second predetermined charge or discharge state, respectively.
Claims 1. Electrical energy buffering system, comprising an energy source for delivering electrical energy, an energy buffer for buffering electrical energy delivered from the energy source, the energy buffer comprising a plurality of supercapacitors, and control logic for controlling the operation of the energy buffer by selectively switching the supercapacitors, wherein the plurality of supercapacitors are switchably connected in parallel to each other in a circuit comprising the energy source and an electrical power output, and the control logic comprises a buffer monitor for monitoring a parameter corresponding to the charge or discharge state, respectively, of each of the supercapacitors and is adapted to sequentially switch single supercapacitors or groups of supercapacitors on, responsive to the detection of a first predetermined charge or discharge state, respectively, and to switch them off, responsive to the detection of a second predetermined charge or discharge state, respectively. 2. Electrical energy buffering system of claim 1, wherein the energy source comprises a photovoltaic converter and/or a fuel cell. 3. Electrical energy buffering system of claim 1, wherein the control logic comprises a threshold discriminator provided at the respective outputs of the buffer monitor, for providing a switch-on or switch-off signal, respectively, responsive to the detection of a parameter value above a predetermined upper threshold value or below a predetermined lower threshold value. 4. Electrical energy buffering system of claim 3, wherein the threshold discriminator comprises programming for adjustably setting a respective threshold value. 5. Electrical energy buffering system of claim 1, wherein the buffer monitor is adapted for monitoring the output voltage of each of the supercapacitors. 6. Electrical energy buffering system of claim 1, wherein the control logic is adapted to immediately combine a switching-off of a first supercapacitor or group of supercapacitors with a switching-on of a second supercapacitor or group of supercapacitors, essentially without delay time. 7. Electrical energy buffering system of claim 1, wherein the control logic comprises a source monitor for monitoring a performance parameter of the energy source, preferably an output voltage and/or output current thereof, and for providing an auxiliary control signal for influencing the switching-on of supercapacitors or groups of supercapacitors responsive to a detected value of the performance parameter. 8. Electrical energy buffering system of claim 1, wherein the energy source comprises a rechargeable battery, preferably of the Li-ion type or NiMH type or NiCd type or metal/air type. 9. Electrical energy storing system, comprising an electrical energy buffering system of claim 1 and an energy storage device connected to the power output of the electrical energy buffering system wherein output side switches are provided for each of the supercapacitor or group of supercapacitors, and control logic is adapted to sequentially actuate the output-side switches for connecting the supercapacitors or groups of supercapacitors to the energy storage device responsive to the detection of a third predetermined charge or discharge state, respectively, and for disconnecting them from the energy storage device responsive to the detection of a fourth predetermined charge or discharge state, respectively. 10. Electrical energy storing system of claim 9, wherein the energy storage device comprises a rechargeable battery, preferably of the Li-ion type or NiMH type or NiCd type or metal/air type. 11. Electrical energy storing system of claim 9, wherein the energy storage device comprises an electrical motor for converting electrical energy into mechanical energy and a mechanical energy storage device coupled to the motor. 12. Electrical energy management system, comprising an electrical energy storing system of claim 9 and a load for consuming electrical energy, connected to an additional power output of the electrical energy buffering system wherein output side switches are provided for each of the supercapacitor or group of supercapacitors, and the control logic is adapted to sequentially actuate the output-side switches for connecting the supercapacitors or groups of supercapacitors to the load responsive to the detection of a third predetermined charge or discharge state, respectively, and for disconnecting them from the load responsive to the detection of a fourth predetermined charge or discharge state, and comprising a switchable direct connection between the energy storage device and the load, wherein the control logic is adapted to selectively switch on or off either the direct connection between the energy storage device and the load or the connection between the energy source and the load via a supercapacitor or a group of supercapacitors. 13. Electrical energy management system, comprising an electrical energy buffering system of claim 1 and a load for consuming electrical energy, connected to the power output of the electrical energy buffering system, wherein output side switches are provided for each of the supercapacitor or group of supercapacitors, and the control logic is adapted to sequentially actuate the output-side switches for connecting the supercapacitors or groups of supercapacitors to the load responsive to the detection of a third predetermined charge or discharge state, respectively, and for disconnecting them from the load responsive to the detection of a fourth predetermined charge or discharge state. 14. Electrical energy management system of claim 12, wherein a switchable direct connection is provided between the energy source and the load, and the control logic is adapted to selectively switch-on and switch-off either the direct connection between the energy source and the load or a connection via a supercapacitor or group of supercapacitors. 15. Electrical energy management system of claim 12, wherein the load comprises an electrical motor, preferably of a vehicle drive, boat drive or submarine drive. 