The invention, Solar Attic Pressurizer is a unique and simple approach to a residential energy problem. The first and main purpose for the invention is to actively move air through the attic space in the most efficient means possible. The Department of Energy through their Energy Star program have stated that traditional active attic fans, solar and conventional can draw air out of your living space into your attic and out of your house. This increased the losses in energy both in cooling and heating which not only costs more in energy but also overworks the air conditioning equipment. This invention not only ventilates the attic space but uses pressure to reduce or eliminates losses from the living space to the attic that can occur with or without an active attic ventilation system.
Claims 1. The claim of the invention, Solar Attic Pressurizer, is that using the balance of components as specified in the preceding descriptions a structures attic space may obtain a positive pressure situation and reduce or eliminate living space atmosphere to the attic space. The first step is placing a power source in the form of a 30-55 watt solar module on either the South or West face of the roof with acces to the attic for the power cord through existing attic ventalation. The second step is locating the maximum distance towards the North and East secion of the attic within 5 feet of the eve/soffit and mounting the blower aimed at the bottom section of the South West section of the attic. The next step is to push the rectangular section of the manifold over the header board and well into the soffit. At this point simply install the flexible duct over the round section of the manifold and the inlet side of the blower. Finally, plug in the electrical connectors between the solar module and the blower and as long as the sun is up the attic will be gaining pressure. This pressure forces circulation of attic air out of existing ventilation and also creates a pressure barrier between the living space and the attic space reducing or eliminating cooling and heating losses to the attic space. 