A heating, ventilation, air conditioning, and refrigeration system is includes one or more variable frequency drives (VFD) controlled by one or more VFD controller, which are configured to provide three-phase power to one or more three-phase AC motors and single-phase power to one or more single-phase AC motors. The system also includes a power source controller configured to select from a plurality of power sources based on availability of one or more power sources and time so as to maximize the economic efficiency of operating the system.
Claims 1. A heating, ventilation, air conditioning, and refrigeration (HVAC/R) system, comprising: an alternating current (AC) power source; a DC power source configured to provide power to the HVAC/R system; one or more three-phase motors; one or more single-phase motors; a variable frequency drive (VFD) electrically connected to the AC power source and the DC power source and configured to provide three-phase power to the three-phase motor and single-phase power to single-phase motor; and a controller communicating with the AC power source and the DC power source, wherein the controller further comprises a 24-hour clock and is configured to monitor AC power source capacity, DC power source capacity, and to reduce AC power supplied during selected clock times. 2. The HVAC/R system of claim 1, wherein each of the one or more three-phase motors drives a compressor. 3. The HVAC/R system of claim 2, further comprising an electronic controller linked to the VFD and configured to control VFD. 4. The HVAC/R system of claim 2, further comprising at least one condenser, at least one evaporator, and piping for directing refrigerant from the compressor to the at least one condenser and from the at least one condenser to the at least one evaporator, and a pulsed operation refrigerant flow control valve connected to the piping for controlling refrigerant flow to the at least one evaporator. 5. The HVAC/R system of claim 4, wherein the pulsed operation refrigerant flow control valve is a mechanical valve. 6. The HVAC/R system of claim 4, wherein the pulsed operation refrigerant flow control valve is an electronic valve. 7. The HVAC/R system of claim 1, wherein the single-phase motor drives a condenser fan. 8. The HVAC/R system of claim 1, further comprising a phase change module connected between the VFD and the one or more single-phase motors, the phase change element comprising a plurality of capacitors in series and at least one capacitor in parallel with the plurality of capacitors in series. 9. The HVAC/R system of claim 1, further comprising a phase change module configured to condition the three-phase power output for input to the single-phase motor. 10. The HVAC/R system of claim 9, wherein the phase change module comprises a plurality of capacitors in series. 11. An air conditioning system, comprising: a condenser; one or more evaporators; an alternating current (AC) power source; a direct current (DC) power source configured to selectively provide power to the air conditioning system; a variable frequency drive (VFD) electrically connected to the DC power source and configured to provide power to a variable speed condenser motor; a pulsed operation refrigerant flow control valve configured to control refrigerant flow to the one or more evaporators; and a controller communicating with the AC power source and the DC power source, wherein the controller additionally comprises a 24-hour clock and is configured to monitor AC power capacity, the charge status of the DC power source, and to reduce AC power supplied during selected clock times. 12. The air conditioning system of claim 11, wherein the pulsed operation refrigerant flow control valve is a mechanical valve. 13. The air conditioning system of claim 11, wherein the pulsed operation refrigerant flow control valve is an electronic valve. 14. The air conditioning system of claim 11, wherein the VFD is configured to also provide single-phase power to a single-phase motor. 15. The air conditioning system of claim 14, wherein the single-phase motor comprises a condenser fan motor. 16. The air conditioning system of claim 11, further comprising an electronic controller linked to the VFD for controlling the VFD. 17. The air conditioning system of claim 16, wherein the electronic controller is also linked to the pulsed operation refrigerant flow control valve for controlling the refrigerant flow within the air conditioning system. 18. A method in an air conditioning system of cooling air, comprising: providing a power system that switches from alternating current (AC) power to back-up battery power in the absence of AC power and/or during selected hours and/or during peak loads on AC power source; electronically controlling the speed of a condenser motor when the air conditioning system is on back-up battery power in order to increase air cooling efficiency; and controlling the flow of the refrigerant within the air conditioning system with a pulsed operation refrigerant flow control valve. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the flow of refrigerant is controlled within predetermined flow ranges. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein electronically controlling the speed of the condenser motor comprises providing three-phase power to the condenser motor. 21. A system for powering an HVAC/R system, comprising: a direct current (DC) power bus; a plurality of power sources; a variable frequency drive; means for storing DC power electrically connected to the DC power bus; means for controlling a variable frequency drive electrically connected to the DC power bus; means for selecting from a plurality of power sources and providing electric power to the variable frequency drive, electrically connected to the DC power bus; and means for generating time data electrically connected to the means for selecting from a plurality of power sources and providing electric power to the variable frequency drive. 22. The system of claim 21, wherein the means for storing DC power is one or more batteries. 23. The system of claim 21, wherein the means for controlling a variable frequency drive is a circuit configured to receive a direct current input and output an alternating current, wherein a frequency of the output alternating current is variable. 24. The system of claim 21, additionally comprising means for controlling the charge of said means for storing DC power. 25. The system of claim 24, wherein said means for controlling the charge is a circuit configured to vary a charge current in response to a charge capacity of the means for storing DC power. 26. The system of claim 21, wherein the means for selecting from a plurality of power sources is a circuit configured to selectively draw power from one or more of the plurality of power sources and direct that power to the variable frequency drive. 27. The system of claim 21, additionally comprising means for sensing the DC capacity of a DC power source. 28. The system of claim 21, wherein at least one of the plurality of power sources is an AC power source. 29. The system of claim 28, additionally comprising means for sensing the alternating current (AC) capacity of the AC power source. 30. A method for controlling an HVAC/R power supply system, the method comprising: receiving data indicating a capacity of an alternating current (AC) power source; receiving data indicating a capacity of a direct current (DC) power source; receiving data indicating an electric load of an HVAC/R system; receiving time data; selecting an available power source from a plurality of power sources based on the relative cost of the selected power source as compared to other available power sources; and instructing the VFD controller to draw power from the selected power source. 31. The method of claim 30, wherein at least one of the plurality of power sources is a photovoltaic power source. 32. The method of claim 30, wherein at least one of the plurality of power sources is a DC battery. 33. The method of claim 30, wherein at least one of the plurality of power sources is AC grid power. 34. The method of claim 30, wherein the time data includes time of day and calendar date. 