During operation of at least one power generator (EE) in a power supply network, a reactive power transfer between the two upper voltage levels (1, 2) is sensed at a first transformer (T1) connecting these levels, and the voltage at a first network connection point (5) at the lowest voltage level (3) is ascertained. The amount of a reactive power demand served by the power generator (EE) is calculated as a function of the ascertained voltage value in order to maintain the voltage ascertained at the lowest voltage level (3) within a predefinable voltage range, wherein a means (WR) of the power generator (EE) is activated for a reactive power draw or a reactive power delivery, based on the calculated reactive power demand.
Claims 1. Device for operating at least one power generator in an electric power supply network with voltage levels connected through a first and a second transformer, wherein the power generator is connected to the lowest voltage level or to the middle voltage level through a network connection point, having a measuring device, which senses the reactive power transfer between the two upper voltage levels at the first transformer, having a voltage measuring device, which ascertains the voltage at a first network connection point at the lowest voltage level, having a computing device, which calculates the amount of a reactive power demand served by the power generator as a function of the voltage value ascertained by the voltage measuring device in order to maintain the voltage ascertained at the lowest voltage level within a predefinable voltage range, and having a regulating and control unit, which activates a means of the power supplier for a reactive power draw or a reactive power delivery based on the calculated reactive power demand. 2. Device according to claim 1, wherein the regulating and control unit contains a control algorithm that maintains the reactive power transfer below a predetermined limit value. 3. Device according to claim 1, with an energy storage system connected to one of the voltage levels, which system draws power from the relevant voltage level or feeds it into the voltage level on request from the computing device. 4. Device according to claim 1, with an energy storage system connected to one of the voltage levels, which system draws reactive power from the relevant voltage level or feeds it into the voltage level. 5. Device according to claim 1, wherein the means comprise electronic components of an inverter, in particular IGBTs. 6. Method for operating at least one power generator in an electric power supply network with multiple voltage levels, wherein the power generator is connected to one of the voltage levels through a network connection point, wherein a reactive power transfer between the two upper voltage levels is sensed at a first transformer connecting them, wherein the voltage is ascertained at a first network connection point of the lowest voltage level, wherein the amount of a reactive power demand served by the power generator is calculated as a function of the ascertained voltage value in order to maintain the voltage ascertained at a lowest voltage level within a predefinable voltage range, and wherein a means of the power generator is activated for a reactive power draw or a reactive power delivery, based on the calculated reactive power demand. 7. Method according to claim 6, in which, in the event that multiple power generators are present, the one that is induced to reduce power is the one whose contribution to voltage stabilization is the most effective. 8. Method according to claim 6, wherein the management of an inverter as the means of the power generator (EE) will maintain the maximum power point of photovoltaic or windpower systems by means of the control system inherent in the inverter for a reactive power draw or a reactive power delivery, and wherein the inverter additionally feeds into or draws from the supply level a quantity of reactive power that at a maximum corresponds to the difference between the power currently being delivered and the rated power of the inverter 9. Method according to claim 6, wherein reactive power is delivered from an energy storage system or from at least one of the power generators into one of the two lower voltage levels while at the same time reactive power is drawn from one of the two lower voltage levels by a different power generator. 10. Method according to claim 6, wherein a signal is generated by the regulating and control unit when there exists a maximum permissible reactive power transfer, or a maximum possible reactive power delivery or maximum possible reactive power draw from the at least one power generator, and from the energy storage system if applicable, and when there exists a measured voltage value at the edge of the predefinable voltage range, which signal results in a power reduction at the power generator in favor of a reactive power delivery or a reactive power draw. 