A retrieving device for retrieving an object may be provided. The retrieving device may include a retriever pole that may include a scooping device positioned at one end of the retriever pole. The scooping device may be configured to retrieve the object when positioned over the object. Additionally, the retrieving device may include a camera configured to record image data of an area within a viewing range of the camera and image data associated with the object. The retrieving device may also include a monitor positionable at the other end of the retrieving pole, which may be electrically coupled to the camera via an insulated electrical wire. The monitor may display the image data of the area and the image data associated with the object recorded by the camera. Furthermore, the retrieving device may include a power source that may be electrically coupled to the monitor and the camera.
Claims 1. A retrieving device for retrieving an object, the retrieving device comprising: a retriever pole including a scooping device positioned at a distal end of the retriever pole, wherein the scooping device is configured to retrieve the object when the scooping device is positioned over the object; a camera configured to record image data of an area within a viewing range of the camera and image data associated with the object; a monitor positioned near a proximal end of the retriever pole, wherein the monitor is electrically coupled to the camera via an insulated electrical wire that is configured to wrap around a portion of the retriever pole that lies between the monitor and the camera, wherein the monitor is configured to display the image data of the area and the image data associated with the object recorded by the camera; and a power source electrically coupled to the monitor and the camera, wherein the power source is configured to provide electrical power to the monitor and the camera. 2. The retrieving device of claim 1, further comprising a sensor configured to detect a shape of the object, wherein when the sensor detects the shape of the object, the sensor is configured to transmit one of an audio signal or a visual signal to a user using the retrieving device. 3. The retrieving device of claim 1, further comprising a sensor configured to detect reflections of light reflecting off of the object, wherein the sensor is configured to transmit one of an audio signal or a visual signal to a user when the sensor detects the reflections of light. 4. The retrieving device of claim 1, further comprising a sensor configured to transmit an audio signal or a visual signal of increasing intensity as the retrieving device increases proximity to the object, and wherein the sensor is configured to transmit an audio signal or a visual signal of decreasing intensity as the retrieving device decreases proximity to the object. 5. The retrieving device of claim 1, wherein at least one of the camera, the monitor, the power source, and the electrical wire are configured to detach from the retriever pole as a unit, and wherein the unit is configured to be reattached to a different retriever pole. 6. The retrieving device of claim 1, wherein a portion of the retriever pole is configured to telescope outward to an extended position, and wherein the portion of the retriever pole is configured to telescope inward when retracted from the extended position. 7. The retrieving device of claim 1, further comprising a power switch coupled to the camera, the monitor, and the power source, wherein if the power switch is switched off, the power source does not provide electrical power, and wherein if the power switch is switched on, the power source provides electrical power. 8. The retrieving device of claim 1, wherein at least one of the camera and the monitor include a computer memory and an electronic processor, wherein the memory is configured to perform at least one of store the image data of the area, the image data associated with the object, and user preferences associated with the object. 9. The retrieving device of claim 1, wherein the power source comprises one of a battery, an electrical adapter, or a solar power source. 10. The retrieving device of claim 1, further comprising a handle positioned at a proximal end of the retriever pole. 11. A method for retrieving an object using a retrieving device, the method comprising: searching an area for the object by utilizing the retrieving device, wherein the retrieving device includes a scooping device configured to retrieve the object when the scooping device is positioned over the object; recording image data of the area and image data associated with the object by utilizing a camera of the retrieving device; transmitting a signal including the image data of the area and the image data associated with the object from the camera to a monitor of the retrieving device; displaying the image data of the area and the image data associated with the object via the monitor based on the signal; determining a location of the object based on the image data of the area and the image data associated with the object that is displayed via the monitor; and retrieving the object using the scooping device after determining the location of the object. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising detecting a shape of the object by utilizing a sensor electrically coupled to the monitor and the camera, and further comprising causing one of an audio signal or a visual signal to be emitted when the shape of the object is detected. 13. The method of claim 11, further comprising detecting reflections of light reflecting off of the object by utilizing a sensor electrically coupled to the monitor and the camera, and further comprising causing one of an audio signal or a visual signal to be emitted when the reflections of light are detected. 14. The method of claim 11, further comprising emitting one of an audio signal and a visual signal which increase in intensity as the retrieving device increases proximity to the object, and further comprising emitting one of an audio signal and a visual signal which decrease in intensity as the retrieving device increases distance from the object. 15. The method of claim 11, further comprising detaching the camera, the monitor, and an electrical wire coupling the camera to the monitor from the retrieving device, and further comprising reattaching the camera, the monitor and the electrical wire to a different retrieving device. 16. The method of claim 11, further comprising extending a retriever pole of the retrieving device to increase a length of the retrieving device, and further comprising retracting the retriever pole of the retrieving device to decrease the length of the retrieving device. 17. The method of claim 11, further comprising storing the image data of the area and the image data associated with the object in a computer memory of at least one of the camera and the monitor. 18. A kit for a retrieving device, the kit comprising: an extendable retriever pole configured to increase a length of the retrieving device when extended and decrease a length of the retrieving device when retracted; a camera attachable to the extendable retriever pole and configured to record image data associated with an area and an object; a monitor attachable to the extendable retriever pole and configured to display the image data associated with the area and the object; a power source configured to provide power to the camera and the monitor; and an electrical wire connectable to the camera, the monitor, and the power source. 19. The kit for the retrieving device of claim 18, further comprising a scooping device configured to attach to an end of the extendable retriever pole and configured to retrieve the object. 20. The kit for the retrieving device of claim 18, further comprising a rack for covering the electrical wire and configured to be attachable to the retrieving device, and further comprising a tension device configured to maintain tension on the electrical wire when the electrical wire is extended with the extendable retriever pole or retracted with the extendable retriever pole. 