A solar concentrator assembly comprises a segmented wave-guide assembly, a reflective mirror assembly, and an optical target-providing unit. A segmented waveguide assembly comprises a plurality of wave-guide segments, each segment comprising a set of surfaces disposed so as to support TIR propagation of solar energy and a turn mirror affixed thereto and disposed to receive solar energy from a mirror of the reflective mirror assembly and reflect said solar energy into the wave-guide segment at angles compatible with TIR propagation. The reflective mirror assembly comprises a plurality of mirrors each being aligned to reflect the solar energy to a turn mirror affixed to each wave-guide segment. The optical target providing unit converts solar energy from the light propagated in the wave-guide assembly to a different form of energy.
Claims 1. A solar concentrator assembly comprising a mirror assembly comprising a plurality of mirror segments, a wave-guide assembly comprising a like number of wave-guide segments with turn mirrors affixed thereto, a light tunnel assembly and a photovoltaic cell assembly, and Wherein said wave-guide assembly is substantially parallel to the longitudinal axis of the mirror assembly and wherein said wave-guide assembly is substantially centered over the transverse axis of said mirror assembly, and where said wave-guide assembly is positioned above said mirror assembly Wherein said turn mirrors are disposed near the focal point of the mirror segments to receive reflected solar radiation from said mirror segments and convert said solar radiation to angles such that the solar radiation propagates within the wave-guide segments in TIR mode, and wherein said TIR may occur between any surfaces of said wave-guide segment, and Wherein a light tunnel receives solar energy and relays said solar energy to a photovoltaic cell assembly disposed to receive solar energy from said light tunnel assembly and to convert said solar energy to electrical energy. 2. The solar concentrator assembly of claim 1 wherein the light tunnel assembly comprise a light tunnel and means for mounting said light tunnel 3. The solar concentrator assembly of claim 2 wherein the means for mounting the light tunnel is a flange assembly 4. The solar concentrator assembly of claim 3 wherein the light tunnel assembly is affixed to the photovoltaic cell assembly 5. The solar concentrator assembly of claim 3 wherein the light tunnel assembly is affixed to the mirror assembly??? 6. The solar concentrator assembly of claim 1 wherein the photovoltaic cell comprises a heat sink and a photovoltaic cell affixed to said heat sink 7. The solar concentrator assembly of claim 6 wherein the photovoltaic cell comprises a heat sink, a photovoltaic cell affixed to the heat sink, a light tunnel affixed to a mounting flange, said mounting flange affixed by mounting means to the heat sink. 8. The solar concentrator assembly of claim 1 wherein the turn mirror is disposed on an angled surface, said angle being approximately 45 degrees to the upper and lower surface of a wave-guide segment with the longer side disposed closer to the concentrator mirror assembly. 9. The solar concentrator assembly of claim 8 wherein the turn mirror is formed by a coating on the angled surface. 10. The solar concentrator assembly of claim 8 wherein the turn mirror is a separate mirror affixed in close proximity to the angled surface with an air gap between said angle surface and said mirror. 11. The solar concentrator assembly of claim 1 wherein the turn-mirror is disposed on an angled surface, said angle being approximately 30 degrees to the upper and lower surface of a wave-guide segment with the longer side closest to the concentrator mirror assembly. 12. The solar concentrator assembly of claim 11 wherein the turn-mirror is formed by a coating on the angled surface. 13. The solar concentrator assembly of claim 11 wherein the turn mirror is a separate mirror affixed in close proximity to the angled surface with an air gap between said angle surface and said mirror. 14. The solar concentrator assembly of claim 1 wherein the turn-mirror comprises a dielectric coating. 15. The solar concentrator assembly of claim 1 wherein the wave-guide assembly comprises a monolithic assembly with a plurality of turn mirrors. 16. The solar concentrator assembly of claim 1 wherein the mirror assembly comprises a plurality of separate concentrator mirrors. 17. The solar concentrator assembly of claim 1 wherein the mirror assembly comprises a monolithic structure including concentrator mirrors and assembly frame. 18. The solar concentrator assembly of claim 1 wherein the wave-guide assembly comprises a plurality of wave-guide segments. (redundant to claim 15?) 19. The solar concentrator assembly of claim 19 wherein the wave-guide assembly and the concentrator mirror assembly are fabricated from materials with substantially different coefficients of thermal expansion. 20. The solar concentrator assembly of claim 19 wherein the wave-guide segments are held by a support assembly that maintain substantial optical alignment between the turn mirror affixed to the wave-guide segment and the concentrator mirror segment associated with it over a range of operating temperatures. 21. A solar concentrator system unit comprising: A plurality of solar concentrator assemblies each comprising a mirror assembly comprising a plurality of mirror segments, a wave-guide assembly comprising a like number of wave-guide segments with turn mirrors affixed thereto, a light tunnel assembly and a photovoltaic cell assembly, and Wherein said wave-guide assembly is substantially parallel to the longitudinal axis of the mirror assembly and wherein said wave-guide assembly is substantially centered over the transverse axis of said mirror assembly, and where said wave-guide assembly is positioned above said mirror assembly Wherein said turn mirrors are disposed near the focal point of the mirror segments to receive reflected solar radiation from said mirror segments and convert said solar radiation to angles such that the solar radiation propagates within the wave-guide segments in TIR mode, and wherein said TIR may occur between any surfaces of said wave-guide segment, and Wherein a light tunnel receives solar energy and relays said solar energy to a photovoltaic cell assembly disposed to receive solar energy from said light tunnel assembly and to convert said solar energy to electrical energy, and Said solar concentrator system unit further comprising a wiring assembly to connect the electrical energy thereby gathered to a suitable external point of the solar concentrator system unit. 22. The solar concentrator system unit of claim 21 wherein the suitable external electrical connection point is on the periphery of a weather cover frame. 23. The solar concentrator system of claim 21 wherein the wiring assembly connects the solar concentrator assemblies to the external electrical connection point in series. 24. The solar concentrator system of claim 21 wherein the wiring assembly connects the solar concentrator assemblies to the external electrical connection point in parallel. 