A thermal module for mounting to and using with a solar inverter includes a heat sink, at least one cooling module, and a thermal insulator. The heat sink has a heat-receiving portion and a heat-radiating portion, and the cooling module has a hot side and a cold side. The hot side of the cooling module is in contact with the heat-receiving portion of the heat sink while the cold side is in contact with a heat-producing source on the solar inverter. The thermal insulator is provided in a space between the heat-receiving portion of the heat sink, the cooling module, and the heat-producing source of the solar inverter. With the cooling module provided between the heat sink and the solar inverter, the solar inverter can have largely upgraded heat dissipation efficiency.
Claims 1. A thermal module for mounting to and using with a solar inverter, comprising: a heat sink having a heat-receiving portion located at one side thereof and a heat-radiating portion located at another side opposite to the heat-receiving portion; at least one cooling module having a hot side and a cold side; the hot side being in contact with the heat-receiving portion of the heat sink, and the cold side being in contact with the solar inverter; and a thermal insulator being provided between the heat-receiving portion of the heat sink, the cooling module, and the solar inverter. 2. The thermal module as claimed in claim 1, wherein the heat-radiating portion of the heat sink includes a plurality of radiating fins. 3. The thermal module as claimed in claim 1, wherein the thermal insulator is thermal insulating sponge. 4. The thermal module as claimed in claim 1, wherein the heat-receiving portion of the heat sink is provided with at least one raised area, with which the hot side of the at least one cooling module contacts. 5. The thermal module as claimed in claim 1, wherein the heat sink is an extruded aluminum heat sink. 6. The thermal module as claimed in claim 1, wherein the heat sink is a die-casting aluminum heat sink. 7. The thermal module as claimed in claim 1, wherein the solar inverter has at least one heat-producing source. 