Three-dimensional photovoltaic devices and power conversion structures associated therewith are provided.
Claims 1. A three-dimensional photovoltaic device comprising: one or more solar cells arranged within a volume, the one or more solar cells having a photovoltaic surface having at least one concave face and a first area and a second area, wherein the first area is configured to reflect light to the second area. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the photoelectric surface is continuous over one or more of the at least one concave face. 3. The device of claim 2, wherein the device photoelectric surface is continuous over each of the at least one concave face. 4. The device of claim 1, wherein the one or more solar cells include at least one flat panel solar cell. 5. The device of claim 1, wherein the one or more solar cells include at least one double-sided flat panel solar cell. 6. The device of claim 1, wherein the volume has a height from 1 mm to 10 m, a width from 1 mm to 10 m, and a depth from 1 mm to 10 m. 7. The device of claim 1, wherein the volume has a midpoint, a height, a width and a depth, and the height is equal to the width and the depth. 8. The device of claim 7, wherein the at least one concave face includes at least four concave faces having respective centers at respective sides of the cube, and the respective centers extend toward the midpoint. 9. The device of claim 7, wherein the at least one concave face includes at least five concave faces having respective centers at respective sides of the cube, and the respective centers extend toward the midpoint. 10. The device of claim 1 further comprising one or more operably connected zones, wherein each of the one or more operably connected zones includes at least a portion of the photovoltaic surface; and a power conversion architecture operably connecting the one or more zones to at least one power output, wherein the photoelectric surface in a zone is configured to receive the same range of insolation levels over a given period of insolation. 11. The device of claim 1 further comprising one or more operably connected zones, wherein each of the one or more operably connected zones includes at least a portion of the photovoltaic surface; and a power conversion architecture operably connecting the one or more zones to at least one power output, wherein respective ones of the one or more zones include at least one of a single one of the one or more solar cells, a group of the one or more solar cells connected in series, or a group of the one or more solar cells connected in parallel. 12. The device of claim 11, wherein the power conversion architecture includes a plurality of dc-dc power converters having converter inputs and converter outputs, and each of the one or more zones is connected to a respective converter input and each converter output is connected to a common bus. 13. The device of claim 11, wherein the power conversion architecture includes a plurality of dc-dc power converters having respective converter inputs and converter outputs, and each zone is connected to a respective input; the converter outputs are connected to one another in series or cascade; and the output of the three-dimensional photovoltaic device is connected to a dc-ac inverter. 14. A system including a plurality of the devices of claim 11 operably connected through the at least one power output. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the power conversion architecture includes a plurality of dc-dc power converters having converter inputs and converter outputs, and each of the one or more zones is connected to a respective converter input and each converter output is connected to a common bus. 16. The system of claim 14, wherein the power conversion architecture includes a plurality of dc-dc power converters having respective converter inputs and converter outputs, and each zone is connected to a respective input; the converter outputs are connected to one another in series or cascade; and the output of each of the three-dimensional photovoltaic devices is connected to a dc-ac inverter. 17. The system of claim 14, wherein the at least one power output is a dc-ac inverter and individual ones of the plurality of the three-dimensional photovoltaic devices are connected to one another through respective connections to the dc-ac inverter. 18. The system of claim 14 further comprising a substrate fixed to the at least one three-dimensional photovoltaic device. 19. The system of claim 14, wherein the substrate is selected from the group consisting of clothing, paper, rock, brick, pavement, cement and soil. 20. The system of claim 19, wherein the substrate is clothing and the volume has a height from 1 mm to 1 cm, a width from 1 mm to 1 cm, and a depth from 1 mm to 1 cm. 21. The system of claim 14, wherein at least one of the plurality of the three-dimensional photovoltaic devices fixed to a second of the plurality of the three-dimensional photovoltaic devices. 22. A method of optimizing a three-dimensional photovoltaic device comprising: defining a plurality of devices, each of the devices including a respective plurality of solar cells having coordinates in Cartesian space, wherein each of the respective solar cells has a respective geometric shape and the respective plurality of solar cells for each of the plurality of devices are confined to a respective volume, and the respective volume includes a first face, a second face, a third face, and a fourth face; testing the energy produced by each of the plurality of devices; randomly selecting a set of s devices from the plurality of devices and choosing one of the devices in the set of s to proceed to a mating pool, wherein the one of the devices is chosen based on the energy of the one being higher than the energy of the devices remaining in the set of s; reiterating the randomly selecting step until two or more of the devices are in the mating pool; forming random pairs of the devices in the mating pool, crossing solar cell coordinates within the random pairs, and perturbing at least one coordinate of the solar cells in the random pairs; assessing the energy production of the devices; and repeating the testing, selecting, reiterating, forming, crossing, perturbing and assessing steps until a three-dimensional structure with maximal energy production is achieved. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein the geometric shapes are triangles. 24. The method of claim 22, wherein the number of solar cells in the respective plurality of solar cells in each respective one of the devices is in the range of 64-1,000. 25. The method of claim 22, wherein the solar cells are double-sided. 26. The method of claim 22, wherein the solar cells have a spectral-averaged power reflectance, R, and R is constant. 27. The method of claim 26, wherein R is 4.1%. 28. The method of claim 22, wherein the solar cells have a power conversion efficiency, h, and h is constant. 29. The method of claim 28, wherein h is 6%. 30. The method of claim 22, wherein the first face points east, the second face points west, the third face points north, and the fourth face points south. 