A solar energy plant may include a DC bus, photovoltaic panels coupled in parallel to the DC bus, each photovoltaic panel having a DC/DC converter, and a first controller controlling the DC/DC converter depending on whether a voltage on the DC bus is equal to or greater than a first threshold and lower than or equal to a second threshold. The solar energy plant may include a DC/AC inverter coupled to the DC bus and outputting an output AC voltage, an auxiliary start-up power supply charging a parasitic capacitance on the DC bus up to the first threshold, and a second controller turning on the auxiliary start-up power supply based upon a start command, and turning off the auxiliary start-up power supply and simultaneously turning on the DC/AC inverter.
Claims 1-7. (canceled) 8. A solar energy plant comprising: a direct current (DC) bus; a plurality of photovoltaic panels coupled in parallel to said DC bus, each photovoltaic panel having a DC/DC converter, and a first controller configured to enable and disable said DC/DC converter depending on whether a voltage on said DC bus is equal to or greater than a first threshold and lower than or equal to a second threshold; a DC/alternating current (AC) inverter configured to be coupled to said DC bus and to output an output AC voltage; an auxiliary start-up power supply configured to charge a parasitic capacitance on said DC bus up to the first threshold; and a second controller configured to turn on said auxiliary start-up power supply based upon a start command, and to turn off said auxiliary start-up power supply and simultaneously turn on said DC/AC inverter when the voltage on said DC bus reaches a third threshold in an input voltage operating range of said DC/AC inverter. 9. The solar energy plant according to claim 8 wherein said respective first controllers and said second controller cooperate to provide synchronous enablement-disablement of said plurality of photovoltaic panels. 10. The solar energy plant according to claim 8 wherein said DC/AC inverter is coupled to a public electric distribution network; and wherein said auxiliary start-up power supply is powered by the public electric distribution network. 11. The solar energy plant according to claim 8 wherein the second threshold is equal to or greater than an upper limit voltage of the input voltage operating range of said DC/AC inverter. 12. The solar energy plant according to claim 11 wherein said auxiliary start-up power supply comprises a switched mode power supply (SMPS) type. 13. The solar energy plant according to claim 8 wherein the second threshold comprises a maximum limit threshold. 14. The solar energy plant according to claim 8 wherein said DC bus comprises a common DC bus. 15. The solar energy plant according to claim 8 wherein said DC/DC converter comprises an on-board DC-DC converter integrated in the respective photovoltaic panel. 16. The solar energy plant according to claim 8 wherein said DC-AC inverter is configured to provide the output AC voltage at a set amplitude and frequency based a public electric distribution network. 17. A solar energy plant comprising: a direct current (DC) bus; a plurality of photovoltaic panels coupled in parallel to said DC bus, each photovoltaic panel having a DC/DC converter, and a first controller configured to enable and disable said DC/DC converter depending on whether a voltage on said DC bus is equal to or greater than a first threshold and lower than or equal to a second threshold; a DC/alternating current (AC) inverter configured to be coupled to said DC bus and to output an output AC voltage to a public electric distribution network; an auxiliary start-up power supply configured to be powered by the public electric distribution network and to charge a parasitic capacitance on said DC bus up to the first threshold; and a second controller configured to turn on said auxiliary start-up power supply based upon a start command, and to turn off said auxiliary start-up power supply and simultaneously turn on said DC/AC inverter when the voltage on said DC bus reaches a third threshold in an input voltage operating range of said DC/AC inverter, thereby providing synchronous enablement-disablement of said plurality of photovoltaic panels. 18. The solar energy plant according to claim 17 wherein the second threshold is equal to or greater than an upper limit voltage of the input voltage operating range of said DC/AC inverter. 19. The solar energy plant according to claim 17 wherein said auxiliary start-up power supply comprises a switched mode power supply (SMPS) type. 20. The solar energy plant according to claim 17 wherein the second threshold comprises a maximum limit threshold. 21. A device for operating a solar energy plant comprising: a first controller associated with a respective photovoltaic panel from a plurality thereof and configured to enable and disable a direct current (DC)/DC converter associated with the respective photovoltaic panel depending on whether a voltage on a DC bus coupled to plurality of photovoltaic panels is equal to or greater than a first threshold and lower than or equal to a second threshold; a DC/alternating current (AC) inverter configured to be coupled to the DC bus and to output an output AC voltage; an auxiliary start-up power supply configured to charge a parasitic capacitance on the DC bus up to the first threshold; and a second controller configured to turn on said auxiliary start-up power supply based upon a start command, and to turn off said auxiliary start-up power supply and simultaneously turn on said DC/AC inverter when the voltage on the DC bus reaches a third threshold in an input voltage operating range of said DC/AC inverter. 22. The device according to claim 21 wherein said first controller and said second controller cooperate to provide synchronous enablement-disablement of the plurality of photovoltaic panels. 23. The device according to claim 21 wherein said DC/AC inverter is coupled to a public electric distribution network; and wherein said auxiliary start-up power supply is powered by the public electric distribution network. 24. The device according to claim 21 wherein the second threshold is equal to or greater than an upper limit voltage of the input voltage operating range of said DC/AC inverter. 25. The device according to claim 24 wherein said auxiliary start-up power supply comprises a switched mode power supply (SMPS) type. 26. The device according to claim 21 wherein the second threshold comprises a maximum limit threshold. 27. A method of synchronously enabling and disabling a plurality of photovoltaic panels coupled in parallel to a direct current (DC) bus of a solar energy plant, each photovoltaic panel including an DC/DC converter, and a first controller for turning on and off the DC/DC converter, the DC bus coupled to an input of a main DC/alternating current (AC) inverter controlled by a second controller, the method comprising: fixing a first voltage threshold for wake-up of the plurality of photovoltaic panels, and a second voltage threshold, and a third voltage threshold in an input voltage operating range of the DC/AC inverter; monitoring a voltage present on the DC bus using the first controller in each photovoltaic panel, and enabling/disabling the respective DC/DC converter depending on whether the voltage on the DC bus is equal to or greater than the first voltage threshold and lesser than or equal to the second voltage threshold; and at every start command of the solar energy plant, charging a parasitic capacitance on the DC bus with an auxiliary power supply turned on by the second controller and turned off upon the voltage on the DC bus exceeding third voltage threshold while simultaneously turning on the DC/AC inverter. 28. The method according to claim 27 wherein the second voltage threshold is equal to or greater than an upper limit voltage of the input voltage operating range of said DC/AC inverter. 29. The method according to claim 27 wherein the DC/AC inverter is coupled to a public electric distribution network; and wherein the auxiliary start-up power supply is powered by the public electric distribution network. 30. The method according to claim 27 wherein the second voltage threshold comprises a maximum voltage limit threshold. 31. A method of making a solar energy plant comprising: coupling a plurality of photovoltaic panels in parallel to a direct current (DC) bus, each photovoltaic panel having a DC/DC converter, and a first controller enabling and disabling the respective DC/DC converter depending on whether a voltage on the DC bus is equal to or greater than a first threshold and lower than or equal to a second threshold; coupling a DC/alternating current (AC) inverter to the DC bus and to output an output AC voltage; coupling an auxiliary start-up power supply to charge a parasitic capacitance on the DC bus up to the first threshold; and coupling a second controller to turn on the auxiliary start-up power supply based upon a start command, and to turn off the auxiliary start-up power supply and simultaneously turn on the DC/AC inverter when the voltage on the DC bus reaches a third threshold in an input voltage operating range of the DC/AC inverter. 32. The method according to claim 31 wherein the respective first controllers and the second controller cooperate to provide synchronous enablement-disablement of the plurality of photovoltaic panels. 33. The method according to claim 31 further comprising coupling the DC/AC inverter to be coupled to a public electric distribution network; and coupling the auxiliary start-up power supply to be powered by the public electric distribution network. 