An electronic component comprising a half bridge adapted for operation with an electrical load having an operating frequency is described. The half bridge comprises a first switch and a second switch each having a switching frequency, the first switch and the second switch each including a first terminal, a second terminal, and a control terminal, wherein the first terminal of the first switch and the second terminal of the second switch are both electrically connected to a node. The electronic component further includes a filter having a 3 dB roll-off frequency, the 3 dB roll-off frequency being less than the switching frequency of the switches but greater than the operating frequency of the electrical load. The first terminal of the filter is electrically coupled to the node, and the 3 dB roll-off frequency of the filter is greater than 5 kHz.
Claims 1. An electronic component, comprising: a half bridge adapted for operation with an electrical load having an operating frequency, the half bridge comprising a first switch and a second switch each having a switching frequency, the first switch and the second switch each including a first terminal, a second terminal, and a control terminal, wherein the first terminal of the first switch and the second terminal of the second switch are both electrically connected to a node; and a filter having a 3 dB roll-off frequency, the 3 dB roll-off frequency being less than the switching frequency of the switches but greater than the operating frequency of the electrical load, and the first terminal of the filter being electrically coupled to the node; wherein the 3 dB roll-off frequency of the filter is greater than 5 kHz. 2. The electronic component of claim 1, wherein the 3 dB roll-off frequency of the filter is at least 10 kHz. 3. The electronic component of claim 1, wherein the first switch is a first transistor and the second switch is a second transistor. 4. The electrical component of claim 3, wherein the half bridge consists of the first transistor and the second transistor. 5. The electronic component of claim 3, wherein the first transistor and the second transistor are III-N devices. 6. The electronic component of claim 3, wherein the first transistor or the second transistor is a switching transistor. 7. The electronic component of claim 6, wherein the first transistor or the second transistor is capable of being switched at a frequency of about 80 kHz or larger without sustaining substantial switching losses. 8. The electronic component of claim 3, wherein the first transistor and the second transistor are field-effect transistors. 9. The electronic component of claim 8, wherein the first terminal of the first transistor is a drain terminal, and the second terminal of the second transistor is a source terminal. 10. The electronic component of claim 8, wherein the first terminal of the second transistor is a drain terminal, and the drain terminal of the second transistor is electrically connected to a high voltage supply. 11. The electronic component of claim 8, wherein the control terminals of the first transistor and the second transistor are gate terminals. 12. The electronic component of claim 1, wherein the half bridge is free of diodes. 13. The electronic component of claim 1, further comprising an electrical connector connecting an electrical load to a second terminal of the filter. 14. The electronic component of claim 13, wherein the electrical connector is a cable. 15. The electronic component of claim 13, wherein the electrical load comprises a motor. 16. The electronic component of claim 1, wherein the filter comprises an inductive element and a capacitive element. 17. The electronic component of claim 16, wherein the inductive element of the filter is a first inductive element, and the electrical load comprises a second inductive element. 18. The electronic component of claim 13, wherein the electrical load comprises a photovoltaic cell. 19. The electronic component of claim 13, wherein the electrical load has an operating frequency of about 1 kHz or larger. 20. The electronic component of claim 1, wherein the electronic component is part of an inverter circuit. 21. The electronic component of claim 1, wherein the electronic component is capable of outputting a substantially sinusoidal AC voltage signal. 22. The electronic component of claim 21, wherein a frequency of the AC voltage signal is about 1 kHz or larger. 23. The electronic component of claim 1, wherein the electronic component is capable of outputting a substantially sinusoidal AC current. 24. The electronic component of claim 23, wherein a frequency of the AC current is about 1 kHz or larger. 25. The electronic component of claim 1, wherein a cut-off frequency of the filter is greater than 50 kHz. 26. An electronic component, comprising: a half bridge adapted for operation with an electrical load having an operating frequency, the half bridge comprising a first switch and a second switch each having a switching frequency, the first switch and the second switch each including a first terminal, a second terminal, and a control terminal, wherein the first terminal of the first switch and the second terminal of the second switch are both electrically connected to a node; and a filter, a first terminal of the filter being electrically coupled to the node; wherein the half bridge and the filter form a module, and a volume of the module divided by a maximum output power of the electronic component is less than 6 cm.sup.3/Watt. 27. The electronic component of claim 26, wherein the volume of the module is less than 360,000 cm.sup.3. 28. The electronic component of claim 26, wherein the footprint of the module is less than 11,250 cm.sup.2. 29. The electronic component of claim 26, wherein the volume of the module is less than 1800 cm.sup.3. 30. The electronic component of claim 26, wherein the footprint of the module is less than 225 cm.sup.2. 31. The electronic component of claim 26, wherein the maximum output power of the electronic component is at least 100 Watts. 32. The electronic component of claim 26, further comprising an electrical connector connecting an electrical load to a second terminal of the filter. 33. The electronic component of claim 32, wherein the electrical connector is a cable. 34. The electronic component of claim 32, wherein the electrical load comprises a motor. 35. The electronic component of claim 32, wherein the inductive element of the filter is a first inductive element, and the electrical load comprises a second inductive element. 36. The electronic component of claim 32, wherein the electrical load comprises a photovoltaic cell. 37. The electronic component of claim 32, wherein the electrical load has an operating frequency of about 1 kHz or larger. 38. The electronic component of claim 26, wherein the electronic component is part of an inverter circuit. 39. The electronic component of claim 26, wherein the electronic component is capable of outputting a substantially sinusoidal AC voltage signal. 40. The electronic component of claim 39, wherein a frequency of the AC voltage signal is about 1 kHz or larger. 41. The electronic component of claim 26, wherein the electronic component is capable of outputting a substantially sinusoidal AC current. 42. The electronic component of claim 41, wherein a frequency of the AC current is about 1 kHz or larger. 43. The electronic component of claim 26, wherein the half bridge and the filter are on a common substrate. 44. The electronic component of claim 43, wherein the substrate comprises a printed circuit board. 45. The electronic component of claim 26, wherein the filter comprises an inductive element and a capacitive element. 46. An electronic component, comprising: a half bridge adapted for operation with an electrical load having an operating frequency, the half bridge comprising a first switch and a second switch each having a switching frequency, the first switch and the second switch each including a first terminal, a second terminal, and a control terminal, wherein the first terminal of the first switch and the second terminal of the second switch are both electrically connected to a node; and a filter having a 3 dB roll-off frequency, the 3 dB roll-off frequency being less than the switching frequency of the switches but greater than the operating frequency of the electrical load, and the first terminal of the filter being electrically coupled to the node; wherein the first switch and the second switch are each capable of being switched at a frequency of about 80 kHz or larger without sustaining substantial switching losses. 47. The electronic component of claim 46, wherein the 3 dB roll-off frequency of the filter is greater than 5 kHz. 48. The electronic component of claim 46, wherein a cut-off frequency of the filter is greater than 50 kHz. 49. The electronic component of claim 46, wherein the first switch comprises a first transistor and the second switch comprises a second transistor. 50. The electrical component of claim 49, wherein the half bridge consists of the first transistor and the second transistor. 51. The electronic component of claim 49, wherein the first transistor and the second transistor are III-N devices. 52. The electronic component of claim 49, wherein the first transistor and the second transistor are field-effect transistors. 53. The electronic component of claim 52, wherein the first terminal is a drain terminal of the first transistor, and the second terminal is a source terminal of the second transistor. 54. The electronic component of claim 52, wherein the second terminal is a source terminal of the first transistor, and the source terminal of the first transistor is electrically connected to ground. 55. The electronic component of claim 52, wherein the first terminal is a drain terminal of the second transistor, and the drain terminal of the second transistor is electrically connected to a high voltage supply. 56. The electronic component of claim 52, wherein the control terminals of the first switch and the second switch are gate terminals of the first and second transistors, respectively. 57. The electronic component of claim 46, wherein the half bridge is free of diodes. 58. The electronic component of claim 46, further comprising an electrical connector connecting an electrical load to a second terminal of the filter. 59. The electronic component of claim 58, wherein the electrical connector is a cable. 60. The electronic component of claim 58, wherein the electrical load comprises a motor. 61. The electronic component of claim 46, wherein the filter comprises an inductive element and a capacitive element. 62. The electronic component of claim 61, wherein the inductive element of the filter is a first inductive element, and the electrical load comprises a second inductive element. 63. The electronic component of claim 46, wherein the electrical load comprises a photovoltaic cell. 64. The electronic component of claim 46, wherein the electrical load has an operating frequency of about 1 kHz or larger. 65. The electronic component of claim 46, wherein the electronic component is part of an inverter circuit. 66. The electronic component of claim 46, wherein the electronic component is capable of outputting a substantially sinusoidal AC voltage signal. 67. The electronic component of claim 66, wherein a frequency of the AC voltage signal is about 1 kHz or larger. 68. The electronic component of claim 46, wherein the electronic component is capable of outputting a substantially sinusoidal AC current. 69. The electronic component of claim 68, wherein a frequency of the AC current is about 1 kHz or larger. 