`Underground Thermal Battery Storage System` using a battery structure of one or more underground thermally insulated cells, where each cell comprised of a waterproof thermal insulation shell, one or more fluid storage tanks and earth matrix. The thermal storage cell's fluid storage tanks are interconnected using a thermal fluid transport system with control valves, circulating pumps, and managed by a programmable controller. The programmable controller uses the cell sensors to determine cell status, control cell interconnections, and to manage the thermal charging and discharging by exterior heating or cooling devices. A moisture injection system is provided to control the thermal conductivity within the cell's earth matrix.
Claims 1. An `Underground Thermal Battery Storage System` for storing thermal energy which is comprised of one or more buried thermally shielded cells (1-1)(1-2), wherein: the buried thermally shielded cell(s) contain a rigid foam insulating shell (1a), a water proof barrier (1g), one or more thermal fluid storage tanks (1b)(1b2), earth matrix (1c) surrounding the thermal fluid storage tank, a earth moisture injection system (1f)(1f2), tank fill line(s), and the thermal fluid storage tank(s) (1b)(1b2) is thermally coupled to a thermal fluid transport system. 2. The `Underground Thermal Battery Storage System`, as recited in claim 1, wherein the rigid foam insulating shell (1a), includes the top and 4 full height sides which forms a thermal dome and allows thermal coupling to the deep earth zone beneath the cell. 3. The `Underground Thermal Battery Storage System`, as recited in claim 1, wherein the rigid foam insulating shell (1a), includes the top, and 3 full height sides which allows thermal energy to be focused and coupled with the surrounding earth beneath and in the direction of the omitted side. 4. The `Underground Thermal Battery Storage System`, as recited in claim 1, wherein the rigid foam insulating shell (1a), includes the top, and 4 partial height sides which allows greater thermal coupling of the thermal energy to the earth zone beneath the thermally shielded cell. 5. The `Underground Thermal Battery Storage System`, as recited in claim 1, wherein a moisture injection system (1f) may be installed beneath the rigid foam insulating shell. 6. The moisture injection system, as recited in claim 5, wherein one embodiment of moisture injection system (1f) is water based, includes perforated piping, and includes flow control valve(s) (13) (15), and is connected to a pressurized water system. 7. The `Underground Thermal Battery Storage System`, as recited in claim 1, wherein the earth matrix material (1c) consists of natural on site soils, sand, or gravel using minimum excavation. 8. The `Underground Thermal Battery Storage System`, as recited in claim 1, wherein the thermal fluid storage tank(s) contains water (1e) and the water in the fluid transport system directly exchanges with the fluid storage tank water when operating conditions are always above 0 degrees C. 9. The `Underground Thermal Battery Storage System`, as recited in claim 1, wherein the thermal fluid storage tank(s) contains water and a heat exchanger (1d) for operating conditions extending below 0 degrees C., and the anti-freeze thermal transport fluid is thermally coupled to the water in the fluid storage tank by the heat exchanger (1d). 10. The earth matrix, as recited in claim 7, where temperature sensor(s) (Ts) and moisture sensor(s) (Ms) are located in the earth matrix. 11. The thermal fluid storage tank, as recited in claim 1, contains a temperature sensor(s) (Ts) located in inside the tank(s). 12. A heating and cooling system for a structure or other low temperature thermal process using a `Underground Thermal Battery System` (1), a heat pump (2), a surface heat exchanger (3), fluid transport system, and a domestic hot water tank (4) with internal heat exchanger (9). 13. The heating and cooling system, as recited in claim 12, wherein the fluid thermal transport system contains thermal transport fluid, piping, automatic control valves (11)(13) (14) (15)(16), circulating pumps (5)(6), and programmable controller (12) allowing program control of how the thermal storage cells are interconnected--when two or more cells are included, and how the fluid transport system transfers the thermal energy into or out of the cell volumes. 14. A heating and cooling system, as recited in claim 13, where the surface heat exchanger is a thermal solar collector, or a thermal radiator. 15. A programmable controller, as recited in claim 13 which provides monitoring and display of system sensors, and programmable control of system circulating pumps, and flow control valves using system sensor inputs. 