The disclosure is to provide a battery pack apparatus including in one form a multi-channel network charging apparatus and a multi-channel battery power supply module. A battery pack apparatus using sunlight and commercial electricity, and comprising a solar cell panel, a charging apparatus, a monitoring unit, and a battery power supply module, can perform quick charging using a multi-channel network method when charging a charging battery of a multi-channel battery power supply module with electricity generated from collected sunlight and commercial electricity, enables easy replacement of a charging battery as charging batteries of the multi-channel battery power supply module are mounted in a configuration enabling the independent respective detachment thereof, wherein one network control board is inserted in each of the four charging batteries in order to control the four charging batteries and to detect the input voltages, input currents, output voltages, and output currents thereof.
Claims 1. A battery pack apparatus which uses electricity generated from a solar panel and a commercial power source and includes a multi-channel 4-terminal network charging module and a 32-channel battery power-supply module, the apparatus comprising: a. a main frame; b. a 32-channel 4-terminal charging unit which i. is formed in the main frame, ii. is connected to positive and negative connection terminals of a charging battery of a 32-channel battery power-supply module, iii. reads an input voltage, iv. an input current, v. an output voltage, and an output current of the charging battery, vi. performs detection and operation processing by a 4-terminal network, and vii. charges a 32-channel battery power-supply unit using a 32-channel 4-terminal network scheme; and c. a 32-channel battery power-supply unit including 32 charging battery cell structures, in which an input voltage detection terminal and an input current detection terminal of the 32-channel 4-terminal charging unit are connected to a positive terminal of each charging battery, and an output voltage detection terminal and an output current detection terminal of the 32-channel 4-terminal charging unit are connected to a negative terminal of each charging battery. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the 32-channel 4-terminal charging unit comprises: a. a power control unit which performs a power control function in such a manner that electricity generated from the solar panel and the commercial power source are converted according to capacity of a charging battery unit, and the converted electricity and commercial power source are provided; b. a microprocessor which receives a power signal controlled by the power control unit, transmits a wake-up driving signal to each device, reads an input voltage, an input current, an output voltage, an output current of each charging battery unit through a 4-terminal network control board, performs detection and operation processing using a 4-terminal network, performs sampling at a specific timing point where the 32-channel battery power-supply unit is charged according to a 32-channel 4-terminal network scheme, controls the 32-channel battery power-supply unit to be sequentially charged through 32 channels, and controls a monitoring unit to display a status of the charging battery unit and a status of the 32-channel power-supply unit; and c. a 4-terminal network control board which is detachably inserted into one group of charging battery units equal to four battery units, from among constituent elements of the 32-channel battery power-supply module, and is connected to the positive and negative terminals of each charging battery unit, reads an input voltage, an input current, an output voltage, and an output current of the charging battery unit, converts an analog signal into a digital signal, such that an 8-bit digital signal related to the input voltage, the input current, the output voltage, and the output current of the charging battery unit are applied to the microprocessor. 3. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein the power control unit controls the electricity or the commercial power source to be higher than capacity of the charging battery unit by a predetermined voltage of 1V through resistors, applies the resultant electricity or commercial power source to a specific terminal of a DC/DC converter, a. wherein, if the electricity generated from the solar panel or the commercial source is voltage-division processed through resistors, and the voltage-division result is applied to a terminal of the DC/DC converter and a current peak sense terminal, a comparator compares a first voltage applied to a comparison inverting input terminal of the DC/DC converter with an internal reference voltage, b. if the first voltage is higher than the reference voltage, a drive collector terminal is driven so that a transistor is turned on through a sensing resistor, a voltage-divided resultant voltage applied to a collector terminal of the transistor and the commercial power source pass through an emitter terminal, are smoothed through a diode, and are finally output through an inductor, whereby the output voltage of the inductor is applied to a collector terminal of a DAR tr4ansistor and therefore a standby mode is provided, c. if the microprocessor transmits an 8-bit digital signal indicating a current charging voltage status of a charging battery unit to the buffer unit, the buffer unit transmits the received signal to the first Digital-to-Analog Converter (DAC), and the first DAC compares a current charging voltage with a reference voltage, and d. if the current charging voltage is equal to or less than the reference voltage, a turn-ON driving current signal of the DAR transistor flows into a positive terminal of an amplifier connected to an output terminal, e. whereby, if the turn-ON driving current signal of the DAR transistor is applied, a charging voltage applied to the collector terminal of the DAR transistor passes through an emitter terminal and is charged in the charging battery unit. 4. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein, in the microprocessor 122, the monitoring unit is connected to input/output (I/O) ports (P1.0.about.P1.7) through an RS-232 cable, such that a connection signal for connecting a charging battery to a multi-channel battery, a full charge signal of the charging battery, a charge input signal of the charging battery through the power control unit, a discharge signal of the charging battery, an over-voltage signal of the charging battery, an over-current signal of the charging battery, an over-discharge signal of the charging battery, and a test input signal of the charging battery are output to the monitoring unit, a. wherein the I/O ports (P0.0.about.P0.7) are set to 8-bit digital signal input terminals, respectively, and are connected to a first ADC, a second ADC, a third ADC, and a fourth ADC, b. the 8-bit digital signal related to an input voltage, an input current, an output voltage, and an output current of the charging battery are input to each of the first to fourth ADCs to, and c. a board Identifier (ID) setup unit is connected to I/O ports (P2.0.about.P2.5), and controls four charging batteries contained in one group to be selected by a read command signal and a write command signal, wherein one group comprised of four charging batteries belongs to the 4-terminal network control board corresponding to an identifier (ID) that is established according to 6-bit address values. 5. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein the 4-terminal network control board comprises: a. a board Identifier (ID) setup unit which is connected to an address setup terminal of the microprocessor, establishes a specific board ID in the 4-terminal network control board in such a manner that a desired charging battery unit is selected according to an established address value, controls each group charging battery unit comprised of four charging batteries matched with the 4-terminal network control board corresponding to a specific board ID to be selected according to a read command signal RD and a write command signal WD of the microprocessor; b. a first Analog-to-Digital Converter (ADC), in order for the charging battery unit to be selected according to the address value established in the microprocessor, if the 4-terminal network control board corresponding to a specific board ID of the 4-terminal network control board is selected, for controlling a first charging battery corresponding to an address `00` from among four charging batteries belonging to one group matched with the 4-terminal network control board to be selected by a signal of 2 bits, being connected to positive and negative terminals of the first charging battery, converting an analog signal related to an input voltage, an input current, an output voltage, and an output current of the first charging battery into a digital signal, and thus transmitting an 8-bit digital signal related to an input voltage, an input current, an output voltage, and an output current of the first charging battery to the microprocessor; c. a second ADC, if the 4-terminal network control board corresponding to a specific board ID is selected by an address setup signal of the microprocessor, for controlling a second charging battery corresponding to an address `01` from among four charging batteries contained in one group matched with the 4-terminal network control board to be selected by a signal of 2 bits, being connected to positive and negative terminals of a second charging battery, converting an analog signal related to an input voltage, an input current, an output voltage, and an output current of the second charging battery into a digital signal, and thus transmitting an 8-bit digital signal related to an input voltage, an input current, an output voltage, and an output current of the second charging battery to the microprocessor; d. a third ADC, if the 4-terminal network control board corresponding to a specific board ID is selected by an address setup signal of the microprocessor, for controlling a third charging battery corresponding to an address `10` from among four charging batteries contained in one group matched with the 4-terminal network control board to be selected by a signal of 2 bits, being connected to positive and negative terminals of the third charging battery, converting an analog signal related to an input voltage, an input current, an output voltage, and an output current of the third charging battery into a digital signal, and thus transmitting an 8-bit digital signal related to an input voltage, an input current, an output voltage, and an output current of the third charging battery to the microprocessor; and e. a fourth ADC, if the 4-terminal network control board corresponding to a specific board ID is selected by an address setup signal of the microprocessor, for controlling a fourth charging battery corresponding to an address `11` from among four charging batteries contained in one group matched with the 4-terminal network control board to be selected by a signal of 2 bits, being connected to positive and negative terminals of the fourth charging battery, converting an analog signal related to an input voltage, an input current, an output voltage, and an output current of the fourth charging battery into a digital signal, and thus transmitting an 8-bit digital signal related to an input voltage, an input current, an output voltage, and an output current of the fourth charging battery to the microprocessor. 6. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the 32-channel battery power-supply module comprises: a. a charging battery unit comprising: i. a first-group charging battery unit, ii. a second-group charging battery unit, iii. a third-group charging battery unit, iv. a fourth-group charging battery unit, v. a fifth-group charging battery unit, vi. a sixth-group charging battery unit, vii. a seventh-group charging battery unit, and viii. an eighth-group charging battery unit, b. wherein the first-group charging battery unit comprises: i. a first charging battery, ii. a second charging battery, iii. a third charging battery, and a iv. fourth charging battery, c. wherein the second-group charging battery unit comprises: i. a fifth charging battery, ii. a 6th charging battery, iii. a 7th charging battery, and iv. an 8th charging battery, d. wherein the third-group charging battery unit comprises: i. a 9th charging battery, ii. a 10th charging battery, iii. an 11th charging battery, and iv. a 12th charging battery, e. wherein the fourth-group charging battery unit comprises: i. a 13th charging battery, ii. a 14th charging battery, iii. a 15th charging battery, and iv. a 16th charging battery, f. wherein the fifth-group charging battery unit comprises: i. a 17th charging battery, ii. an 18th charging battery, iii. a 19th charging battery, and iv. a 20th charging battery, g. wherein the sixth-group charging battery unit comprises: i. a 21st charging battery, ii. an 22nd charging battery, iii. a 23rd charging battery, and iv. a 24th charging battery, h. wherein the seventh-group charging battery unit comprises: i. a 25th charging battery, ii. a 26th charging battery, iii. a 27th charging battery, and iv. a 28th charging battery, and i. wherein the eighth-group charging battery unit comprises: i. a 29th charging battery, ii. a 30th charging battery, iii. a 31st charging battery, and iv. a 32nd charging battery; j. an input voltage detection terminal for detecting an input voltage applied to a positive terminal of a charging battery unit through a power control unit; k. an input current detection terminal for detecting an input current flowing into a negative terminal of the charging battery unit through the power control unit; l. an output voltage detection terminal for detecting an output voltage loaded at positive and negative terminals of the charging battery unit; m. an output current detection terminal for detecting an output current loaded at positive and negative terminals of the charging battery unit; and n. a connector for connection to the charging battery unit, which is connected one-to-one to the input voltage detection terminal, the input current detection terminal, the output voltage detection terminal, and the output current detection terminal of the charging battery unit so as to be connected to another connector for connection to a 4-terminal network control board. 7. The apparatus according to claim 6, wherein the charging battery unit installs a 4-pin type connection pin configured in a projected format at its own lower end, so that the charging battery unit is detachably connected to a connector for connection to the charging battery unit of a first Printed Circuit Board (PCB). 8. The apparatus according to claim 6, wherein the output current detection terminal includes: a. an output current amplifier which amplifies the charging battery unit's output current detected through the output current detection terminal, and applies the amplified output current to the connector for connection to the 4-terminal network control board through the connector for connection to the charging battery unit. 9. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the battery pack apparatus allows a single 4-terminal network control board to be detachably inserted at intervals of four charging batteries belonging to one group, wherein the single 4-terminal network control board detects an input voltage, an input current, an output voltage, and an output current by directly controlling the four charging batteries of one group. 10. A battery pack apparatus for an electric hybrid vehicle, the apparatus comprising: a. a main frame; b. an n-channel k-terminal charging unit which i. is formed in the main frame, ii. is connected to positive and negative connection terminals of a charging battery of a n-channel battery power-supply module, iii. reads an input voltage, iv. reads an input current, v. reads an output voltage, vi. reads an output current of the charging battery, vii. performs detection and operation processing by a k-terminal network, and viii. charges a n-channel battery power-supply unit using a n-channel k-terminal network scheme; c. a n-channel battery power-supply unit including n charging battery cell structures, in which an input voltage detection terminal and an input current detection terminal of the n-channel k-terminal charging unit are connected to a positive terminal of each charging battery, and an output voltage detection terminal and an output current detection terminal of the n-channel k-terminal charging unit are connected to a negative (-) terminal of each charging battery, such that the n-channel battery power-supply unit is quickly charged through the n-channel 4-terminal network charging unit. 