An automatically re-configurable solar array apparatus is disclosed. The apparatus includes a solar array electrically connected to an inverter through a power switch controlled by a microprocessor. The solar array comprises a combination of solar panel strings wired in parallel. Each solar panel string comprises a plurality of solar panels wired in series. An output electrical parameter level of the combination of solar panel strings is capable of producing output power from the inverter. The output electrical parameter level of the combination of solar panel strings is equal to about a predetermined electrical parameter level under sunny conditions. The solar array is pre-wired to permit microprocessor-controlled switching to reconfigure the array into solar panel strings of varying lengths. The electrical parameter level is at least one of a voltage level, a current level, and a power level.
Claims 1. A method for increasing workable power output of a solar array controlled by a microprocessor, comprising: providing a solar array electrically connected to an inverter through a microprocessor-controlled power switch, the solar array comprising a first combination of solar panel strings wired in parallel, wherein each solar panel string comprises a plurality of solar panels wired in series, an output electrical parameter level of the combination of solar panel strings capable of producing output power from the inverter, wherein an output electrical parameter level of the first combination of solar panel strings is equal to about a predetermined electrical parameter level under sunny conditions, and wherein the solar array is pre-wired to permit microprocessor-controlled switching to reconfigure the array into solar panel strings of varying lengths; monitoring in the microprocessor the electrical parameter level of the first combination through an electrical parameter level sensing circuit; and when the monitored electrical parameter level of the first combination falls below the predetermined electrical parameter level, re-configuring the solar array by microprocessor control to a second combination of solar panel strings wired in parallel, wherein each solar panel string comprises a second number of solar panels wired in series, and the output electrical parameter level of the second combination of solar panel strings is capable of producing output power from the inverter, wherein the output electrical parameter level of the second combination of solar panel strings is equal to about the predetermined electrical parameter level under sunny conditions. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the electrical parameter level is at least one of a voltage level, a current level, and a power level. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the number of solar panel strings in the second combination decreases and the number of solar panels wired in series in a solar panel string increases as a function of the degree to which the monitored electrical parameter level decreases. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the number of solar panel strings in the second combination increases and the number of solar panels wired in series in a solar panel string decreases as a function of the degree to which the monitored electrical parameter level increases. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the minimum combination is one solar panel string of length greater than or equal to one-half the number of solar panels in the array. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising, in response to a further increase in the monitored electrical parameter level, re-configuring the solar array with the microprocessor-controlled power switch with a greater number of solar panel strings in a combination, and with a fewer number of solar panels in a solar panel string. 7. The method of claim 1, further comprising returning the configuration of solar panels to a pre-configured state if the monitored electrical parameter level is equal to about the predetermined electrical parameter level. 8. The method of claim 1, further comprising identifying in the microprocessor patterns of the monitored electrical parameter level measured by a corresponding parameter level sensing circuit to sunlight level patterns measured by a photo-detection circuit to identify solar panel string configurations. 9. The method of claim 1, further comprising identifying in the microprocessor patterns of the monitored electrical parameter level measured by a corresponding parameter level sensing circuit to calculate an expected total output parameter level to identify anomalies in the solar array. 10. The method of claim 9, further comprising reporting the anomalies to a power company or third party monitoring company over a wired or wireless connection. 11. The method of claim 1, further comprising identifying in the microprocessor no or low levels of the monitored electrical parameter level measured by a corresponding parameter level sensing circuit of each of the solar panel strings to locate individual panels that have stopped producing power or to locate solar panel strings that have damaged wiring. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising reporting a location of individual solar panels that have stopped producing power or solar panel strings that have damaged wiring to a power company or third party monitoring company over a wired or wireless connection. 13. The method of claim 1, further comprising identifying in the microprocessor patterns of the monitored electrical parameter level measured by a corresponding parameter level sensing circuit of each of the solar panel strings to configure solar panel strings into switchable mini-groups of solar panel strings. 14. The method of claim 13, further comprising combining at least a portion of the mini-groups of solar panel strings to raise the monitored electrical parameter level to be equal to about the predetermined electrical parameter level. 15. An automatically re-configurable solar array apparatus, comprising: a solar array electrically connected to an inverter through a power switch controlled by a microprocessor, the solar array comprising a first combination of solar panel strings wired in parallel, wherein each solar panel string comprises a plurality of solar panels wired in series, an output electrical parameter level of the first combination of solar panel strings capable of producing output power from the inverter, wherein the output electrical parameter level of the first combination of solar panel strings is equal to about a predetermined electrical parameter level under sunny conditions, and wherein the solar array is pre-wired to permit microprocessor-controlled switching to reconfigure the array into solar panel strings of varying lengths, the microprocessor configured to: monitor the electrical parameter level of the first combination through an electrical parameter level sensing circuit and when the monitored electrical parameter level of the first combination falls below the predetermined electrical parameter level, re-configure the solar array by microprocessor control to a second combination of solar panel strings wired in parallel, wherein each solar panel string comprises a second number of solar panels wired in series, and the output electrical parameter level of the second combination of solar panel strings is capable of producing output power from the inverter, wherein the output electrical parameter level of the second combination of solar panel strings is equal to about a predetermined electrical parameter level under sunny conditions. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the electrical parameter level is at least one of a voltage level, a current level, and a power level. 17. The system of claim 15, wherein the number of solar panel strings in the second combination decreases and the number of solar panels wired in series in a solar panel string increases as a function of the degree to which the monitored electrical parameter level decreases. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the number of solar panel strings in the second combination increases and the number of solar panels wired in series in a solar panel string decreases as a function of the degree to which the monitored system of claim 15 increases. 19. The system of claim 15, wherein the minimum combination is one solar panel string of length greater than or equal to one-half the number of solar panels in the array. 20. The system of claim 15, wherein the microprocessor is further configured to, in response to a further increase in the monitored electrical parameter level, re-configure the solar array with the microprocessor-controlled power switch with a greater number of solar panel strings in a combination, and with a fewer number of solar panels in a solar panel string. 21. The system of claim 20, wherein the microprocessor is further configured to return the configuration of solar panels to a pre-configured state if the monitored electrical parameter level is equal to or above the predetermined electrical parameter level. 