Apparatus (24), including a photovoltaic cell (22) and a concave primary reflector (26) configured to focus a first portion of incoming radiation toward a focal point (30). The apparatus also includes a secondary reflector (38), which is positioned between the concave primary reflector and the focal point so as to direct the focused radiation toward the photovoltaic cell, and which has a central opening (44) aligned with the photovoltaic cell. The apparatus further includes a transmissive concentrator (54), positioned so as to focus a second portion of the incoming radiation through the central opening onto the photovoltaic cell.
Claims 1. Apparatus, comprising: a photovoltaic cell; a concave primary reflector configured to focus a first portion of incoming radiation toward a focal point; a secondary reflector, which is positioned between the concave primary reflector and the focal point so as to direct the focused radiation toward the photovoltaic cell, and which has a central opening aligned with the photovoltaic cell; and a transmissive concentrator, positioned so as to focus a second portion of the incoming radiation through the central opening onto the photovoltaic cell. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein at least one of the primary reflector and the secondary reflector comprise a plurality of curved segments. 3. The apparatus according to claim 1 further comprising a tracking device connected to the photovoltaic cell, the primary reflector, the secondary reflector, and the transmissive concentrator, wherein the primary reflector has an aperture, and wherein dimensions of the transmissive concentrator and the aperture differ by no more than a value determined in response to a tracking error of the tracking device. 4. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the transmissive concentrator has a concentrator-dimension larger than a largest dimension of the secondary reflector. 5. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the transmissive concentrator and the secondary reflector have congruent external dimensions. 6. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein a shape of the transmissive concentrator is geometrically similar to the central opening. 7. The apparatus according to claim 1, and comprising a homogenizer, positioned between the secondary reflector and the photovoltaic cell, which redirects at least some of the focused radiation onto the photovoltaic cell. 8. The apparatus according to claim 1, and comprising a homogenizer, positioned between the secondary reflector and the photovoltaic cell, which redirects at least some of the second portion of the radiation onto the photovoltaic cell. 9. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the central opening is aligned and dimensioned within the secondary reflector so as to receive none of the focused radiation. 10. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the transmissive concentrator has a concentrator-dimension larger than a largest dimension of the central opening. 11. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the concave primary reflector comprises a paraboloidal reflector. 12. A method, comprising: stamping flat metal plates so as to create a plurality of segments having a predetermined curved shape; and joining the curved segments together in order to create a curved reflector. 13. The method according to claim 12, and comprising applying a reflective coating to the metal plates prior to stamping the plates. 14. The method according to claim 13, wherein a deformation caused by stamping the flat metal plates is within a tolerance limit of the reflective coating. 15. The method according to claim 12, wherein the predetermined curved shape and the curved reflector are sections of a common paraboloid. 16. A method, comprising: configuring a concave primary reflector to focus a first portion of incoming radiation toward a focal point; positioning a secondary reflector between the concave primary reflector and the focal point so as to direct the focused radiation toward a photovoltaic cell; aligning a central opening in the secondary reflector with the photovoltaic cell; and positioning a transmissive concentrator to focus a second portion of the incoming radiation through the central opening onto the photovoltaic cell. 17. The method according to claim 16, wherein at least one of the primary reflector and the secondary reflector comprise a plurality of curved segments. 18. The method according to claim 16, further comprising connecting a tracking device to the photovoltaic cell, the primary reflector, the secondary reflector, and the transmissive concentrator, and comprising forming an aperture in the primary reflector, wherein dimensions of the transmissive concentrator and the aperture differ by no more than a value determined in response to a tracking error of the tracking device. 19. The method according to claim 16, wherein the transmissive concentrator has a concentrator-dimension larger than a largest dimension of the secondary reflector. 20. The method according to claim 16, wherein the transmissive concentrator and the secondary reflector have congruent external dimensions. 21. The method according to claim 16, and comprising shaping the transmissive concentrator to be geometrically similar to the central opening. 22. The method according to claim 16, and comprising positioning a homogenizer between the secondary reflector and the photovoltaic cell, and configuring the homogenizer to redirect at least some of the focused radiation onto the photovoltaic cell. 23. The method according to claim 16, and comprising positioning a homogenizer between the secondary reflector and the photovoltaic cell, and configuring the homogenizer to redirect at least some of the second portion of the radiation onto the photovoltaic cell. 24. The method according to claim 16, and comprising aligning and dimensioning the central opening within the secondary reflector so as to receive none of the focused radiation. 25. The method according to claim 16, wherein the transmissive concentrator has a concentrator-dimension larger than a largest dimension of the central opening. 26. The method according to claim 16, wherein the concave primary reflector comprises a paraboloidal reflector. 27. The method according to claim 16, wherein configuring the concave primary reflector and positioning the secondary reflector comprise assembling and aligning the primary and secondary reflector as a composite unit prior to mounting the composite unit on a system mounting panel. 28. Apparatus, comprising: a plurality of flat metal plates which are configured to form respective curved segments having respective predetermined curved shapes; and at least one joint which holds the curved segments together in order to create a curved reflector. 29. The apparatus according to claim 28, and comprising a reflective coating which is applied to the metal plates prior to forming the respective curved segments. 30. The apparatus according to claim 29, wherein a deformation caused by forming the respective curved segments is within a tolerance limit of the reflective coating. 31. The apparatus according to claim 28, wherein the predetermined curved shapes and the curved reflector are sections of a paraboloid. 32. The apparatus according to claim 28, wherein the at least one joint comprises ribs having rib-cross-sections corresponding with a cross-section of the curved reflector. 