Methods and systems are provided for air conditioning, capturing combustion contaminants, desalination, and other processes using liquid desiccants.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic-thermal (PVT) module, comprising: a photovoltaic module including a layer of photovoltaic material, the layer of photovoltaic material having a front side exposed to incident radiation and an opposite back side; a thermal unit thermally coupled to the back side of the layer of photovoltaic material, said thermal unit including one or more channels through which a liquid flows, wherein a portion of the incident radiation is converted into electricity by the layer of photovoltaic material and a portion of the incident radiation is simultaneously converted to heat for increasing the temperature of the liquid; and a storage tank beneath the thermal unit for storing liquid heated by the thermal unit, wherein the storage tank functions as a ballast for stabilizing the PVT module in an installed location. 2. The photovoltaic-thermal module of claim 1, wherein the storage tank has a substantially flat configuration. 3. The photovoltaic-thermal module of claim 1, further comprising a thermostatic valve assembly for controlling the flow of the liquid heated by the thermal unit out of the photovoltaic-thermal module or to the storage tank depending on the temperature of the liquid. 4. The photovoltaic-thermal module of claim 3, wherein the thermostatic valve operation is programmable. 5. The photovoltaic-thermal module of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic module and the thermal unit are detachably mounted on the storage tank, and wherein the storage tank is configured to store the photovoltaic module and the thermal unit when the photovoltaic-thermal module is in a disassembled state. 6. The photovoltaic-thermal module of claim 5, wherein the storage tank includes a lid that can be opened to insert or remove the photovoltaic module and the thermal unit. 7. The photovoltaic-thermal module of claim 5, further comprising removable supports for mounting the photovoltaic module and the thermal unit on the storage tank. 8. A photovoltaic-thermal (PVT) module, comprising: a photovoltaic module including a layer of photovoltaic material, the layer of photovoltaic material having a front side exposed to incident radiation and an opposite back side; a thermal unit thermally coupled to the back side of the layer of photovoltaic material, said thermal unit including one or more channels through which a liquid flows, wherein a portion of the incident radiation is converted into electricity by the layer of photovoltaic material and a portion of the incident radiation is simultaneously converted to heat for increasing the temperature of the liquid; and a storage tank beneath the thermal unit for storing liquid heated by the thermal unit, wherein the photovoltaic module and the thermal unit are detachably mounted on the storage tank, and wherein the storage tank is configured to store the photovoltaic module and the thermal unit when the photovoltaic-thermal module is in a disassembled state. 9. The photovoltaic-thermal module of claim 8, wherein the storage tank has a substantially flat configuration. 10. The photovoltaic-thermal module of claim 8, further comprising a thermostatic valve assembly for controlling the flow of the liquid heated by the thermal unit out of the photovoltaic-thermal module or to the storage tank depending on the temperature of the liquid. 11. The photovoltaic-thermal module of claim 10, wherein the thermostatic valve operation is programmable. 12. The photovoltaic-thermal module of claim 8, wherein the storage tank functions as a ballast for stabilizing the PVT module in an installed location 13. The photovoltaic-thermal module of claim 8, wherein the storage tank includes a lid that can be opened to insert or remove the photovoltaic module and the thermal unit. 14. The photovoltaic-thermal module of claim 8, further comprising removable supports for mounting the photovoltaic module and the thermal unit on the storage tank. 15. A method of disassembling and stowing a photovoltaic-thermal (PVT) module, said PVT module comprising a photovoltaic module including a layer of one or more solar cells, a thermal unit thermally coupled to a back side of the layer of one or more solar cells, and a storage tank beneath the thermal unit for storing liquid heated by the thermal unit, the method comprising: detaching the photovoltaic module and the thermal unit from the storage tank; and placing the photovoltaic module and the thermal unit inside the storage tank for storage. 