A solar hot air system is provided containing a solar hot air collector and an inlet duct connected to the solar hot air collector and a building fresh air intake. A sensor is connected to the building fresh air intake, configured to measure fan speed and damper position. In addition, a sensor is connected to the inlet duct, configured to measure air volume and temperature. Further, a sensor is connected to the solar hot air collector, configured to measure internal and ambient temperature. A means for calculating a periodic fee to a user based at least in part upon an amount of generated energy is also provided.
Claims 1. A solar hot air system comprising: a solar hot air collector; an inlet duct connected to the solar hot air collector and a building fresh air intake; a sensor connected to the building fresh air intake, configured to measure fan speed and damper position; a sensor connected to the inlet duct, configured to measure air volume and temperature; a sensor connected to the solar hot air collector, configured to measure internal and ambient temperature; and means for calculating a periodic fee to a user based at least in part upon an amount of generated energy. 2. The solar hot air system of claim 1, further comprising means for turning off the system. 3. The solar hot air system of claim 2, wherein the means for turning off the system is a switch or valve connected to the damper bypassing the solar hot air collector. 4. The solar hot air system of claim 1, wherein the inlet duct is connected to a fan providing air into the conditioned space of the building. 5. The solar hot air system of claim 4, wherein a sensor is connected to the solar hot collector, the inlet duct and ambient air and provides information to a control software that is connected to and controls the fresh air intake for the conditioned space. 6. The solar hot air system of claim 4, wherein the means for turning off the system is a switch or valve that shuts off the fan providing air to the conditioned space. 7. A method of providing a solar hot air system for a building, comprising the steps of: designing and installing a solar hot air system to the building; via use of a computer, calculating a periodic fee; measuring the actual thermal energy produced and used; and charging a periodic fee, the periodic fee comprising a base fee and a usage charge based on the system's production. 8. The method of claim 7, where the calculation of the fee is based on monitoring the amount of energy produced by the system by calculating energy from an amount of air and the air's temperature delivered to the building versus the ambient air. 9. The method of claim 7, where the calculation of the fee is based on modeling an expected output of the system. 10. The method of claim 7, where the calculation of the fee is based on a measurement of a damper actuation and an amount of air moved by the fan in the system. 11. The method of claim 7 where the calculation of the fee is based on the value of energy displaced from the existing heating system. 12. The method of claim 8 where the calculation of the fee is based on the value of energy displaced from the existing heating system. 13. The method of claim 9 where the calculation of the fee is based on the value of energy displaced from the existing heating system. 14. The method of claim 10 where the calculation of the fee is based on the value of energy displaced from the existing heating system. 