Multiple control modules (14, 16, 18) provide various power control functions including occupancy sensing, ambient light level sensing, manual touch switch (push button) preset stations, light dimming and power control relay switching. The control modules (14, 16, 18) are interconnected in a conventional four-wire local area network for executing different power control functions in response to remote wireless commands as well as preset manual switch commands at the wall box level. The local area network (12) supplies DC operating power and communicates programming command and control module status information signals to all network control modules (14, 16, 18). One or more control modules (14, 16, 18) include an infrared signal sensor, a laser signal sensor, a signal decoder, a data microcontroller, a parameter lookup table and multiple light emitting diodes (LEDs). The LED diodes are used individually or in combination, in one or more colors and blink rate, to indicate the programming mode, or provide sensor feedback, or indicate device status, according to information contained in a command signal transmitted by a remote programming unit (58).
Claims 1. A system for controlling the application of operating power to electrical loads, comprising: a network including communication media and a plurality of control modules coupled to the media, each control module configured to send, receive, and process program commands, information relating to module operating status and sensed environmental conditions to and from other control modules connected to the network; each control module including stored parameters which determine its operating performance, and each control module being configured to set the value of each parameter to a value selected from a set of stored operational values in response to a program command communicated over the network; each control module including a sensor for sensing an environmental condition selected from the group consisting of sunlight, artificial light, motion of a body within a defined zone of interest, temperature, vibration and sound; each control module being configured to store device operational status information and information relating to a sensed environmental condition; and each control module being configured to change the set value of one or more of its operating parameters to a different value selected from a set of stored operational values at least in part in response to environmental status information or device operational status information communicated over the network from one or more network-connected control modules. 2. A power control system as set forth in claim 1, wherein: at least one of the control modules comprises a sensor capable of sensing the emission of light from at least one source in the photo-emitter group consisting of solar radiation, incandescent lighting, florescent lighting, infrared light beams and laser light beams. 3. A power control system as set forth in claim 1, wherein: at least one of the control modules connected to the network is configured to receive an environmental condition status signal communicated over the network, wherein the at least one of the control modules is adapted to perform an electrical load control function in response to information contained in the status signal. 4. A power control system as set forth in claim 1, wherein at least one of the control modules further comprises a multiple-channel photo sensor adapted for sensing sunlight, the photo sensor including one or more sensor channels capable of sensing light wavelengths primarily in the infra-red spectrum and one or more sensor channels capable of sensing light wavelengths primarily in the spectrum discernable by the human eye. 5. A power control system as set forth in claim 1, wherein: one or more of the control modules each further comprises a photo sensor adapted for sensing light emissions primarily in the infra-red wavelength range and a photo sensor adapted for sensing light emissions primarily in the laser wavelength range; the infra-red spectrum photo sensor of each control module being configured to remotely select and set two or more of the control modules to operate in a wide area programming mode in response to an infra-red program command signal communicated wirelessly to the infra-red photo sensor by a remote transmitter; and the laser spectrum photo sensor being configured to remotely select and set one and only one control module to operate in a single-module programming mode of operation in response to a laser command signal communicated wirelessly to the laser photo sensor from a remote transmitter. 6. A power control system as set forth in claim 1, wherein at least one of the control modules comprises a photocell sensor for sensing ambient light intensity and an occupancy sensor for controlling the ON/OFF application of operating power to a lighting load in accordance with the detection of motion in an area, thereby providing instantaneous measurement of sunlight and/or ambient light level inside a defined area; and memory for storing the measured light value, and the occupancy sensor module being configured to momentarily turn OFF all lights in the defined area during a light intensity measurement interval. 7. A power control system as set forth in claim 1, wherein at least one of the control modules comprises a photocell sensor for sensing ambient light intensity in a given area and for producing an output status signal that is a relative percentage of a maximum measured ambient light intensity detected over a predetermined monitoring interval. 8. A power control system as set forth in claim 1, further comprising an interface switch connected to at least one control module for enabling manual input of programming commands. 9. The power control system according to claim 1, wherein one control module is a switch that includes a manually operable electrical switch for turning electrical power to a load ON and OFF. 10. The power control system according to claim 1, wherein at least one control module comprises a dimmer for adjusting the brightness of a lamp. 11. The power control system according to claim 1, wherein at least one control module comprises a relay for controlling the application of electrical power to a lighting load. 12. The power control system according to claim 1, wherein at least one control module comprises a ballast control circuit adapted to generate a light level voltage control signal and applying it to an electronic ballast of a fluorescent lighting load. 13. A lighting control system for controlling the application of operating power to electrical loads, comprising: a network including communication media and a plurality of control modules coupled to the media, each control module being configured to send, receive, and process program commands, information relating to the operational status of the control module, and information relating to an environmental condition sensed by the control module to and from other control modules connected to the network; at least one of the control modules comprising a sensor capable of sensing the emission of light from at least one source in the photo-emitter group consisting of solar radiation, incandescent lighting, florescent lighting, infrared light beams and laser light beams, and the at least one control module is capable of communicating a module status signal containing information relating to a sensed photo emission to other control modules that are connected to the network; and at least one control module connected to the network is adapted to receive a module status signal communicated over the network and to respond to information contained in the status signal to perform an electrical load control function. 14. The lighting control system as set forth in claim 13, wherein: each control module including a set of operating parameters which determine its operating performance, wherein each operating parameter is settable to a value selected from a stored set of operational values in response to a program command communicated over the network; and each control module being configured to change the set value of one or more of its operating parameters to a different operational value selected from the set of stored operational values at least in part in response to operational status information communicated over the network from another network-connected control module. 15. A lighting control system for controlling the application of operating power to electrical lighting loads, comprising: a network including communication media and a plurality of control modules coupled to the media, each control being configured to send, receive, and process digital data to and from other control modules connected to the network; at least one of the control modules comprising a multiple-channel photo sensor adapted for sensing sunlight, the photo sensor including one or more sensor channels capable of sensing light wavelengths primarily in the infra-red spectrum and one or more sensor channels capable of sensing light wavelengths primarily in the spectrum discernable by the human eye, and the at least one control module is capable of communicating a module status signal containing information relating to a sensed photo emission to other control modules that are connected to the network; and the at least one control module being configured for photo sensing operation of the at least one control module in a selected one of the sensor channels. 