Methods and apparatus, for metered ball delivery. An apparatus includes a secure enclosure housing a reservoir of tennis balls, a battery power supply and a battery powered portable tennis ball machine, the secure enclosure and tennis ball machine communicating via a wireless network to determine a location of the portable tennis ball machine.
Claims 1. An apparatus comprising: a secure enclosure housing a reservoir of tennis balls, a battery power supply and a battery powered portable tennis ball machine, the secure enclosure and tennis ball machine communicating via a wireless network to determine a position of the portable tennis ball machine. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the secure enclosure includes a hinged door secured by a lock. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein the lock is actuated by entering a key, entering a key code, swiping a credit/debit card, or receiving a wireless signal from a remote actuation system. 4. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein the lock is actuated by entering a Personal Identification Number (PIN) on a keypad. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 wherein the keypad stores inputted PINs to verify usage and map usage to customers. 6. The apparatus of claim 4 wherein the keypad is wired to a magnetic sensor within the secure enclosure that is activated when the tennis ball machine is detected within the secure enclosure. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein the sensor deactivates the keypad and lock when the ball machine is removed from the secure enclosure to prevent locking when the tennis ball machine is not within. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein the sensor is weight activated. 9. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein the sensor is tethered to a plug. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein a charging port is adapted to mate with an external charging device. 11. The apparatus of claim 10 wherein the external charging device is selected from the group consisting of an AC/DC power source, a solar power source and a wind turbine power source. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the secure housing further comprises a ball reservoir containing a supply of balls, the ball reservoir monitoring a level of balls within the tennis ball machine. 13. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein the ball reservoir fills the tennis ball machine when a low level of tennis balls is detected within a hopper of the tennis ball machine. 14. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the secure enclosure is constructed galvanized steel, stainless steel, high impact plastic, composite or other metal. 15. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the secure enclosure further comprises external mounting hardware for fixation to a floor, a wall or a fence. 16. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the secure enclosure further comprises a timer that tracks use for billing purposes and a sensor to insure that the tennis ball machine is returned on time and not presumed stolen. 