A sequential shunt regulator switch system and method is disclosed. A power switch is controlled to switch a first current from a power source to an electrical bus. Further, a current controllable switch provides a controlled current from the power source to the electrical bus.
Claims 1. A sequential shunt regulator comprising: at least one power switch operable to switch a current from at least one power source to an electrical bus; at least one current controllable switch operable to provide a controlled current from the at least one power source to the electrical bus; and a controller operable to control the at least one power switch and the at least one current controllable switch. 2. The sequential shunt regulator according to claim 1, wherein the at least one power switch is further operable to shunt the current to a ground. 3. The sequential shunt regulator according to claim 1, wherein the at least one current controllable switch comprises at least one controllable voltage converter. 4. The sequential shunt regulator according to claim 3, wherein the at least one controllable voltage converter comprises at least one controllable boost converter. 5. The sequential shunt regulator according to claim 1, further comprising the at least one power source. 6. The sequential shunt regulator according to claim 1, further comprising the electrical bus. 7. The sequential shunt regulator according to claim 1, wherein the at least one power source comprises at least one solar panel. 8. A sequential shunt regulation method, the method comprising: controlling at least one power switch to switch a first current from at least one power source to an electrical bus; and controlling at least one current controllable switch operable to provide a controlled current from the at least one power source to the electrical bus. 9. The method according to claim 8, further comprising: receiving a plurality of currents from a plurality of current sources; switching a first subset of the currents in discrete amounts to provide the first current to the electrical bus; providing a second subset of the currents in analog amounts to provide a second current to the electrical bus; and controlling the discrete amounts and the analog amounts to substantially match a sum of the first current and the second current to a load on the electrical bus. 10. The method according to claim 8, wherein the at least one power switch is further operable to switch the first current to a ground. 11. The method according to claim 8, wherein the at least one current controllable switch comprises at least one controllable voltage converter. 12. The method according to claim 11, wherein the at least one controllable voltage converter comprises at least one controllable boost converter. 13. A method for regulating an electrical system using a sequential shunt regulator with analog fill control, the method comprising: receiving a plurality of currents from a plurality of current sources; switching a first subset of the currents in discrete amounts to provide a first current to an electrical bus; providing a second subset of the currents in analog amounts to provide a second current to the electrical bus; and controlling the discrete amounts and the analog amounts to substantially match the first current plus the second current to a load on the electrical bus. 14. The method according to claim 13, wherein the current sources comprise at least one solar panel. 15. The method according to claim 13, further comprising controlling a voltage converter to provide the second subset of the currents in analog amounts. 16. The method according to claim 15, wherein the voltage converter comprises a controllable boost converter. 17. The method according to claim 13, further comprising: monitoring a status signal of a plurality of power switches; generating an analog PWM error signal based on the status signal; and controlling the analog amounts based on the analog PWM error signal. 18. The method according to claim 17, wherein the analog PWM error signal is proportional to a current delivered from the current sources to the electrical bus. 19. The method according to claim 17, wherein the status signal is subtracted from a voltage error signal to produce the analog PWM error signal. 20. The method according to claim 17, further comprising shunting at least one of the currents to a ground using at least one of the power switches. 