Improvements in a power transformer condition monitor are disclosed with this application. The monitor operates with older existing transformers with and without integrated sensors and allows the device to determine the condition of transformers. The sensors monitor one or a multiple of voltage, current, temperature and or power factor. Thermal sensors are magnetically attached to the exterior of the power transformer. Voltage and current sensors are connected to the primary and secondary conductive wires. The monitor can be parasitically powered to operate with limited battery size. The only use of batteries or storage capacitors is when the supply voltage is lost. The monitor uses a localized board can have a large plurality of inputs for sensors. This allows multiple transformers to be locally connected to the monitor and thereby reduce the number of different communication devices and communication addresses over a Mesh, GPRS Cell network link network.
Claims 1. A power transformer condition monitor comprising: at least one sensor that connects to a power transformer that is electrically connected one side to a power supply and at least on a second side to at least one power usage device; said at least one sensor being connected to a communications node; said communications node provides measurements information on at least measurement from said power transformer, and said communications node is at least partially powered by a battery or by energy harvesting from its operating environment. 2. The power transformer condition monitor according to claim 1 wherein said harvesting is by coupling to said power transformer. 3. The power transformer condition monitor according to claim 1 wherein said communications node is a GPRS cell network link. 4. The power transformer condition monitor according to claim 1 wherein said communications node is over power supply or power usage lines. 5. The power transformer condition monitor according to claim 1 wherein said power supply is a power generating station. 6. The power transformer condition monitor according to claim 1 wherein said power usage device is a residence or building. 7. The power transformer condition monitor according to claim 1 wherein said sensor is selected from a group including a temperature sensor, a current sensor and a voltage sensor. 8. The power transformer condition monitor according to claim 3 wherein said temperature sensor further includes a magnet for temporally connecting to said transformer. 9. The power transformer condition monitor according to claim 1 wherein said communicating node uses a previously established widely used, and deployed communication infrastructure, such as a cellular network, for communicating, for data retrieval, for sending alert signal to any portable devices, which are part of a public communication infrastructure. 10. The power transformer condition monitor according to claim 1 wherein said sensing device provides at least one environmental measurement. 11. The power transformer condition monitor according to claim 1 wherein said power transformer condition monitor provides sustaining operation via a rechargeable battery source that is charged by energy harvested from its operating environment, in the form of electrical, magnetic, thermal, solar or mechanical energy. 12. The power transformer condition monitor according to claim 11 wherein said energy harvesting is with a non-contact sensing function as part of the energy harvesting scheme. 13. The power transformer condition monitor according to claim 1 wherein said measurement is at least one of input voltage, output voltage, current, power factor, vibration sensor, ambient temperature and transformer core temperature. 14. The power transformer condition monitor according to claim 1 that further includes a local data storage capability until said local data storage is requested in a transmission. 15. The power transformer condition monitor according to claim 1 that further includes a GPS locator to identify a global location of a power transformer condition monitor. 16. The power transformer condition monitor according to claim 1 wherein an operating software within said monitor can be reprogrammed remotely. 17. The power transformer condition monitor according to claim 1 that further includes data security that is capable of providing WEP, WPS, WPA2, 128 bit AES encryption, 802.11i and FIPS 140-2 using said GPRA cellular modem. 18. The power transformer condition monitor according to claim 1 further includes a plug-in antenna or an integrated antenna. 19. The power transformer condition monitor according to claim 1 that further uses communication addresses over a Mesh, GPRS Cell network link network. 20. The power transformer condition monitor according to claim 1 further performs API or AI with data to autonomously make changes to future readings, reports or collection of said data. 