A monitoring device (201, 102, 104) which is attached to or integrated within a product container body, lid, cap or spray unit (200) with a built in sensing indictor alarm circuit that indicates and gives a audio indication that the effectiveness of a product has been reduced below a predetermined level. The product could be a sun protection material in the form of a liquid, cream or lotion or other materials in the forms of medicines, food, toiletries etc. The device may alert the user when exposed to ultraviolet radiation for a specified period, that they need to re-apply the sunscreen material, thus reducing the risks associated with over exposure to UV radiation. The monitoring device may also indicate to the user that the product is at or has gone beyond its expiration date and helps prevent use of the product before it becomes hazardous.
Claims 1. A product monitoring device indicating that the effectiveness of a product has been reduced below a predetermined level, the device being attached to or integrated within a packaging for the product. 2. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the device is a UV radiation monitoring device. 3. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the product is a sun protection material in the form of a liquid, cream or lotion. 4. A product monitoring device that provides an indication that a user has received a predetermined dose of UV radiation, the device forming part of a packaging for a sun protection material. 5. The device as claimed in claim 3, wherein the device is attached to or integrated within a body, lid, cap or spray unit of a container for the product. 6. The device as claimed in claim 5, wherein the container is in the form of a dispenser. 7. The device as claimed in claim 6, wherein the device is activated when a portion of the dispenser is pressed to dispense the sun protection material. 8. The device as claimed in claim 6, wherein the device is activated when the lid of the container is removed. 9. The device as claimed in claim 6, wherein the device is activated when the lid of the container is flipped open. 10. The device as claimed in claim 3, wherein the device is provided with pre-programmed data for the sun protection material comprising: SPF rating; and target skin type. 11. The device as claimed in claim 3, wherein (a) the device stores a UV index that the device is exposed to; and (b) if the device detects that it has been removed from exposure to the sun, it uses the stored UV index to calculate the dose of UV radiation to which the user has been exposed, on the assumption that the UV index to which the user is exposed is the same as that stored. 12. The device as claimed in claim 3, wherein the device is provided with a user operated control to indicate that the user intends to enter water, and in response to operation of the control revises the calculation of when the user has received the predetermined dose, to take into account the degradation of the sun protection material. 13. The device as claimed in claim 3, wherein the device is arranged to provide a warning when the effectiveness of the sun protection material applied by the user has reduced below a predetermined level. 14. The device as claimed in claim 3, wherein the device is associated with a container of sun screen material and is arranged to provide a warning when the sun screen material in the container has reached the end of its useful life. 15. The device of claim 1, wherein the indication that the effectiveness of a product has been reduced below a predetermined level is an indication that the product has expired. 16. The device as claimed in claim 15, wherein the device is provided with a clock function for measuring and maintaining the time. 17. The device as claimed in claim 15, wherein the device is provided with one or more sensors for monitoring the condition and/or environment of the product and/or its packaging. 18. The device as claimed in claim 17, wherein the one or more sensors monitors one or more of: UV radiation; Temperature; Air; Humidity; moisture, and agitation. 19. The device as claimed in claim 18, wherein the device is provided with preprogrammed product data comprising one or more of: the date of manufacture; the latest possible expiration date; thermal tolerance; air tolerance; oxidation tolerance; moisture tolerance; agitation tolerance, and UV radiation tolerance. 20. The device as claimed in claim 17, wherein the sensors are activated by a manual switch. 21. The device as claimed in claim 17, wherein the sensors are activated automatically. 22. The device as claimed in claim 21, wherein the device (a) stores sensor data gathered by the one or more sensors; (b) analyses the sensor data in conjunction with the pre-programmed product data; and (c) determines the time until expiry of product given the exposure of the product to various conditions. 23. The device as claimed in claim 22, wherein the device is provided with an indicator for indicating that the product has expired. 24. The device as claimed in claim 23, wherein the indicator is provided by one or more of: a visual indicator; an audio indicator; a haptic indicator, and a vibrating indicator. 25. The device as claimed in claim 15, wherein the device is provided with a display for displaying the time until the product is due to expire. 26. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the device is powered by a battery. 27. The device as claimed in claim 26, wherein the battery is a rechargeable battery powered by a solar cell. 28. A package comprising (a) a container for a product and (b) a monitoring device that provides an indication that the effectiveness of the product has been reduced below a predetermined level. 29. The package as claimed in claim 28, wherein the device is attached to or integrated within the container. 30. The package as claimed in claim 28. 