The present invention is primarily directed to improvements to cost-effective systems for concentrating and using solar energy. The present invention co-optimizes the frame and the primary mirrors and secondary concentrator for a cost-effective very high concentration quasi-parabolic dish system that uses no moulded optics for the primary concentration, and also optimizes fabrication jigs for the main components of that design. The present invention also optimizes cell contacts and provides cost effective receiver cooling for dense receiver arrays for very high concentration photovoltaic systems. The present invention also includes a semi-dense receiver array that can provide a higher acceptance angle than a dense receiver array, and finally includes mutual-shading impact minimization methods and apparatus compatible with very high concentration photovoltaic systems.
Claims 1. A two-axis concentrated photo-voltaic (CPV) apparatus having a substantially rectangular receiver of a given length and width, a large number of elongated solar reflective panels curved substantially in only one direction at any given point, the panels having width approximately equal to a length of the receiver, a frame mounting the panels to form a primary reflective surface whose shape in one dimension is substantially parabolic and mounting the receiver with respect to the panels, and a two-axis tracking mounting for the frame, wherein said apparatus is structured to increase uniformity in concentrated solar flux on said receiver by at least one of: said elongated solar reflective panels having a primary reflective surface whose shape in said one dimension differs from parabolic in manner which reflects more light onto certain regions of a secondary concentrator than a parabolic shape would, and in which the more light directed to said certain regions is redirected by said secondary concentrator to produce a more even solar flux in said dimension than if a primary reflective surface parabolic in said one dimension had been used; a set of closely-packed refractive optical elements, wherein each element further concentrates onto one or more solar cells light concentrated by said reflective panels acting as a primary concentrator, wherein the combined aperture area of said closely-packed refractive optical elements is at least twice the combined optically receptive area of the solar cells that they concentrate onto, and wherein the aperture area of said reflective panels is at least ten times the size of the combined aperture area of said closely-packed refractive optical elements, the intensity of light across said closely-packed refractive optical elements is substantially uneven, and where each of said closely-packed refractive optical elements has an aperture area substantially inversely proportion to the average intensity of light across its aperture; the receiver having a dense array of solar cells, the intensity of light across said dense array of solar cells being substantially uneven, each of said cells having an optically receptive area substantially inversely proportional to the average intensity of light across said optically receptive area; a controller for said two-axis tracking mounting by rapidly iteratively adjusting its alignment relative to the sun and comparing the power output across iterations, until a maximum power output alignment relative to the sun is determined, and then adopting that maximum power alignment relative to the sun under conditions of partially shading of said reflective panels; a controller system for said two-axis tracking mounting and other like CPV apparatus, wherein when the sun is low enough that most of said CPV apparatus are partly shaded by other CPV apparatus, said two-axis tracking mounting is turned away from the sun to minimize the shadow that said reflective panels cast on other said like CPV apparatus; and two legs forming part of said frame and supporting said receiver that have pivots at their feet and a third leg in between said two legs wherein said third leg has an automatically controllable length adjustment mechanism for adjusting a position of said receiver in a direction of said width. 2. A CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein said primary reflective surface is supported by a frame comprising substantially parallel, substantially identical rails whose shape establishes said shape of said primary reflective surface in said one dimension. 3. A CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 2, wherein said rails support segments of said primary reflective surface that curve substantially in only one dimension at any given point. 4. A CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 3, wherein each of said segments has an individual focus whose longest dimension is substantially parallel to said rail. 5. A CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein said primary concentrator concentrates solar energy in two dimensions, and wherein the aperture area of primary concentrator is at least one hundred times the size of the combined aperture area of said closely-packed refractive optical elements. 6. A CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the intensity of light across said closely-packed refractive optical elements is substantially uneven, and wherein each of said closely-packed refractive optical elements has an aperture area substantially inversely proportion to the average intensity of light across its aperture. 7. A CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein multiple ones of said set of closely-packed refractive optical elements are fabricated as a single monolithic piece. 8. A CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 7, wherein said set of closely-packed refractive optical elements is fabricated in at most two pieces. 9. A CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein said solar cells are arranged in multiple groups of cells and where cells within a given group of cells are electrically in parallel and wherein said groups are electrically in series. 10. A CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 9, wherein said solar cells are arranged in a substantially regular array and wherein said groups of cells are rows of cells. 11. A CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 9, wherein the intensity of light across said closely-packed refractive optical elements is substantially uneven, and wherein the total aperture area of the refractive optical elements that concentrate onto a group of cells is substantially inversely proportion to the average intensity of light across said total aperture area. 12. A CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 11, wherein at least one of said groups has a first sub-group of its refractive optical elements located near one end of the set of closely-packed refractive optical elements and has a second sub-group of refractive optical elements at the opposite end of said set of closely-packed refractive optical elements, and wherein the total aperture area of said first sub-group is substantially equal to the total aperture area of said second sub-group. 13. A CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 12, wherein said first and second sub-groups are at opposite corners of said set of closely-packed refractive optical elements. 14. A CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 13, wherein each group comprises a first sub-group and a second sub-group, and for each group said first sub-group is substantially as far from one end of said set of closely-packed refractive optical elements as said second sub-group is from the opposite end of said set of closely-packed refractive optical elements. 15. A CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein said solar cells are arranged in multiple groups of cells and wherein cells within a given group of cells are electrically in parallel and wherein said groups are electrically in series. 16. A CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 15, wherein at least one of said groups has a first sub-group of solar cells located near one end of said dense array of solar cells and has a second sub-group of solar cells at the opposite end of said dense array of solar cells, preferably at opposite corners of said dense array of solar cells, and where the total optically receptive area of said first sub-group is substantially equal to the total optically receptive area of said second sub-group. 17. A CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 16, wherein each group comprises a first sub-group and a second sub-group, and for each group said first sub-group is substantially as far from one end of said dense array of solar cells as said second sub-group is from the opposite end of said dense array of solar cells. 18. A CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 15, wherein one or more secondary concentrators further concentrate said solar energy between said primary concentrator and said receiver. 19. A CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 18, wherein said one or more secondary concentrators also even out the intensity of the focus of said primary concentrator onto said receiver. 20. A CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein after determining a maximum power alignment relative to the sun, said controller is operative to perform at least one subsequent adjustment of the alignment relative to the earth is based on calculation of the movement of the suns' position relative to the earth before another cycle of iterative adjustment while comparing power output is performed. 21. A CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 20, wherein the receivers on multiple trackers that are in series to feed a given inverter input are all on trackers that are turned away from the sun or are all on trackers that are left substantially aligned to the sun when one half of said trackers are turned away from the sun to minimize the shadow that they cast on other trackers. 22. A CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein said automatically controllable length adjustment mechanism is used to fine-tune the positioning of said at least one receiver relative to the rest of said multi-receiver tracker. 23. A CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 22, wherein said automatically controllable length adjustment mechanism includes a fail-safe mechanism that automatically moves said receiver out of the focus of the concentrated solar energy if ability to cool said receiver is lost. 24-147. (canceled) 148. A solar power system comprising an electrical load, a transmission line, and a two-axis concentrated photovoltaic apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the electricity is then transported over the transmission line to reach the load. 