A slit valve assembly is configured for attachment to a vacuum chamber module to seal a slot opening in a wall of the module in a closed position and to provide access through the slot opening in an open position. The valve assembly includes a rotatable shaft driven by a rotary actuator between an open rotational position and a closed rotational position. An elongated seal plate seals against the module wall over the slot opening in the closed rotational position of the shaft. At least one arm member connects the seal plate with the shaft. The arm member rotates with the shaft and is pivotally attached to the seal plate. The seal plate is biased to an articulated position relative to the arm member.
Claims 1. A slit valve assembly configured for attachment to a vacuum chamber module to seal a slot opening in a wall of the module in a closed position of said valve assembly and to provide access through the slot opening in an open position of said valve assembly, comprising: a rotatable shaft driven by a rotary actuator between an open rotational position and a closed rotational position; an elongated seal plate having a sealing face configured for sealing against the module wall over the slot opening in said closed rotational position of said shaft; and, at least one arm member operably connecting said seal plate with said shaft, said arm member fixed to said shaft so as to rotate with said shaft and pivotally attached to said seal plate; wherein said seal plate is biased to an articulated position relative to said arm member such that as said shaft rotates towards said closed rotational position, an end of said seal plate initially engages the module wall and said seal plate pivots into a parallel sealing position relative to the module wall as said shaft continues to rotate to said closed rotational position. 2. The valve assembly as in claim 1, further comprising a compressible seal provided on said sealing face of said seal plate. 3. The valve assembly as in claim 2, wherein said compressible seal comprises an O-ring seal seated with a groove defined in said sealing face. 4. The valve assembly as in claim 1, further comprising an articulation joint and a biasing spring configured between said arm member and said seal plate. 5. The valve assembly as in claim 1, further comprising a plurality of bearing supports configured along said rotatable shaft, said bearing supports configured for mounting to the module wall. 6. The valve assembly as in claim 5, wherein said valve assembly is configured as an internal slit valve such that said seal plate is disposed within and seals against an internal face of the module wall, said bearing supports having a standoff so as to extend through bores in the module wall to mount to an external face of the module wall. 7. The valve assembly as in claim 6, further comprising a shaft rotary seal assembly configured for mounting in a bore of an adjacent wall of the module to allow penetration of said shaft into the vacuum chamber module. 8. The valve assembly as in claim 5, wherein said valve assembly is configured as an external slit valve such that said seal plate seals against an external face of the module wall, said bearing supports mountable to the external face of the module wall. 9. The valve assembly as in claim 8, further comprising a rotary bearing block configured for mounting externally to an adjacent wall of the module. 10. A vacuum chamber module for processing substrates in a vacuum, comprising: a housing having end walls with a slot opening defined therein for passage of substrates into and out of said housing; a slit valve assembly configured on at least one of said end walls, said valve assembly further comprising a rotatable shaft driven by a rotary actuator between an open rotational position and a closed rotational position; an elongated seal plate having a sealing face configured for sealing against said module end wall over said slot opening in said closed rotational position of said shaft; and, at least one arm member operably connecting said seal plate with said shaft, said arm member fixed to said shaft so as to rotate with said shaft and pivotally attached to said seal plate; wherein said seal plate is biased to an articulated position relative to said arm member such that as said shaft rotates towards said closed rotational position, an end of said seal plate initially engages said module end wall and said seal plate pivots into a parallel sealing position relative to said module end wall as said shaft continues to rotate to said closed rotational position. 11. The vacuum chamber module as in claim 10, wherein said module is configured as an in-line component in a vacuum deposition processing line for manufacture of solar panels. 12. The vacuum chamber module as in claim 10, comprising a respective said slit valve assembly at each of said module end walls. 13. The vacuum chamber module as in claim 10, further comprising an O-ring seal seated with a groove defined in said sealing face. 14. The vacuum chamber module as in claim 10, further comprising an articulation joint and a biasing spring configured between said arm member and said seal plate. 15. The vacuum chamber module as in claim 10, further comprising a plurality of bearing supports configured along said rotatable shaft and mounted to said module end wall. 16. The vacuum chamber module as in claim 15, wherein said valve assembly is configured as an internal slit valve on said module end wall at an inlet to said module, said seal plate disposed within said module and sealable against an internal face of said module end wall, said bearing supports mounted to an external face of said module end wall and having a standoff extending through bores in said module end wall to connect to said shaft. 17. The vacuum chamber module as in claim 16, further comprising a shaft rotary seal assembly mounted in a bore of an adjacent side wall of said module, said shaft extending through said rotary seal assembly and connected to said rotary actuator. 18. The vacuum chamber module as in claim 15, wherein said valve assembly is configured as an external slit valve on said module end wall at an outlet to said module, said seal plate sealable against an external face of said module end wall, said bearing supports mounted to the external face of said module end wall. 19. The vacuum chamber module as in claim 10, comprising said slit valve assembly at each of an inlet and outlet ones of said module end walls, said valve assembly at said inlet module end wall configured as an internal slit valve with said seal plate disposed within said module and sealable against an internal face of said module end wall, and further comprising a plurality of bearing supports mounted to an external face of said module end wall and having a standoff extending through bores in said module end wall to connect to said shaft. 20. The vacuum chamber module as in claim 19, wherein said valve assembly at said outlet module end wall is configured as an as an external slit valve with said seal plate sealable against an external face of said module end wall, and further comprising a plurality of bearing supports mounted to said external face of said module end wall. 