A method and an arrangement for monitoring a component which is a part of a solar power system is provided. The component receives and converts solar energy using a receiver. The temperature of the receiver of the component is determined using a remote monitoring method. The component is then adjusted or corrected in accordance with the temperature.
Claims 1-9. (canceled) 10. A method for monitoring a component, comprising: providing the component, as part of a solar power plant, which receives and converts solar energy with the aid of a receiver; determining the temperature of the receiver of the component with the aid of a remote monitoring method; and adjusting or correcting the component as a function of the temperature. 11. The method as claimed in claim 10, wherein the remote monitoring method is a wireless remote monitoring method. 12. The method as claimed in claim 10, wherein the remote monitoring method sends a wirelessly transmitted measurement signal to the receiver and receives a likewise wirelessly transmitted measurement signal reflected by the receiver, and wherein the temperature of the receiver is determined by means of a comparison of the two measurement signals. 13. The method as claimed in claim 10, wherein the remote monitoring method uses infrared beams to determine the temperature. 14. The method as claimed in claim 10, wherein the remote monitoring method uses microwaves to determine the temperature. 15. The method as claimed in claim 12, wherein the measurement signal travels to the receiver from a remote monitoring system via a mirror that is associated with the receiver, and wherein the measurement signal is reflected by the receiver surface and reflected back via the associated mirror so as to be received by the remote monitoring device. 16. The method as claimed in claim 12, wherein the temperature of the receiver is determined by measuring the temperature at the receiver at selected points. 17. The method as claimed in claim 16, wherein the solar power plant is a parabolic trough plant or a concentrated photovoltaic plant. 18. The method as claimed in claim 17, wherein in the case of a concentrated photovoltaic plant, the representative temperature for a module is determined, wherein the module comprises a plurality of minors and receivers, and wherein the module is sampled over the entire surface by means of the measurement signal in order to determine the temperatures of the receivers that are arranged in the module. 19. The method as claimed in claim 18, wherein the minors are realigned by means of a feedback-control adjustment to track the current position of the sun as a function of the temperature. 20. The method as claimed in claim 12, wherein the location of defective components within the plant is pinpointed with the aid of the temperature measurement in order to allow their repair or replacement. 21. An arrangement for performing the method as claimed in claim 10, comprising: a component which, as part of a solar power plant, receives and converts solar energy with the aid of a receiver; and a remote monitoring device which determines the temperature of the receiver of the component with the aid of wirelessly transmitted measurement signals in order to adjust or correct the component as a function of the temperature. 22. The arrangement as claimed in claim 21, wherein a wirelessly transmitted measurement signal is sent to the receiver and likewise a wirelessly transmitted measurement signal is reflected by the receiver, and wherein the temperature of the receiver is determined by means of a comparison of the two measurement signals. 23. The arrangement as claimed in claim 21, wherein infrared beams are used to determine the temperature. 24. The arrangement as claimed in claim 21, wherein microwaves are used to determine the temperature. 25. The arrangement as claimed in claim 22, wherein the measurement signal travels to the receiver from a remote monitoring system via a mirror that is associated with the receiver, and wherein the measurement signal is reflected by the receiver surface and reflected back via the associated mirror so as to be received by the remote monitoring device. 26. The arrangement as claimed in claim 22, wherein the temperature of the receiver is determined by measuring the temperature at the receiver at selected points. 27. The arrangement as claimed in claim 26, wherein the solar power plant is a parabolic trough plant or a concentrated photovoltaic plant. 28. The arrangement as claimed in claim 27, wherein in the case of a concentrated photovoltaic plant, the representative temperature for a module is determined, wherein the module comprises a plurality of mirrors and receivers, and wherein the module is sampled over the entire surface by means of the measurement signal in order to determine the temperatures of the receivers that are arranged in the module. 29. The arrangement as claimed in claim 28, wherein the mirrors are realigned by means of a feedback-control adjustment to track the current position of the sun as a function of the temperature. 