An apparatus and method for the distillation of ocean and brackish water that includes insulation means for preventing heat from escaping to the atmosphere is disclosed. The insulation means comprises a second wall surrounding the basic assemblies of a desalination system in which the space between the second wall and basic assemblies is under low partial vacuum and is partially or totally filled with an insulation material for structural support. The system provides a means for flash evaporation of heated input water and condensing the resultant vapors into pure distilled water. A means for recapturing and using the heat of condensation as well as heat from the salt byproduct to preheat the input contaminated water is also disclosed.
Claims 1. A desalination system for substantially increasing the efficiency of the distillation of ocean and brackish water by continuously reusing heat energy to reduce the overall energy requirements, comprised of basic assemblies, including an evaporation chamber; a vapor transfer assembly; and a condensing chamber; wherein said basic assemblies comprise a secondary wall, wherein the space between the secondary wall and the basic assemblies is under low partial vacuum, between 0.001 and 1 Torr (0.1333 to 133.3 pascal), to maintain very low conductive and convection heat loss. 2. The desalination system of claim 1, wherein the space between the secondary wall and the basic assemblies is partially or totally filled with an insulation material for structural support. 3. The desalination system of claim 2, wherein the insulation material is Perlite. 4. The desalination system of claim 1, wherein the evaporation chamber houses a plurality of spray nozzles being fed heated input sea water from an external water heater source, at least one evaporation chamber port, cooling coils, and a means for removing remaining solids such as an auger. 5. The desalination system of claim 4, wherein the external water heater source is a solar collector field. 6. The desalination system of claim 1, wherein the evaporation chamber is under partial vacuum generated by a vacuum pump assembly. 7. The desalination system of claim 6, wherein the vacuum pump assembly maintains pressure in the evaporation chamber well below the saturation vapor pressure over the range of input water temperature. 8. The desalination system of claim 1, wherein the evaporation chamber houses a demister directly above the plurality of spray nozzles. 9. The desalination system of claim 1, wherein the vapor transfer assembly connects the top of the evaporation chamber to the vacuum pump assembly 12 to provide a means for density-saturated vapor 6 to transfer between the evaporation chamber and the vacuum pump assembly. 10. The desalination system of claim 1, wherein the condensing chamber is located below the vacuum pump assembly, and wherein the condensing chamber comprises a condensing chamber port and houses a heat exchanger, a heat exchanger port, and a heat exchanger exit. 11. The desalination system of claim 10, wherein the heat exchanger is a Plate Heat Exchanger (PHE). 12. A method for substantially increasing the efficiency of the distillation of ocean and brackish water by continuously reusing heat energy to reduce overall energy requirements, comprising the steps of: a. installing a second wall around a desalination system comprised of basic assemblies including an evaporation chamber, a vapor transfer assembly, and a condensing chamber; b. maintaining a low partial vacuum in the space between the second wall and the basic assemblies; c. partially or totally filling the space between the second wall and the basic assemblies with an insulation material for structural support; d. feeding heated input sea water into the evaporation chamber through a plurality of spray nozzles, wherein the heated input sea water comes from an external water heater source; e. transforming the heated input sea water into droplet-mist that flash vaporize into a density-saturated vapor through use of the plurality of spray nozzles; f. maintaining the evaporation chamber under partial vacuum, generated by a vacuum pump assembly, so that the pressure in the evaporation chamber is well below the saturation vapor pressure over the range of input water temperature; g. removing solids that remain from the droplet-mist that flash vaporize in the evaporation chamber and fall and collect at the bottom of the evaporation chamber; h. preventing the fine droplet-mist from entering the vapor transfer assembly by way of a demister; i. transferring the density-saturated vapor between the evaporation chamber to the vacuum pump assembly by way of a vapor transfer assembly, wherein the density-saturated vapor is drawn through the demister by the vacuum pump assembly; j. transforming the density-saturated vapor into a vapor-liquid state and moving the vapor-liquid into a heat exchanger by mounting the condensing chamber below the vacuum pump assembly so that the discharge output of the vacuum pump assembly provides a pressure increase within the condensing chamber that forces the density-saturated vapor into a vapor-liquid state and further forces it into a heat exchanger; k. condensing the liquid-vapor into pure liquid water by continually cooling the heat-exchanger with intake sea water that is distributed by a ratio valve through an intake channel into a heat-exchanger port. l. transferring the intake sea water, now heated by the heat-of-condensation of vapor-liquid, from a heat-exchanger exit through a vacuum insulated channel to the external water heater source to be fed back into the evaporation chamber. 13. The method of claim 12, further comprising the steps of: a. distributing intake sea water from the ratio valve through a first bottom chamber port into cooling coils to cool the solids that collect at the bottom of the evacuation chamber; and b. transferring the intake sea water, now heated by the solids, from the cooling coils to the external water heater source by way of a second bottom chamber port and a vacuum insulated channel leading to the external water heater source. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the ratio valve adjusts the intake sea water flow rate through the cooling coils to insure minimum heat loss and maximum heat recovery. 15. The method of claim 12, wherein the ratio valve adjusts the intake sea water flow rate through the heat-exchanger to insure minimum heat loss and maximum heat recovery. 