The present invention relates to a method for monitoring photovoltaic modules (1, 2), which are used in an arrangement comprising several photovoltaic modules, which are connected in particular in series by means of electrical conducting means (3), wherein a separate microcontroller (5) is associated with the respective photovoltaic module (1, 2), an in particular continual determination of at least one status parameter of the respective photovoltaic module (1, 2) is performed by the microcontroller (5), the data concerning the status parameter are transmitted to an evaluating unit (10), the data intended to be transmitted to the evaluating unit (10) are designed in the form of data blocks (7, 8), the electrical conducting means (3) present for connecting the individual photovoltaic modules (1) are used to transmit the data blocks (7, 8), and the data blocks (7, 8) are transmitted independently of each other so that the probability of data blocks (7, 8) colliding with each other is greater than 0.
Claims 1. Method for monitoring photovoltaic modules (1, 2), which are used in an arrangement comprising several photovoltaic modules, which are connected in particular in series by means of electrical conducting means (3), wherein a separate microcontroller (5) is associated with the respective photovoltaic module (1, 2), an in particular continual determination of the at least one status parameter of the respective photovoltaic module (1, 2) is performed by the microcontroller (5), the data concerning the status parameter are transmitted to an evaluating unit (10), the data intended to be transmitted to the evaluating unit (10) are designed in the form of data blocks (7, 8), the electrical conducting means (3) present for connecting the individual photovoltaic modules (1) are used to transmit the data blocks (7, 8) and the data blocks (7, 8) are transmitted independently of each other so that the probability of said data blocks (7, 8) colliding with each other is greater than 0. 2. Method according to claim 1, characterized in that the microcontroller (5) of the one photovoltaic module (e.g. 1) generates data blocks (7 or 8) independently of the microcontroller of the further photovoltaic module (e.g. 2) and feeds said data blocks into the electrical conducting means (3) 3. Method according to claim 1 or 2, characterized in that each microcontroller (5) waits a delay time T.sub.W to be generated in particular randomly until a data block (7, 8) is fed into the electrical conducting means (3). 4. Method according to claim 3, characterized in that the mean random delay time )T.sub.W fulfills the following condition )T.sub.w.E-backward.N.apprxeq.T.sub.D/)C.sub.R wherein N depicts the number of photovoltaic in the series, T.sub.D is the time which is necessary to transmit a data block and )C.sub.R represents the mean error rate due to data blocks colliding with each other. 5. Method according to claim 4, characterized in that the mean error rate )C.sub.R lies in a range from 10.sup.-1 to 10.sup.-6, preferably 10.sup.-2 to 10.sup.-5. 6. Method according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the current located in the electrical conducting means (e.g. 3) is changed, in particular modulated, to form the data for the data blocks (7. 8). 7. Method according to claim 6, characterized in that a sequence of modulation pulses is generated in the electrical conducting means (e.g. 3) from a bit string in the microcontroller (5). 8. Method according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the energy for transmitting the data blocks (7, 8) is drawn from the photovoltaic module (1, 2) itself. 9. Method according to claim 6, characterized in that the data block (7, 8) is constructed from individual data elements (11, 31, 6). 10. Method according to claim 9 characterized in that the data block (7, 8) comprises data elements (11) for identifying the respective photovoltaic modules (1,2). 11. Method according to claim 9 or 10, characterized in that the data block (7,8) comprises data elements (31) concerning the status parameters of the respective photovoltaic modules (1, 2). 12. Method according to claim 11, characterized in that the electrical voltage is determined as the status parameter. 13. Method according to claims 9 to 12, characterized in that the data block (7, 8) comprises data elements (6) for a plausibility check. 14. Method according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the character string or bit string within the data block (7, 8) is generated according to the pseudorandom principle. 15. Method according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the respective data blocks (7, 8) are transmitted at specified, in particular constant intervals. 16. Method according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the check for the presence of data blocks (7, 8), which have experienced a damaging impact, in particular a collision, is performed by a plausibility check on the part of an evaluating unit (10) with the help of the data element (6). 17. Method according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the serial number of each photovoltaic module (1) is used for the purpose of initializing the formation of the character string within the data block. 18. Method according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that a DC current measurement is performed in a common evaluating unit (10). 19. Method according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that a capacitance measurement is performed in the common evaluating unit (10). 20. Method according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that a voltage measurement is performed. 21. Method according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that a capacitance measurement is performed. 22. Method according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the voltage, the temperature and/or the amperage are ascertained as the status parameter. 23. Photovoltaic module, in particular for performing the method according to one of the preceding claims, comprising at least one, preferably a plurality of photovoltaic cells (9) connected to each other, a junction box (14, 15) for connecting the photovoltaic cells to an electrical conducting means (3, 4), characterized in that a testing device (12) is provided, which determines status parameters of the relevant photovoltaic module (1) and feeds said parameters in the form of data blocks (7) into the electrical conducting means (3, 4) independently of the feed of data blocks (8) from testing devices (13) of other photovoltaic modules (2). 24. Photovoltaic module according to claim 23, characterized in that the testing device (12, 13) comprises a microcontroller (5), which performs the transmission of data blocks (7,8) by means of modulation of the current which is available in the electrical conducting means (3, 4). 25. Photovoltaic module according to claim 23 or 24, characterized in that the microcontroller (5) comprises a device for measuring voltage, temperature and/or ameperage. 26. Photovoltaic module according to claim 24 or 25, characterized in that the testing device (12, 13) comprises a shunt circuit for current modulation. 27. Arrangement for generating electrical current from solar energy comprising a plurality of photovoltaic modules (1, 2), connecting means (3, 4), which are provided for the purpose of connecting the individual photovoltaic modules (1, 2) in a series, wherein a testing device (12, 13) for acquiring status parameters of the associated photovoltaic module is associated with each photovoltaic module (1, 2). an evaluating unit (10), which is provided for the purpose of receiving and further processing the signals of the testing device (12, 13), characterized in that the signals of each testing device (12 or 13) are generated as data blocks (7 or 8), and the signals of the respective testing device (e.g. 12) are fed into the electrical conducting means (3) independently of the feed of data blocks (e.g. 8) of other testing devices (e.g. 13), so that the probability of data blocks (7 or 8) of different photovoltaic modules (1 or 2) colliding with each other is greater than 0. 28. Arrangement according to claim 27, characterized in that the data blocks (7, 8) are subjected to a plausibility check in the evaluating unit (10). 29. Arrangement according to claim 28, characterized in that the evaluating unit (10) comprises a microprocessor, which receives the data blocks and performs an evaluation by means of acquiring the current pulses. 