The present invention provides a system and computer program product for implementing a smart transformer, comprising a processor, and a balancing algorithm residing on the processor, wherein the balancing algorithm is stored on a non-transitory computer readable medium having computer executable program code embodied thereon, the computer executable program code configured to cause the system to monitor and control an electric customer load and generation in order to optimize the performance of a distribution transformer, wherein the processor receives a plurality of system inputs and uses the balancing algorithm to determine a rating of the transformer and an amount of customer load.
Claims 1. A system for implementing a smart transformer, comprising: a processor; and a balancing algorithm residing on the processor; wherein the balancing algorithm is stored on a non-transitory computer readable medium having computer executable program code embodied thereon, the computer executable program code configured to cause the system to monitor and control an electric customer load and generation in order to optimize the performance of a distribution transformer; wherein the processor receives a plurality of system inputs and uses the balancing algorithm to determine a rating of the transformer and an amount of customer load. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the processor uses the balancing algorithm to determine an optimum dispatch of load that will prevent overload of the distribution transformer. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the processor receives a plurality of user inputs comprising two or more user inputs selected from the group consisting of: loading guidelines; interval; nameplate KVA; and voltage. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the processor receives a plurality of user inputs comprising two or more user inputs selected from the group consisting of: loading guidelines; interval; nameplate KVA; and voltage. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the loading guidelines include % rated KVA allowed as a decimal based on hot spot temperature, oil temperature, and ambient temperature. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the processor receives loading guidelines including % rated KVA allowed as a decimal based on hot spot temperature, oil temperature, and ambient temperature. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the processor receives distributed generation values representing all customer distributed generation off of the transformer including at least photovoltaic systems and battery storage. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the processor send a busy signal to the customer if the current load is exceeding the loading guidelines, and distributed generation is unavailable. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the transformer is placed in a waiting mode if the processor detects a possible transformer overload, whereby the processor is thereby blocked from normal operation. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein device priority is used to determine when the transformer moves out of the waiting mode and is allowed to resume normal operation. 11. A non-transitory computer readable medium having computer executable program code embodied thereon, the computer executable program code configured to cause a processor to monitor and control an electric customer load and generation in order to optimize the performance of a distribution transformer, by performing the steps of: receiving a plurality of system inputs; utilizing a balancing algorithm to determine a rating of the transformer and an amount of customer load; and utilizing the balancing algorithm to determine an optimum dispatch of load that will prevent overload of the distribution transformer, wherein the plurality of system inputs comprises five or more inputs selected from the group consisting of: system load; transformer load; transformer type, size, and vintage; humidity; ambient temperature of transformer; transformer GPS location; price signals; individual customer load; specific equipment load; distributed generation output and type; voltage; and date/time. 12. The computer readable medium of claim 11, further comprising receiving a plurality of user inputs comprising two or more user inputs selected from the group consisting of: loading guidelines; interval; nameplate KVA; and voltage. 13. The computer readable medium of claim 12, wherein the loading guidelines include % rated KVA allowed as a decimal based on hot spot temperature, oil temperature, and ambient temperature. 14. The computer readable medium of claim 11, further comprising a distribution transformer monitor for measuring at least the current, voltage, and ambient temperature of the transformer. 15. A non-transitory computer readable medium having computer executable program code embodied thereon, the computer executable program code configured to cause a processor to monitor and control an electric customer load and generation in order to optimize the performance of a distribution transformer, by performing the steps of: receiving a plurality of system inputs; utilizing a balancing algorithm to determine a rating of the transformer and an amount of customer load; and utilizing the balancing algorithm to determine an optimum dispatch of load that will prevent overload of the distribution transformer; and receiving distributed generation values representing all customer distributed generation off of the transformer including at least photovoltaic systems and battery storage. 16. The computer readable medium of claim 15, further comprising determining whether the current load is exceeding the loading guidelines, and if so, determining whether there is available distributed generation. 17. The computer readable medium of claim 16, further comprising, if distributed generation is unavailable, sending an alarm to the customer and starting a busy signal to communicate to the customer that it is not advisable to add load to the system at that particular time. 18. A system for implementing a smart transformer, comprising: a processor; and a balancing algorithm residing on the processor; wherein the balancing algorithm is stored on a non-transitory computer readable medium having computer executable program code embodied thereon, the computer executable program code configured to cause the system to monitor and control an electric customer load and generation in order to optimize the performance of a distribution transformer; wherein the processor receives a plurality of system inputs and uses the balancing algorithm to determine a rating of the transformer and an amount of customer load, and wherein the processor receives distributed generation values representing all customer distributed generation off of the transformer including at least photovoltaic systems and battery storage. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein the processor send a busy signal to the customer if the current load is exceeding the loading guidelines, and distributed generation is unavailable. 20. The system of claim 18, wherein the transformer is placed in a waiting mode if the processor detects a possible transformer overload, whereby the processor is thereby blocked from normal operation. 21. The system of claim 19, wherein device priority is used to determine when the transformer moves out of the waiting mode and is allowed to resume normal operation. 