A method for determining the state of charge of a vehicle at least partially electrically powered and rechargeable by at least one solar panel. The method utilizes a computer system including one or more processors and memory storing one or more programs to perform the following operations at the time the vehicle is turned off. A current status of charge of the vehicle is measured and a charging predictor is selected from at least one of the vehicles, geographic location, date, time, vehicle tilt angle, weather conditions and solar panel efficiency. An estimated charging schedule based on said current state of charge and the charging predictor is calculated and transmitted to a remote location or the current state of charge and charging predictor transmitted to a remote location while an estimated charging schedule is calculated.
Claims 1. A method for determining the state of charge of a vehicle, said vehicle including a battery rechargeable by at least one solar panel, and a computer system including one or more processors and memory storing one or more programs, said method comprising executing the one or more programs to perform the following operations at the time the vehicle is turned off, measuring a current state of charge of said battery, selecting at least one charge predictor from the group consisting of the vehicle geographic location, date, time, vehicle tilt angle, weather at vehicle location, solar panel efficiency, and combinations thereof, and performing a further step of: (i) calculating an estimated charging schedule based on said current state of charge and said at least one charge predictor and transmitting said charging schedule to a remote location, or (ii) transmitting said current state of charge and said at least one charge predictor to a remote location where a charging schedule is calculated. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein said remote location is selected from the group consisting of a mobile phone, a personal data assistant, a computer, a key fob and combinations thereof. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein said remote location is a mobile phone. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein at least three charge predictors are selected. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein solar panel efficiency is determined by assessing cleanliness of the panel. 6. The method of claim wherein said vehicle comprises an electric vehicle. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein said at least one charge predictor is vehicle tilt angle. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein said remote location includes a processor and one or more programs to calculate said charging schedule. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein said charging schedule comprises a percentage of battery charge at a given time. 10. A method for predicting a future state of charge of a vehicle including a rechargeable stored energy source, said method comprising determining a present state of charge of said vehicle, recharging said stored energy source using energy derived from a solar panel and calculating in combination with a tilt angle of the vehicle a future state of charge of said vehicle. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein said calculating step further relies on the vehicle geographic location, date, time and weather at the vehicle location. 12. The method of claim 10 being performed when said vehicle is parked or is in operation. 13. The method of claim 10 wherein said future state of charge is communicated to a remote location. 14. The method of claim 11 wherein said future rate of charge is respectfully calculated over time. 15. A method for remotely monitoring the state of charge of an at least partially electrically powered vehicle, said vehicle including a rechargeable battery, said method comprising measuring a current state of charge of said battery, and transmitting said current state of charge via one or both a wired and an internal wireless connection to a portable electronic device. 16. The method of claim herein said portable electronic device comprises a mobile phone. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein said portable electronic device includes software adapted to calculate an available range of vehicle operation based on said current state of charge and a charging condition of said battery. 18. The method of claim 17 wherein said software includes a step of indicating if said battery is charging and recalculating said available range of vehicle operation based on charging time. 19. The method of claim 18 wherein said step of indicating if said battery is charging includes identifying if said charging is through the vehicle being plugged in or from a solar panel. 20. The method claim 18 wherein said charging is provided by a solar panel and said mobile phone further receives a vehicle tilt angle and utilizing said tilt angle in calculating said available range of vehicle operation. 