For use in building and construction, a bifacial photovoltaic module having at least one reflective element disposed on a surface of a light transmitting substrate such that a portion of the solar radiation passing through the sheet of light-transmitting substrate is reflected off of the reflective element so as to be capable of conversion to electrical energy by a photoactive portion of the photovoltaic module.
Claims 1. A bifacial photovoltaic module for building and construction comprising: a sheet of a light-transmitting substrate material having a first and a second major surface, the first major surface of the substrate adapted to be oriented toward a source of solar radiation, and the second major surface adapted to be oriented toward an exterior surface or an interior space of a building; one or more layers of material which singly, or in combination, comprise a photoactive structure having first and second activation surfaces disposed over the first major surface of the light transmitting substrate; and at least one reflective element disposed over the second major surface of the substrate, such that a portion of the solar radiation passing through the sheet of light-transmitting substrate is reflected off of the reflective element back through the light-transmitting substrate to the photoactive structure; and the photoactive structure is contacted by both direct incoming solar radiation on the first activation surface and by a reflected portion of such incoming solar radiation on the second activation surface as directed thereto by the at least one reflective element. 2. The bifacial photovoltaic module defined in claim 1, wherein the module further comprises a device for collecting the direct electrical current generated by conversion of radiant energy by the photoactive structure. 3. The bifacial photovoltaic module defined in claim 2, wherein the module further comprises an inverter for converting the direct electrical current to alternative electrical current. 4. The bifacial photovoltaic module defined in claim 1, wherein the light-transmitting substrate material comprises glass. 5. The bifacial photovoltaic module defined in claim 4, wherein the glass substrate comprises a low-iron content, soda-lime-silica glass. 6. The bifacial photovoltaic module defined in claim 1, wherein the at least one reflective element comprises a metal or metal oxide film having a reflectivity .gtoreq.10%. 7. The bifacial photovoltaic module defined in claim 6, wherein the metal or metal oxide film is one chosen from the group consisting of: chromium, aluminum, silver and silica. 8. A bifacial photovoltaic module for building and construction comprising: a first and second sheet of a light-transmitting substrate material, arranged in a parallel relationship each having a first and a second major surface; a sheet of a light-transmitting polymeric material having two major surfaces disposed between the two sheets of the light-transmitting substrate and bonded to the second major surface of the first glass sheet and the first major surface of the second glass sheet so as to create a laminate; a photoactive material disposed on at least one of the major surfaces of the light-transmitting polymeric material to form a photoactive structure; and at least one reflective element disposed over at least one of the first and second major surface of the second sheet of light-transmitting substrate material, such that a portion of the solar radiation passing through the sheet of light-transmitting substrate is reflected off of the reflective element back through the light-transmitting substrate to the photoactive structure, wherein the photoactive structure is activated by both direct incoming solar radiation and by a reflected portion of such incoming solar radiation as directed thereto by the at least one reflective element. 9. The bifacial photovoltaic module defined in claim 8, wherein the light-transmitting substrate material comprises glass. 10. The bifacial photovoltaic module defined in claim 8, wherein the coated light-transmitting polymeric material is one selected from the group consisting of: pholyvinyl butyral, polyvinyl chloride, EVA, and mylar. 11. The bifacial photovoltaic module defined in claim 8, wherein the at least one reflective element comprises a metal or a metal oxide film having a reflectivity .gtoreq.10%. 12. The bifacial photovoltaic module defined in claim 11, wherein the at elast one reflective element comprises a metal or a metal oxide film having a reflectivity .gtoreq.50%. 13. A bifacial photovoltaic module for building and construction comprising: a first and second substantially transparent glass sheet in a parallel relationship having bondingly disposed therebetween a polymeric photoactive structure to form a laminate; at least a third glass sheet having first and second major surfaces in a parallel, spaced apart relationship with the laminate; a spacer element defining a space between the laminate and the at least third glass sheet; at least one reflective element disposed over at least one of the first and second major surface of the at least third glass sheet, such that a portion of the solar radiation passing through the laminate and the space between the laminate and the at least third glass sheet is reflected off of the at least one reflective element back to the photoactive structure, wherein the photoactive structure is activated by both direct incoming solar radiation and by a reflected portion of such incoming solar radiation as directed thereto by the at least one reflective element. 14. The bifacial photovoltaic module defined in claim 13, wherein the at least one reflective element is substantially opaque. 15. The bifacial photovoltaic module defined in claim 13, wherein the at least one reflective element is light-transmitting. 