A photovoltaic device comprising an array of elongate reflector elements mounted substantially parallel to one another and transversely spaced in series, at least one of the reflector elements having an elongate concave reflective surface to reflect incident solar radiation towards a forward adjacent reflector element in the array. The at least one reflector element includes a photovoltaic receptor mounted on the reflector element by a mounting arrangement to receive reflected solar radiation from a rearward adjacent reflector element. The reflector element also includes a heat sink in heat transfer relationship with the photovoltaic receptor, thermally isolating the photovoltaic receptor, at least partially, from the reflector element.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic device comprising: an array of elongate reflector elements mounted substantially parallel to one another and transversely spaced in series, at least one of the reflector elements having an elongate concave reflective surface disposed towards a forward adjacent reflector element in the array, the at least one reflector element including: a photovoltaic receptor mounted on the reflector element by a mounting arrangement, the photovoltaic receptor receiving reflected solar radiation from a rearward adjacent reflector element; and a heat sink in heat transfer relationship with the photovoltaic receptor, thermally isolating the photovoltaic receptor, at least partially, from the reflector element. 2. The device according to claim 1, wherein the mounting arrangement spaces the photovoltaic receptor from the reflector element, providing a convection gap between the reflector element and the photovoltaic receptor, the heat sink forming part of the mounting arrangement and being located, at least partially, in the convection gap. 3. The device according to claim 2, wherein the photovoltaic receptor is mounted on the associated reflector element adjacent an operatively upper edge of the reflector element. 4. The device according to claim 2, wherein the heat sink comprises a set of cooling fins which are substantially parallel to one another and are transversely spaced in series along a length of the reflector element, the cooling fins lying in respective planes transverse to the length of the reflector element. 5. The device according to claim 4, wherein the photovoltaic receptor is an elongate photovoltaic strip, the mounting arrangement including an elongate holder engaged with the photovoltaic strip, the mounting arrangement further including a thermal expansion arrangement. 6. The device according to claim 5, wherein the holder comprises a series of holder sections longitudinally aligned and arranged end-to-end in series along the length of the photovoltaic strip, adjacent ends of neighboring holder sections spaced by an expansion gap. 7. The device according to claim 6, wherein two or more of the holder sections are fast with a plurality of the cooling fins, the cooling fins being anchored at their proximal ends to a base and the two or more holder sections respectively connected to distal ends of the associated cooling fins. 8. The device according to claim 1, wherein at least one of the reflector elements has a secondary optic device directing solar radiation reflected on to it by a rearward adjacent reflector element on to the associated photovoltaic receptor. 9. The device according to claim 8, wherein the secondary optic device comprises at least one secondary reflector fast with the associated reflector element. 10. The device according to claim 9, wherein the photovoltaic receptor extends longitudinally along the associated reflector element, the secondary optic device including secondary reflectors bordering the photovoltaic receptor and extending along opposite sides of the photovoltaic receptor. 11. The device according to claim 9, wherein the secondary optic device includes an elongate recess in which the photovoltaic receptor is located, the recess having an open mouth facing toward a rearward adjacent reflector element, and the recess having reflective interior walls forming the secondary reflector. 12. A mounting unit comprising: a connection arrangement engageable with a reflector element forming part of an array of elongate reflector elements mounted substantially parallel to one another and transversely spaced in series, at least one of the reflector elements having an elongate concave reflective surface to reflect solar radiation on to a photovoltaic receptor mounted on an adjacent reflector element in the array; an elongate photovoltaic receptor holder fast with the connection arrangement; and a heat sink operatively connected to the photovoltaic receptor holder and in heat transfer relationship with the photovoltaic receptor holder, thermally isolating the photovoltaic receptor holder, at least partially, from the connection arrangement. 13. The unit according to claim 12, wherein the connection arrangement includes a snapfit formation engageable with a complementary snapfit formation on the reflector element. 14. The unit according to claim 12, further comprising a secondary optic device directing solar radiation reflected on to it to a photovoltaic receptor held by the photovoltaic receptor holder. 15. A photovoltaic device comprising: an array of elongate reflector elements mounted substantially parallel to one another and transversely spaced in series, at least one of the reflector elements having an elongate concave reflective surface to reflect incident solar radiation towards a forward adjacent reflector element in the array, the at least one reflector element including: a photovoltaic receptor mounted on the reflector element; and a secondary optic device directing solar radiation reflected on to it by a rearward adjacent reflector element on to the associated photovoltaic receptor. 16. The device according to claim 15, wherein the secondary optic device comprises at least one secondary reflector fast with the associated reflector element. 17. The device according to claim 16, wherein the photovoltaic receptor extends longitudinally along the associated reflector element, the secondary optic device including secondary reflectors bordering the photovoltaic receptor and extending along opposite sides of the photovoltaic receptor. 18. The device according to claim 17, wherein the secondary optic device includes an elongate recess in which the photovoltaic receptor is located, the recess having an open mouth facing toward a rearward adjacent reflector element, and the recess having reflective interior walls forming the secondary reflector. 19. The device according to claim 15, further comprising a heat sink in heat transfer relationship with the photovoltaic receptor, thermally isolating the photovoltaic receptor, at least partially, from the reflector element. 20. The device according to claim 19, further comprising a convection gap between the reflector element and the photovoltaic receptor, the heat sink being located, at least partially, in the convection gap. 