An electrically powered device for emitting light and for also producing and releasing fragrances or other vaporizing agents into the surrounding environment through the combined use of a heating element and a polymeric disk that is impregnated with vaporizing agents, at least a portion of which are released into the air upon the application of heat to said disk. In the preferred embodiment of the invention, the heating element and light sources are contained within a base unit that is positioned at a lower portion of the device. The disk, which is formed and shaped so as to optimize exposed surface area, rests on an upper surface of the heating element during operation of the device. The fragrance disk is intended to be removed from the device after a substantial portion of the vaporizing agents impregnated therein are released into the air, allowing for its replacement with another disk.
Claims 1. A fragrance producing lighting device comprising: (a) an electric power and control circuit connected to a base unit and one or more electric light sources, said electric light sources mounted on said base unit; (b) an electric heating element mounted on said base unit and electrically connected to said power and control circuit; (c) a replaceable fragrance disk composed of a polymeric material impregnated with a vaporizing agent; said fragrance disk having a plurality of venting holes formed therein, said fragrance disk adapted for removably mounting on said heating element; wherein at least a portion of said vaporizing agent is released into the air surrounding said device upon heating of said fragrance disk by said heating element and wherein said fragrance disk remains in a substantially solid state when heated. 2. The fragrance producing lighting device of claim 1, further comprising an outer housing structure adapted to at least partially enclose said base unit, said outer housing structure containing one or more openings. 3. The fragrance producing lighting device of claim 1, wherein each of said one or more electric lighting sources is a light emitting diode (LED), wherein said electric power and control circuit intermittently illuminates at least one of said light emitting diodes independently of said other said lighting sources to provide a flame-like flickering effect. 4. The fragrance producing lighting device of claim 1, wherein said device is powered by an A/C power source. 5. The fragrance producing lighting device of claim 1, wherein said device is powered by batteries. 6. The fragrance producing lighting device of claim 1, wherein said electric power and control circuit includes a control unit connected to a power source and having one or more switches mounted thereto, said one or more switches being connected to said light sources and said heating element to provide for user control of said light sources and said heating element. 7. The fragrance producing lighting device of claim 6, further comprising a timer control circuit connected to at least one of said one or more switches, wherein said timer control circuit is adapted for controlling the time period during which said heating element produces heat. 8. The fragrance producing lighting device of claim 7, wherein at least one of said one or more switches controlling said heating element has three positions comprising an on position, an off position, and a timed position where the heating element will remain activated for a pre-determined length of time. 9. The fragrance producing lighting device of claim 8, wherein said tinier control circuit is adapted to continuously cycle the power to the heating element from an "on" state to an "oft" state for predetermined cycle periods. 10. The fragrance producing lighting device of claim 1, wherein said fragrance disc is at least partially composed of ethylene vinyl acetate (EVA). 11. The fragrance producing lighting device of claim 1, wherein said plurality of venting holes are formed in an annular region of said disk, said holes being in substantially cylindrical shape. 12. The fragrance producing lighting device of claim 1, further comprising a post mounted on a top side of said base unit, said one or more light sources mounted on an upper portion of said post. 13. The fragrance producing lighting device of claim 12, wherein said fragrance disk has a portion thereof defining a central aperture through which said post is inserted upon mounting said fragrance disk to said heating element. 14. The fragrance producing lighting device of claim 13, wherein said central aperture of said fragrance disk is shaped so as to mate with a correspondingly shaped outer surface of said post. 15. The fragrance producing lighting device of claim 1, wherein said vaporizing agent is a substance selected from the group consisting of musk oil, civet, castreum, ambergris, plant perfumes, sandalwood oil, neroli oil, bergamot oil, lemon oil, lavender oil, sage oil, rosemary oil, peppermint oil, eucalyptus oil, menthol, camphor, verbena oil, citronella oil, cauout oil, salvia oil, clove oil, chamomile oil, costus oil, labdanum oil, broom extract, carrot seed extract, jasmine extract, minmosa extract, narcissus extract, olibanum extract, rose extract, acetophenonene, dimethylinadane derivatives, naphthaline derivatives, allyl caprate, alpha-amylcinnamic aldehyde, anethole, anisaldehyde, benzyl acetate, benzyl alcohol, benzyl propionate, borneol, cinnmayl acetate, cinnamyl alcohol, citral citronellal, cumin aldehyde, cyclamen aldehyde, decanol, ethyl butyrate, ethyl caprate, ethyl cinnamate, ethyl vanillin, eugenol, geraniol, exenol, alpha-hexylcinnamic aldehyde, hydroxycitrolnellal, indole, iso-amyl acetate, iso amyl isovaleratek iso-eugenol, linalol, linalyl acetate, p-methylacetophenone, methyl anthranilate, methyl dihydroasmonate, methyl eugenol, methyl-beta-naphthol ketone, methylphenhlcarbinyl acetate, musk ketol, mustk xylol, 2,5,6nanodinol, gannna-nanolactone, phenylacetoaldehydodimethyl acetate, beta-phenylethyl alcohol, 3,3,5trimethylcyclohexanol, gamma-undecalactone, undecenal, and vanillin. 16. A lighting device comprising: (a) an electric power and control circuit mounted to a body and one or more electric light sources, said electric power and control circuit including a solar cell connected to, and adapted to charge, one or more rechargeable batteries; (b) an electric heating element mounted onto a base unit that is in turn connected to said body, said heating element electrically connected to said electric power and control circuit, said one or more rechargeable batteries adapted to supply power to said heating element; (c) a replaceable disk composed of a polymeric material impregnated with a vaporizing agent: said fragrance disk having a plurality of venting holes formed therein; said fragrance disk adapted for removably mounting on said heating element; wherein at least some of said vaporizing agents are released into the air surrounding said device upon heating of said disk by said heating element and wherein said disk remains in a substantially solid state when heated. 17. The lighting device of claim 16, further comprising a lens forming a cavity through which said one or more electric light sources illuminate light when supplied power from said rechargeable batteries. 18. The lighting device of claim 17, wherein each of said one or more electric light sources is a light emitting diode (LED). 19. The lighting device of claim 16, wherein said vaporizing agent is an insecticide selected from the group consisting of citronella, pyrethrum, methyl bromide, aluminum phosphide, and magnesium phosphide. 20. The lighting device of claim 16, further comprising a slot formed on said base unit, said slot positioned above said heating element and formed to receive said disk. 21. The lighting device of claim 20, further comprising a user-operated ejection button mounted onto said base unit, said ejection button being depressible by the user to apply force to said disk to eject said disk from said slot. 22. A lighting device comprising: (a) an electric power and control circuit mounted to a device body and one or more electric light sources; (b) a replaceable disk composed of a polymeric material impregnated with a vaporizing agent; said fragrance disk having a plurality of venting holes formed therein and being mounted within said body; (c) a fan mounted adjacent to said disk, said fan having a plurality of fan blades and a motor for rotation of said fan blades, said fan being electrically connected to said electric power and control circuit; wherein when said fan blades are caused to rotate by said motor, air is forced through said venting holes formed in said disk, causing at least some of said vaporizing agents to be dispersed into the air surrounding said device. 23. The lighting device of claim 22, further comprising one or more batteries connected to said electric power and control circuit and supplying power thereto. 24. The lighting device of claim 23, wherein said electric power and control circuit includes a timer control circuit connected to said fan motor, wherein said timer control circuit is adapted for controlling the time period during which said fan motor operates. 25. The fragrance producing lighting device of claim 24, wherein said timer control circuit is adapted to continuously cycle the power to the fan motor from an "on" state to an "off" state for predetermined cycle periods. 