A solar cell device includes a solar cell. The solar cell includes a first light-capturing element configured to receive photonic energy. The solar cell device also includes a device interface for communicatively coupling an electrically chargeable device with the solar cell to receive electrical energy converted by the solar cell from the photonic energy. The solar cell device also includes a second light-capturing element for receiving and providing photonic energy as a supplemental source of energy to the solar cell.
Claims 1. A solar cell device, comprising: a solar cell comprising a first light-capturing element configured to receive photonic energy; a device interface configured to communicatively couple an electrically chargeable device with the solar cell to receive electrical energy converted by the solar cell from the photonic energy; and a second light-capturing element configured to receive and provide photonic energy as a supplemental source of energy to the solar cell. 2. The solar cell device of claim 1, wherein the second light-capturing element is configured to provide the photonic energy as a supplemental source of energy to the solar cell when a primary source of energy for the solar cell is disrupted, and the solar cell converts the supplemental source of energy to electrical energy. 3. The solar cell device of claim 1, wherein the second light-capturing element is further configured to provide the photonic energy as a supplemental source of energy to the solar cell when a condition is met. 4. The solar cell device of claim 3, further comprising a controller configured to monitor an electrical current of the solar cell, wherein the condition is met when an amount of the electrical current matches a value set by the condition. 5. The solar cell device of claim 1, wherein the second light-capturing element includes a chemical luminescent substance. 6. The solar cell device of claim 5, wherein the chemical luminescent substance is at least one of a(n): alkaline earth metal aluminate; coated alkaline earth aluminate; alkaline earth silicate; and zinc sulfide. 7. The solar cell device of claim 5, wherein the second light-capturing element further includes a substrate and the chemical luminescent substance is applied to a portion of the substrate; wherein the portion of the substrate having the chemical luminescent substance is disposed facing the light-capturing element of the solar cell. 8. The solar cell device of claim 5, wherein the second light-capturing element further includes a transparent substrate disposed on the solar cell and the chemical luminescent substance is disposed on the transparent substrate. 9. The solar cell device of claim 5, wherein the chemical luminescent substance is sprayed directly on the solar cell. 10. A method for implementing a solar cell device, comprising: communicatively coupling an electrically chargeable device to a solar cell, the electrically chargeable device configured to receive electrical energy converted by the solar cell from photonic energy captured by a first light-capturing element of the solar cell; receiving photonic energy via a second light-capturing element; providing the photonic energy received via the second light-capturing element to the solar cell as a supplemental source of energy; and converting, via the solar cell, the supplemental source of energy to electrical energy. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein the second light-capturing element is configured to provide the photonic energy as a supplemental source of energy to the solar cell when a primary source of energy for the solar cell is disrupted, and the solar cell converts the supplemental source of energy to electrical energy. 12. The method of claim 10, wherein the second light-capturing element further implements: supplying the photonic energy as a supplemental source of energy to the solar cell when a condition is met. 13. The method of claim 12, further comprising: monitoring an electrical current of the solar cell, wherein the condition is met when an amount of the electrical current matches a value set by the condition. 14. The method of claim 10, wherein the second light-capturing element includes a chemical luminescent substance. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the chemical luminescent substance is at least one of a(n): alkaline earth metal aluminate; coated alkaline earth aluminate; alkaline earth silicate; and zinc sulfide. 16. The method of claim 14, wherein the second light-capturing element further includes a substrate, the method further comprising: applying the chemical luminescent substance to a portion of the substrate; disposing the portion of the substrate having the chemical luminescent substance to face the light-capturing element of the solar cell. 17. The method of claim 14, wherein the second light-capturing element further includes a transparent substrate, the method further comprising: disposing the transparent substrate on the solar cell; and disposing the chemical luminescent substance on the transparent substrate. 18. The method of claim 14, wherein the chemical luminescent substance is sprayed directly on the solar cell. 