A carrying case for a tablet computer. The carrying case is foldable and provides protection for the tablet computer when closed. When open, the carrying case provides a stable support for operating the tablet computer. A keyboard, which can be removable, is also provided as part of the carrying case. Optional features including solar charging, stereo speakers, camera and removable data storage can also be incorporated into the carrying case.
Claims 1. A carrying case for a tablet computer comprising: a base member including a keyboard; a frame member having provision for mounting said tablet computer pivotally coupled to said base member; an electrical communication means between said tablet computer and said keyboard; a rear support member having a major flat surface pivotally coupled to said frame member, and; a pivotal motion limiting means that limits said pivotal motion of said rear support member relative to said frame member. 2. The carrying case of claim 1 wherein said pivotal motion limiting means includes: a link member having both a pivot axis and a linear motion axis, said link member being pivotally connected to said frame member about said pivot axis, and; a linear motion guide means that constrains the motion of said linear motion axis to a plane parallel to said major flat surface of said rear support member. 3. The carrying case of claim 1 wherein said electrical communications means includes: an electrical connector attached to said frame member; said electrical connector inserting into said tablet computer when said tablet computer is mounted into said frame member, and; electrical wiring that connects said electrical connector to said keyboard. 4. The carrying case of claim 3 wherein said electrical connector is pivotally mounted to said frame member. 5. The carrying case of claim 1 wherein: said base includes a trackpad as well as said keyboard, and; said trackpad is in electrical communication with said tablet computer when said tablet computer is mounted into said frame member. 6. The carrying case of claim 5 wherein said electrical communications means includes: an electrical connector attached to said frame member, where said electrical connector inserts into said tablet computer when said tablet computer is mounted into said frame member; electrical wiring that connects said electrical connector to said keyboard, and; trackpad electrical wiring that connects said electrical connector to said trackpad. 7. The carrying case of claim 6 wherein said electrical connector is pivotally mounted to said frame member. 8. The carrying case of claim 1 wherein said electrical communications means includes a bidirectional radio circuit attached to said keyboard. 9. The carrying case of claim 8 further comprising a removable keyboard housing wherein said keyboard and said bidirectional radio circuit are housed together and can be removed from said base member. 10. The carrying case of claim 1 further comprising: a solar panel mounted to said rear support member; an electrical connector attached to said frame member, where said electrical connector inserts into said tablet computer when said tablet computer is mounted into said frame member, and; solar panel electrical wiring that connects said electrical connector to said solar panel. 11. The carrying case of claim 10 additionally comprising a battery connected to said solar panel. 12. The carrying case of claim 1 wherein said frame member includes a tablet computer retaining means. 13. The carrying case of claim 12 wherein said tablet computer retaining means includes at least one spring. 14. The carrying case of claim 1, further comprising: a latching means that maintains said carrying case in a closed configuration until manually acted on to release said latching means. 15. The carrying case of claim 14 wherein said latching means includes at least one magnet. 16. The carrying case of claim 1, further comprising a flash drive, removably attached to said carrying case, said flash drive in electrical communication with tablet computer when said tablet computer is mounted to said frame member and said flash drive is mounted to said tablet computer. 17. The carrying case of claim 1, further comprising at least one digital camera, attached to said carrying case, said camera in electrical communication with tablet computer when said tablet computer is mounted to said frame member. 18. The carrying case of claim 1, further comprising at least one speaker, attached to said carrying case, said speaker in electrical communication with tablet computer when said tablet computer is mounted to said frame member. 19. The carrying case of claim 1, further comprising at least one microphone, attached to said carrying case, said microphone in electrical communication with tablet computer when said tablet computer is mounted to said frame member. 20. The carrying case of claim 1, further comprising a charging port, attached to said carrying case, said charging port in electrical communication with tablet computer when said tablet computer is mounted to said frame member. 21. The carrying case of claim 20, further comprising a battery, wherein said charging port is in electrical communication with said battery. 22. The carrying case of claim 1, further comprising a external data port, attached to said carrying case, said data port in electrical communication with tablet computer when said tablet computer is mounted to said frame member. 23. The carrying case of claim 1, further comprising at least one manually operated electrical switch, attached to said carrying case, said switch in electrical communication with tablet computer when said tablet computer is mounted to said frame member. 24. The carrying case of claim 1, further comprising a position sensor, attached to said carrying case, said position sensor in electrical communication with tablet computer when said tablet computer is mounted to said frame member, where position sensor indicates to said tablet computer whether said case is in the open or the closed configuration. 25. The carrying case of claim 24 wherein said position sensor includes at least one magnet. 26. The carrying case of claim 1, further comprising a charge condition indicator, attached to said carrying case, said indicator in electrical communication with tablet computer when said tablet computer is mounted to said frame member. 