A printable photovoltaic electrochromic device is provided. The device includes a transparent substrate, at least one thin-film solar cell on the transparent substrate, at least one single polarity electrochromic (EC) thin film, wherein the single polarity electrochromic thin film includes a single polarity electrochromic material and a polyelectrolyte. The thin-film solar cell at least includes an anode layer, a cathode layer, and a photoelectric conversion layer between the anode layer and cathode layer, wherein a portion of the anode layer or a portion of the cathode layer is exposed from the thin-film solar cell. The single polarity electrochromic thin film covers and contacts with both the cathode layer and the anode layer.
Claims 1. A printable photovoltaic electrochromic device, at least comprising: a transparent substrate; at least one thin-film solar cell, disposed on the transparent substrate, wherein the thin-film solar cell at least comprises an anode layer, a cathode layer, and a photoelectric conversion layer between the anode layer and the cathode layer, and a portion of the anode layer or a portion of the cathode layer is exposed from the thin-film solar cell; and at least one single polarity electrochromic thin film, covering and contacting with both the cathode layer and the anode layer, wherein the single polarity electrochromic thin film comprises a single polarity electrochromic material and a polyelectrolyte. 2. The printable photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the printable photovoltaic electrochromic device comprises superstrate photovoltaic electrochromic device or substrate photovoltaic electrochromic device. 3. The printable photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the single polarity electrochromic material comprises an anodic electrochromic material or a cathodic electrochromic material. 4. The printable photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the single polarity electrochromic material comprises a nano structured electrochromic material. 5. The printable photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 4, wherein the nano structured electrochromic material comprises a nano structured metal oxide, a nano structured metal complex, or a nano structured conducting polymer. 6. The printable photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 5, wherein the nano structured electrochromic material comprises nanoparticles, nanorods, nanowires, nanospheres, or nanotubes. 7. The printable photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 5, wherein the nano structured metal oxide comprises WO.sub.3, V.sub.2O.sub.5, NiO.sub.x or CuO.sub.x. 8. The printable photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 5, wherein the nano structured metal complex comprises a prussian blue analog or InHCF. 9. The printable photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 5, wherein the nano structured conducting polymer comprises polyaniline nanospheres, polypyrrole nanospheres, or PEDOT nanospheres. 10. The printable photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the polyelectrolyte comprises a polyanionic electrolyte or a polycationic electrolyte. 11. The printable photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 10, wherein the polyanionic electrolyte comprises sodium poly(styrene sulfonate), sodium poly(acrylic acid), polyacrylic acid, polymaleic acid, or poly(perfluoro-sulfonic acid. 12. The printable photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 10, wherein the polycationic electrolyte is, for example, polydiallyl dimethylammonium chloride, polyallylamine hydrochloride, poly-L-lysine, or polyethyleneimine. 13. The printable photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the at least one thin-film solar cell comprises a plurality of thin-film solar cells. 14. The printable photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 13, wherein the thin-film solar cells are connected in series. 15. The printable photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, further comprising an encapsulating material, covering the thin-film solar cell and the single polarity electro chromic material. 16. The printable photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 15, further comprising a transparent non-conductive substrate, covering the encapsulating material. 17. The printable photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the transparent substrate comprises a flexible substrate. 18. The printable photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a DC/AC inverter, so as to convert a current provided by the thin-film solar cell to commercial power. 19. The printable photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a DC charge storage device, so as to store a current generated by the thin-film solar cell. 20. The printable photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a thin film transistor, individually connected to two terminals of the anode layer and the cathode layer of the thin-film solar cell, so as to individually control an on or off state of the thin-film solar cell and an external circuit. 