A flexible line assembly is formed, in particular, as a strap or a leash of an animal guide device, a strap of a purse or a strap of an item of clothing. The line carries an electric consumer that is connectible to a voltage source which, in turn, is fastenable to the line. The line further carries a flashlight holder for releasably holding a flashlight with an integrated voltage source. The flashlight holder has electric contacts which are couplable to the voltage source of the flashlight, and the contacts are connected to the electric consumer.
Claims 1. A flexible line assembly, comprising: a flexible line; at least one electric consumer disposed on or integrated in said flexible line; a flashlight holder for releasably mounting a flashlight to said line, said flashlight holder carrying electrical contacts connected to said at least one electric consumer; and a flashlight having an integrated voltage source, said flashlight and said flashlight holder being configured such that said at least one electric consumer is couplable to said voltage source of said flashlight when said flashlight is mounted to said flashlight holder. 2. The line assembly according to claim 1, wherein said electric consumer is a signal generator. 3. The line assembly according to claim 2, wherein said electric consumer is a luminant or an ultrasonic generator. 4. The line assembly according to claim 1, wherein said flexible line has at least one reflective region that reflects visible light. 5. The line assembly according to claim 1, wherein said electric contacts of said flashlight holder are connected to an energy storage device that is fastened on said line, and wherein said energy storage device is connected to said at least one electric consumer. 6. The line assembly according to claim 1, wherein said voltage source of said flashlight is connected to a solar module mounted on a surface of said flashlight. 7. The line assembly according to claim 1, wherein said flashlight holder has a receiving web to be slid into a groove formed in a housing of said flashlight. 8. The line assembly according to claim 7, which comprises a locking element disposed on an end face of said flashlight at which said groove terminates, said locking element being displaceable transversely with respect to a sliding-on direction of said flashlight holder and, in a closed position, fixing said receiving web in said groove. 9. The line assembly according to claim 1, wherein said electric consumer is a charging station. 10. The line assembly according to claim 1, configured as a strap or a leash of an animal guide device, a strap of a purse, or a strap of an item of clothing. 