Embodiments of the invention generally relate to methods of forming flexible substrates for use in photovoltaic modules. The methods include shaping a metal foil and adhering the metal foil to a flexible backsheet. An optional interlayer dielectric and anti-tarnish material may then be applied to the upper surface of the shaped metal foil disposed on the flexible backsheet. The metal foil may be shaped using die cutting, roller cutting, or laser cutting techniques. The die cutting, roller cutting, and laser cutting techniques simplify the flexible substrate formation processes by eliminating resist-printing and etching steps previously used to pattern metal foils. Additionally, the die cutting, roller cutting, and laser cutting techniques reduce the consumption of consumable materials previously used in the patterning of metal foils.
Claims 1. A substrate for interconnecting photovoltaic devices, comprising: a backsheet comprising a first polymeric layer that has a mounting surface; a patterned adhesive layer comprising a plurality of adhesive regions that are disposed on the mounting surface; a plurality of shaped metal foil elements that are disposed over the formed adhesive regions; an interlayer dielectric material disposed on at least a first portion of each of the plurality of shaped metal foil elements; and an anti-tarnish material disposed on a second portion of each of the plurality of shaped metal foil elements. 2. The substrate of claim 1, wherein each of the plurality of shaped metal foil elements comprise an aluminum foil layer having a front surface and a rear surface, and a copper layer disposed over the front surface, wherein the interlayer dielectric material is disposed on at least a portion of the copper layer. 3. The substrate of claim 1, wherein the interlayer dielectric material comprises acrylic or phenolic. 4. The substrate of claim 1, wherein the first polymeric layer comprises a material selected from a group consisting of polyethylene terephthalate (PET), polyvinyl fluoride (PVF), polyester, polyimides and polyethylene. 5. The substrate of claim 4, wherein the backsheet further comprises a second polymeric layer, and an adhesive layer disposed between the first polymeric layer and the second polymeric layer, and the second polymeric layer comprises a material selected from a group consisting of polyethylene terephthalate (PET), polyvinyl fluoride (PVF), polyester, polyimides and polyethylene. 6. The substrate of claim 1, wherein the patterned adhesive layer comprises a pressure sensitive adhesive. 7. The substrate of claim 6, wherein the patterned adhesive layer is applied to the mounting surface by a screen printing or ink jet printing process. 8. A substrate for interconnecting photovoltaic devices, comprising: a backsheet comprising a first polymeric layer that has a mounting surface; a patterned adhesive layer comprising a plurality of adhesive regions that are disposed on the mounting surface; a plurality of shaped metal foil elements that are disposed over the formed adhesive regions; an interlayer dielectric material disposed on at least a first portion of each of the plurality of shaped metal foil elements; and an anti-tarnish material disposed on a second portion of each of the plurality of shaped metal foil elements, wherein the second portion of each of the plurality of shaped metal foil elements are not covered by the interlayer dielectric material, and each of the plurality of shaped metal foil elements comprise an aluminum foil layer having a front surface and a rear surface and a copper layer disposed over the front surface. 9. The substrate of claim 8, wherein the interlayer dielectric material comprises acrylic or phenolic. 10. The substrate of claim 8, wherein the first polymeric layer comprises a material selected from a group consisting of polyethylene terephthalate (PET), polyvinyl fluoride (PVF), polyester, polyimides and polyethylene. 11. The substrate of claim 10, wherein the backsheet further comprises a second polymeric layer, and an adhesive layer disposed between the first polymeric layer and the second polymeric layer, and the second polymeric layer comprises a material selected from a group consisting of polyethylene terephthalate (PET), polyvinyl fluoride (PVF), polyester, polyimides and polyethylene. 12. The substrate of claim 8, wherein the patterned adhesive layer comprises a pressure sensitive adhesive. 13. The substrate of claim 12, wherein the patterned adhesive layer is applied to the mounting surface by a screen printing or ink jet printing process. 14. A method of forming a substrate for interconnecting photovoltaic devices, comprising: positioning a metal foil within a punch press; actuating the punch press to form a shaped metal foil; positioning a flexible backsheet adjacent to the shaped metal foil within the punch press; applying an adhesive to the flexible backsheet or the shaped metal foil; and applying pressure to the flexible backsheet, the shaped metal foil, and the adhesive to adhere the shaped metal foil to the flexible backsheet. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein applying the adhesive comprises screen printing the adhesive on the flexible backsheet. 16. The method of claim 14, wherein applying pressure comprises actuating the punch press to apply pressure to the flexible backsheet, the shaped metal foil, and the adhesive located therebetween. 17. The method of claim 14, further comprising applying a vacuum through openings disposed in the punch press to adhere the metal foil to the punch press. 18. The method of claim 14, wherein the flexible substrate comprises polyethelene terephthalate, and the metal foil comprise aluminum. 19. A method of forming a substrate for interconnecting photovoltaic devices, comprising: applying an adhesive to the upper surface of a flexible backsheet; positioning the flexible backsheet with the adhesive thereon adjacent to a metal foil; shaping the metal foil using a laser to form a shaped metal foil; disposing the shaped metal foil on the adhesive; bonding the shaped metal foil to the flexible backsheet; disposing an interlayer dielectric on the shaped metal foil, the interlayer dielectric having openings therethrough; and disposing an anti-tarnishing material on the shaped metal foil within the openings of the interlayer dielectric layer. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein positioning the adhesive adjacent to a metal foil comprises rolling the flexible backsheet between a feed roller and a take-up roller. 21. The method of claim 19, wherein the metal foil comprises aluminum having a copper coating thereon. 22. A method of forming a substrate for interconnecting photovoltaic devices, comprising: positioning a flexible backsheet and a metal foil between a support roller and rotary die; disposing an adhesive on the flexible backsheet; shaping the metal foil using the rotary die; adhering the shaped metal foil to the flexible backsheet while passing the flexible backsheet, the shaped metal foil, and the adhesive between the support roller and the rotary die; applying an interlayer dielectric to the shaped metal foil, the interlayer dielectric having openings therethrough; and applying an anti-tarnishing material to the shaped metal foil through the openings in the interlayer dielectric. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein the flexible backsheet comprises polyethelene terephthalate. 24. The method of claim 22, wherein the metal foil comprises aluminum and the anti-tarnish comprises copper. 25. The method of claim 22, wherein the metal foil comprises copper having a thickness within a range of about 10 microns to about 40 microns. 26. The method of claim 22, wherein the shaped metal foil has grooves and metal tabs bridging the grooves. 