A solar cell electronic device includes a cover glass fitted into a case opening of an exterior case via a glass packing, and a solar panel disposed on the back face of the cover glass with a predetermined distance from the cover glass. The case opening has a base portion on the inner periphery thereof for mounting an outer peripheral portion of the cover glass and for positioning the solar panel in a plane direction. The glass packing includes a packing main body interposed between the case opening and the cover glass, and a flange portion that extends from an end on the base portion side of the packing main body and that is interposed between the cover glass and the base portion. The base portion has a base opening through which at least a part of the flange portion is exposed.
Claims 1. A solar cell electronic device, comprising: an exterior case having a case opening; a packing attached to the case opening; a cover glass mounted on the exterior case so as to be fitted into the case opening via the packing, and to close the case opening; and a solar panel disposed on a back face of the cover glass over a large area in a planar central portion of the cover glass with a predetermined distance from the cover glass, the case opening having a base portion formed on the inner periphery thereof for mounting an outer peripheral portion of the cover glass, and for positioning the solar panel in a plane direction, the packing including: a main body portion interposed between the case opening and the cover glass; and a flange portion that extends from an end on the base portion side of the main body portion, and that is interposed between the cover glass and the base portion, the base portion having a base opening through which at least a part of the flange portion of the packing is exposed. 2. The solar cell electronic device according to claim 1, wherein the packing has a cut-away portion formed in a part of the packing by cutting the flange portion. 3. The solar cell electronic device according to claim 2, wherein the base opening is formed at a position corresponding to the cut-away portion. 4. The solar cell electronic device according to claim 1, wherein a raised portion is formed at a position corresponding to the base opening of the packing so as to face the base opening. 5. The solar cell electronic device according to claim 2, wherein a raised portion is formed at a position corresponding to the base opening of the packing so as to face the base opening. 6. The solar cell electronic device according to claim 3, wherein a raised portion is formed at a position corresponding to the base opening of the packing so as to face the base opening. 7. The solar cell electronic device according to claim 1, wherein the base opening is disposed in at least two locations apart from each other with respect to the center in a planar central portion of the cover glass. 8. The solar cell electronic device according to claim 2, wherein the base opening is disposed in at least two locations apart from each other with respect to the center in a planar central portion of the cover glass. 9. The solar cell electronic device according to claim 3, wherein the base opening is disposed in at least two locations apart from each other with respect to the center in a planar central portion of the cover glass. 10. The solar cell electronic device according to claim 4, wherein the base opening is disposed in at least two locations apart from each other with respect to the center in a planar central portion of the cover glass. 11. The solar cell electronic device according to claim 5, wherein the base opening is disposed in at least two locations apart from each other with respect to the center in a planar central portion of the cover glass. 12. The solar cell electronic device according to claim 6, wherein the base opening is disposed in at least two locations apart from each other with respect to the center in a planar central portion of the cover glass. 