The present invention relates to an instrument for marking and environmental monitoring in regatta courses having an inflatable float and a modular mast which is collapsible, The mast and float are transportable in compact package of reduced size. When deployed, the instrument is designed to simultaneously define the area of conducting the nautical trials, and transmit the conditions of the area in both meteorological and oceanographic terms. The system comprises an inflatable pneumatic float and a mast which serves to house the meteorological and oceanographic instrumentation, as well as a group of elements for communication, electromechanical components, and an anchorage system.
Claims 1. Instrument for marking a regatta course in a body of water and measuring environmental parameters, said instrument adapted to float at the surface of the body of water and comprising a collapsible mast comprising a plurality of hollow modules operable between a collapsed condition and a deployed condition, said mast, when deployed adapted to be disposed perpendicular to the surface, said instrument modules mounting a communications device with a transmitter of signals, a parameter-measuring device, and an inflatable and deflatable pneumatic-plastic float, said float, when deflated, being both collapsible to smaller dimensions, and transportable in compact carrier of reduced size, characterized in that when said mast is deployed perpendicular to the surface, said mast has the same thickness over all the deployed length thereof, and said pneumatic float is rigidly attached to the mast approximately in the center of the length thereof. 2. The instrument of claim 1 wherein said communications device comprises a radiofrequency transmitter. 3. The instrument of claim 1 wherein said communications device is operative to generate signals to communicate via satellite. 4. The instrument of claim 1, characterized in that said parameter measurement devices comprise meteorological and oceanographic instrumentation, and electromechanical components including a stand-alone power supply system. 5. The instrument of claim 4 wherein said communication devices include electromechanical components. 6. The instrument of claim 1, characterized in that it incorporates a mast support structure with a power supply system which is alternative and ecological in nature. 7. The instrument of claim 6 wherein the power supply comprises photovoltaic cells. 8. The instrument of claim 1, characterized in that said mast has upper and lower extremities, and at least one of said extremities has a support adapted to mount an easily mounted protective system for said instrumentation, said support and said protective system being adapted to permit said instrumentation to be usable during the transport thereof. 9. The instrument of claim 1, characterized in that it is adapted to mark an area of conducting nautical trials, said instrumentation and said communication device being operable to transmit the parameters measured by said parameter-measuring device in real time and in continuous mode, in both meteorological and oceanographic terms. 10. Instrument for marking a regatta course in a body of water and measuring environmental parameters, said instrument adapted to float at the surface of the body of water, said instrument comprising a collapsible mast comprising a plurality of modules operable between a collapsed condition and a deployed condition, said mast, when deployed adapted to be disposed perpendicular to the surface, said instrument modules having hollow interiors mounting a communications device with a transmitter of signals, and parameter-measuring devices, an inflatable and deflatable pneumatic-plastic float having an overall width and a given height mounted on the exterior of said instrument modules, said pneumatic float being is rigidly mounted on the mast approximately in the center of the length thereof, said float, when deflated and dismounted from said modules, is both collapsible to smaller height and transportable in compact carrier of reduced size, when said mast is deployed, said float supports said mast perpendicular to the surface, and said mast has the same thickness over all the deployed length thereof, and when said mast is collapsed, each of said modules has a length less than the overall width of said float. 11. The Instrument of claim 10 wherein all of said mast modules have the same uniform thickness, in combination with a carrier having an internal width greater than said overall width of the float and having an internal height greater than said smaller height of the collapsed float plus said uniform thickness of the mast modules. 