A solar powered fan kit is provided for installation in a roof and in the ridge of the roof. The solar powered fan kit includes a fan attached to a fan bracket. The fan bracket is configured to be suspended from a roof within a ridge vent of the roof. A solar panel is attached to the roof to supply power to the fan.
Claims 1. A solar powered ridge vent fan kit comprising: a fan; a fan bracket coupled to the fan and configured to fit within a ridge vent of a roof; and a solar panel configured to be fixed to the roof adjacent the ridge vent and spaced above the roof. 2. The solar powered roof vent fan kit of claim 1 comprising a top flashing configured to be fixed to the solar panel and having a lower surface configured to be mounted directly to the roof extending upward toward the ridge vent away from the solar panel. 3. The solar powered roof vent fan kit of claim 2 wherein the lower surface of the top flashing is configured to be concealed below a shingle of the roof. 4. The solar powered roof vent fan kit of claim 1 comprising a lower mount bracket configured to be fixed to the solar panel and having a lower surface configured to be mounted on the roof below the solar panel. 5. The solar powered roof vent fan kit of claim 4 wherein the lower surface of the top flashing is configured to be concealed below a shingle of the roof. 6. The solar powered roof vent fan kit of claim 1 comprising a wire harness configured to couple between the fan and the solar panel to supply the fan with electrical power from the solar panel when the fan is installed in the ridge vent and the solar panel is fixed to the roof. 7. A method comprising: positioning a fan within a ridge vent in a roof; fixing a first bracket to the roof adjacent the ridge vent; fixing a solar panel to the first bracket, the first bracket configured to hold the solar panel above the roof and spaced apart from the roof; and electrically coupling the solar panel to the fan to power the fan. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein positioning the fan in the ridge vent includes suspending the fan from the roof within the ridge vent by a strap coupled to the roof. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein the strap is flexible. 10. The method of claim 7 comprising concealing a portion of the first bracket beneath shingles of the roof. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein the first bracket extends away from the solar panel toward the ridge vent. 12. The method of claim 7 comprising: fixing a second bracket to the roof; and fixing the second bracket to the solar panel to hold the solar panel above the roof and spaced apart from the roof. 13. The method of claim 12 comprising positioning the second bracket below the solar pane. 14. The method of claim 13 comprising position the second bracket below a shingle of the roof. 15. A ridge vent fan kit comprising: a fan bracket; a fan mounted to the fan bracket; and a strap configured to suspend the fan bracket in a ridge vent of a roof. 16. The ridge vent fan kit of claim 15 comprising a plurality of fans mounted to the fan bracket. 17. The ridge vent fan kit of claim 15 comprising a solar panel configured to be fixed to the roof adjacent the ridge vent and to supply power to the fan. 18. The ridge vent fan kit of claim 17 comprising a solar panel mounting bracket configured to fix the solar panel to roof with a space between the roof and the solar panel. 