A structure is provided for protecting a Radio Frequency Remote Head (RRH). The structure includes a solar head and a solar body. An upper side of the solar head is sloped to prevent an inflow of rainwater and has at least one solar panel, and a lower side thereof has at least one round cable hole surrounded by a rubber material. The solar body is situated on a lower end of the solar head and includes a plurality of solar panels, a side of each of which is sloped to prevent an inflow of rainwater and is openable upward. An upper end of the solar body has an air outlet formed to exhaust air, and a lower end thereof has an air inlet formed to receive air. The air outlet and the air inlet each have a plurality of supports arranged at specific intervals and connected by a protection net.
Claims 1. A structure for protecting a Radio Frequency Remote Head (RRH) in a mobile communication system, the structure comprising: a solar head including an upper side sloped to prevent an inflow of rainwater and having at least one solar panel, and a lower side having at least one round cable hole surrounded by a rubber material; and a solar body situated on a lower end of the solar head and including a plurality of solar panels, a side of each of which is sloped to prevent an inflow of rainwater and is openable upward, wherein an upper end of the solar body has an air outlet formed to exhaust the air, a lower end thereof has an air inlet formed to receive the air, wherein each of the air outlet and the air inlet has a plurality of supports arranged at specific intervals and connected by a protection net. 2. The structure of claim 1, further comprising a wind cap mountable on a pole for receiving the heated air nearest the RRH and for exhausting the air via an inner space of the sealed pole, wherein the RRH protection structure is mountable on the pole. 3. The structure of claim 1, wherein the solar head comprises: at least one battery cell for storing electric energy provided from the plurality of solar panels; and a fan controller for adjusting a Revolutions Per Minute (RPM) of a plurality of fans in the solar body. 4. The structure of claim 1, wherein each of the solar head and the solar body has a shape of a truncated circular cone with a flat top. 5. The structure of claim 1, wherein the solar body comprises a plurality of fans on the upper end thereof to circulate the internal air. 6. The structure of claim 4, wherein the battery cell supplies power to the plurality of fans and supplies emergency backup power for the RRH during a power outage. 7. The structure of claim 1, wherein an outer surface of each of the plurality of solar panels blocks solar energy and converts the blocked solar energy into electric energy. 8. The structure of claim 1, wherein an inner surface of each of the plurality of solar panels comprises a heat insulator for blocking heat on each of the plurality of solar panels from being transferred to the solar head and the solar body. 9. The structure of claim 1, wherein the protection net on the lower end of the solar body is openable downward. 10. The structure of claim 1, wherein a Light-Emitting Diode (LED) device or a lighting device is mounted on the exterior of the structure. 11. The structure of claim 1, wherein the structure is mountable on a pole. 12. The structure of claim 11, wherein a central portion of the solar head comprises a cylindrical bore for mounting the solar head on the pole. 13. The structure of claim 11, wherein a central portion of the solar body comprises a cylindrical bore for mounting the solar body on the pole. 