A process for P-type boron doping of silicon wafers placed on a support in the chamber of a furnace of whose one end includes a wall in which element for introducing reactive gases and a carrier gas carrying a boron precursor in gaseous form are located, whereby the process includes the following stages: a) reacting in the chamber, the reactive gases with boron trichloride BCl.sub.3 that is diluted in the carrier gas at a pressure of between 1 kPa and 30 kPa, and a temperature of between 800.degree. C. and 1100.degree. C., to form a boron oxide B.sub.2O.sub.3 glass layer; and b) carrying out the diffusion of atomic boron in silicon under an N.sub.2+O.sub.2 atmosphere at a pressure of between 1 kPa and 30 kPa. A furnace designed for implementing the doping process, and the manufacturing of large boron-doped silicon slices, in particular for photovoltaic applications are also claimed.
Claims 1. Process for boron doping of silicon wafers (1) placed on a support (2) in the chamber (3) of a furnace of which one end comprises a wall (4) in which means for introducing reactive gases and a carrier gas carrying a boron precursor in gaseous form are located, characterized in that it comprises the stages that consist in: a)--In the chamber (3), reacting the reactive gases with boron trichloride BCl.sub.3 that is diluted in the carrier gas at a pressure of between 1 kPa and 30 kPa, and at a temperature of between 800.degree. C. and 1100.degree. C., for forming a boron oxide B.sub.2O.sub.3 glass layer, b)--Carrying out the diffusion of boron in silicon under an N.sub.2+O.sub.2 atmosphere at a pressure of between 1 kPa and 30 kPa. 2. Process according to claim 1, wherein in stage b), the pressure in the chamber (3) is between 15 kPa and 30 kPa. 3. Process according to claim 1, wherein during stages a) and b), the temperature in the zone of the chamber in the vicinity of the wafers (1), said treatment zone (5), is between 900.degree. C. and 1000.degree. C. 4. Process according to claim 1, wherein in stage a), the boron trichloride is provided in the chamber (3) at a rate of 20 cm/minute to 100 cm/minute, preferably representing approximately one-quarter of the flow rate of the injected oxygen. 5. Process according to claim 1, wherein the boron trichloride is diluted in the carrier gas to a concentration of between 3% and 95% by volume. 6. Process according to claim 1, wherein the total gaseous flow rate in the chamber (3) is less than 5 liters per minute. 7. Process according to claim 1, wherein the reactive gases and the gas carrying boron trichloride are introduced into a free zone (6) that is located in the section of the chamber (3) between said end wall (4) and the treatment zone (5) that accommodates the wafers (1), where the gases are mixed before wetting said wafers, with said free zone (6) occupying 10% to 20% of the total volume of the chamber (3). 8. Process according to claim 7, wherein during stage a), the temperature in the free zone (6) of the chamber is 5% to 15% less, preferably approximately 10% less, than the temperature of the treatment zone (5). 9. Process according to claim 1, wherein the gases that react with the precursor are oxygen and hydrogen, and the carrier gas is nitrogen or argon, with each of said gases being introduced into the chamber by a separate pipe (10, 11, 12). 10. Process according to claim 9, wherein hydrogen and the gas carrying boron trichloride are introduced into the chamber in the vicinity of the wall (4), and the oxygen is introduced into the free zone in the vicinity of the treatment zone (5). 11. Process according to claim 1, wherein in stage a), the gases are introduced into the chamber (3) in the following volumetric proportions: Carrier gas+precursor of boron: 55% to 80%, Hydrogen: 0.5% to 15%, Oxygen: 15% to 30%. 12. Process according to claim 1, wherein before stage a), the operating parameters of the reactive gases and the carrier gas--namely flow rates, pressure, fluxes, and temperatures--are stabilized for several tens of seconds. 13. Furnace for boron doping of silicon wafers (1) placed on a support (2), comprising a chamber (3) of which one end comprises a wall (4) in which means for introducing reactive gases and a gas carrying a boron precursor in gaseous form are located, wherein said chamber comprises a zone for receiving (8) said support of wafers, said treatment zone, and a free zone (6) located between said end wall (4) and said zone (8) for receiving said support of wafers, whereby said free zone (6) occupies from 10% to 20% of the total volume of the chamber. 14. Furnace according to claim 13, wherein it is equipped with means for heating the chamber (3), composed of several independent elements (9a-9e) that make possible the creation of an adaptable and controllable longitudinal thermal profile, with at least one of these elements being dedicated to the specific heating of said free zone (6). 15. Furnace according to claim 13, wherein it comprises: Two separate pipes (10, 11) for introducing a first reactive gas and a carrier gas that contains the boron precursor, emptying into the chamber (3) in the vicinity of the end wall (4), A pipe (12) for introducing a second reactive gas, preferably oxygen, emptying in the vicinity of the treatment zone (5), and A gas extraction pipe (15) of which the opening opens opposite the end wall (4), with said pipe being connected to a suction unit (16) equipped with a system for regulating and monitoring the pressure that prevails in the chamber. 16. Application of the process according to claim 1 to the creation of P-type junctions on silicon slices with a surface area that ranges from 50 cm.sup.2 to 700 cm.sup.2. 17. Application of the process according to claim 1 for the production of boron-doped silicon slices, with a thickness of between 100 .mu.m and 150 .mu.m. 18. Application of the process according to claim 1 for the creation of P-type junctions on lots of one hundred or several hundred hundred silicon slices placed on their support at an interval of less than or equal to 5 mm. 19. Application according to claim 16 for the production of boron-doped silicon slices designed for the manufacturing of photovoltaic cells from metallurgical-grade silicon N. 