An improved method is provided, for pumping fluids, such as water and/or hydrocarbons, from a subterranean formation or reservoir, through use of a cranked rod pumping (CRP) apparatus for imparting reciprocating substantially vertical motion to a rod of a sucker-rod pump having a pump stroke. The CRP apparatus includes a motor driven cranked mechanical actuator arrangement. The cranked mechanical actuator arrangement includes a substantially vertically moveable member attached to the rod of the sucker-rod pump for imparting and controlling vertical motion of the rod of the sucker-rod pump. The actuator arrangement may include pneumatic counterbalancing.
Claims 1. A method for extending the operating life of a hydrocarbon well having a walking beam apparatus operatively connected thereto for imparting reciprocating substantially vertical motion to a rod of a sucker-rod pump having a pump stroke disposed in the well, the method comprising: disconnecting the rod from the walking beam apparatus, and operatively connecting the rod to a CRP apparatus. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising, operating the CRP apparatus at a lower production rate than the production rate of the walking beam pump prior to its replacement by the CRP apparatus. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising, mounting the CRP apparatus directly on a wellhead of the well. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising, leaving the walking beam apparatus in place adjacent the well. 5. A method for pumping fluid from a source of fluid located in a remote location, the method comprising: providing a CRP apparatus, and operatively attaching the CRP apparatus to the source of fluid. 6. The method of claim 5, further comprising, attaching the CRP apparatus to a stand-alone source of power. 7. The method of claim 6, the stand-alone source of power comprises a solar energy power source. 8. The method of claim 5, further comprising, providing the source of fluid at the remote location. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein the source of fluid at the remote location comprises a fluid well, and the method further comprises providing the fluid well. 10. A method for starting a CRP apparatus having a motor coupled to a crank in a fully lowered, stationary position through a full rotation, the method comprising: rotating the motor of the CRP apparatus in a first direction; rotating the motor in a second direction if the motor rotational speed in the first direction slows below a threshold speed; and rotating the motor, sequentially, in the first and second direction until the motor can rotate the crank through a full rotation cycle, thereafter continue rotating the crank in a single rotational direction. 