A converter unit configured to couple to a photovoltaic panel (PV) may include a controller to sense an input voltage and input current obtained from the photovoltaic panel, and manage the output voltage of a corresponding power converter coupled to a DC bus to regulate the resultant bus voltage to a point that reduces overall system losses, and removes non-idealities when the panels are series connected. The controller may also perform input voltage management and regulation, including maximum power point tracking (MPPT) for the PV. The controller may probe the bus voltage using a probe waveform generated according to a pseudo-random bit sequence (PRBS), to provide a probe signal that is distinct from the control steps performed by the controller. A PV array may feature a respective converter unit coupled to each PV, with each respective controller using a different and unique seed for generating its PRBS.
Claims 1. A control module for controlling a power converter configured to couple to a solar panel to provide an output voltage and an output current to a bus, the control module comprising: a plurality of input ports, each given input port of the plurality of input ports configured to receive a different one of a plurality of parameters comprising: a first parameter indicative of an input current of the power converter provided by the solar panel; a second parameter indicative of an input voltage of the power converter provided by the solar panel; a third parameter indicative of an output voltage of the power converter; and a fourth parameter indicative of an output current of the power converter; and a controller configured to implement a maximum power point tracking (MPPT) algorithm to regulate the input voltage and the input current of the power converter according to the first, second, third, and fourth parameters; wherein in implementing the MPPT algorithm, the controller is configured to generate a probe waveform based on a pseudo-random bit sequence (PRBS) input, and use the probe waveform to probe an overall voltage on the bus. 2. The control module of claim 1, wherein the probe waveform is a seamless succession of a plurality of at least two distinct fundamental wave patterns. 3. The control module of claim 2; wherein a first fundamental wave pattern of the at least two distinct fundamental wave patterns represents one of binary input values `0` and `1`, and begins with a low value and ends with a high value; and wherein a second fundamental wave pattern of the at least two distinct fundamental wave patterns represents the other binary input value of the binary input values `0` and `1`, and begins with a high value and ends with a low value. 4. The control module of claim 3, wherein the first fundamental wave pattern represents the binary input value `0`, and the second fundamental wave pattern represents the binary input value `1`. 5. The control module of claim 1, wherein the controller is configured to generate the probe waveform as a Manchester-encoded waveform from the PRBS input. 6. The control module of claim 1, wherein the controller is configured to derive the PRBS from a unique identification code corresponding to the control module. 7. The control module of claim 1, wherein the controller is configured to generate the PRBS input from a unique seed different from similar seeds used by other similar control modules used for controlling other similar power converters coupled to other respective solar panels to provide a respective output voltage and a respective output current to the bus. 8. A control system for controlling a power converter configured to couple to a solar panel to provide an output voltage and output current to a voltage bus residing at an overall bus voltage, the control system comprising: a sensing circuit configured to sense input current and input voltage of the power converter derived from the solar panel, and further configured to sense the output voltage and the output current of the power converter; and a controller configured to regulate the input voltage of the power converter according to: the sensed input current of the power converter; the sensed input voltage of the power converter; the sensed output voltage of the power converter; the sensed output current of the power converter; and a target input voltage value; wherein the controller is configured to determine the target input voltage value by probing the overall bus voltage using a probe waveform derived from a pseudo-random bit sequence (PRBS). 9. The control system of claim 8, wherein the controller is configured to generate the probe waveform from two distinct fundamental wave patterns according to the PRBS. 10. The control system of claim 9; wherein a first fundamental wave pattern of the two distinct fundamental wave patterns represents one of binary input values `0` and `1`, and begins with a low value and ends with a high value; and wherein a second fundamental wave pattern of the two distinct fundamental wave patterns represents the other binary input value of the binary input values `0` and `1`, and begins with a high value and ends with a low value. 11. The control module of claim 10, wherein the first fundamental wave pattern represents the binary input value `0`, and the second fundamental wave pattern represents the binary input value `1`. 12. The control module of claim 8, wherein the controller is configured to derive the PRBS from a unique identification code corresponding to the control system and the power converter. 13. The control module of claim 8, wherein the controller is configured to generate the PRBS from a unique seed different from similar seeds used by other similar control systems used for controlling other similar power converters coupled to other respective solar panels to provide a respective output voltage and a respective output current to the voltage bus. 14. The control system of claim 8, wherein in probing the overall bus voltage, the controller is configured to perform the following for each bit of the PRBS: if the bit has a first bit value: during a first half of a probe cycle of the probe waveform, obtain a value of a first output power of the power converter at a first value of the input voltage representative of the target input voltage value augmented by an amplitude of the probe waveform; and during the second half of the probe cycle, obtain a value of a second output power of the power converter at a second value of the input voltage representative of the target input voltage value; and if the bit has a second bit value: during the first half of the probe cycle, obtain the value of the second output power at the second value of the input voltage; and during the second half of the probe cycle, obtain the value of the first output power at the first value of the input voltage. 15. The control system of claim 14, wherein the first bit value is `1`, and the second bit value is `0`. 16. The control system of claim 14, wherein the controller is further configured to adjust the target input voltage value according to the value of the first output power and the value of the second output power, and adjust the input voltage of the power converter according to the adjusted target input voltage value. 17. The control system of claim 14, wherein the controller is further configured to: increase the target input voltage value by a specified amount and adjust the input voltage of the power converter to the increased target input voltage value if the value of the first output power is greater than the value of the second output power; and decrease the target input voltage value by a specified amount and adjust the input voltage of the power converter to the decreased target input voltage value if the value of the second output power is greater than the value of the first output power. 18. A method for controlling a power converter coupled to a solar panel to provide an output voltage and an output current to a voltage bus, the method comprising: monitoring input voltage and input current of the power converter; monitoring the output voltage and the output current of the power converter; regulating the input voltage of the power converter according to a Maximum Power Point Tracking (MPPT) algorithm using parameters corresponding to: the monitored input voltage and monitored input current of the power converter; and the monitored output voltage and output current of the power converter; wherein said regulating the input voltage of the power converter according to an MPPT comprises: deriving and generating a probe waveform from a pseudo-random bit sequence (PRBS); and probing an overall bus voltage of the voltage bus using the probe waveform. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein said regulating the input voltage of the power converter according to an MPPT further comprises: generating the PRBS from a unique seed value corresponding to the power converter. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein said regulating the input voltage of the power converter according to an MPPT further comprises: generating the PRBS using a primitive-polynomial bit generator, wherein a periodicity of the PRBS is determined by a number of bits in a primitive polynomial of the primitive-polynomial bit generator. 21. The method of claim 18, wherein said probing the overall bus voltage comprises: for each bit of the PRBS: if the bit has a first bit value: during a first half of a probe cycle of the probe waveform, obtaining a value of a first output power of the power converter for a first value of the input voltage representative of a target value augmented by an amplitude of the probe waveform; and during the second half of the probe cycle, obtaining a value of a second output power of the power converter for a second value of the input voltage representative of the target value; and if the bit has a second bit value: during the first half of the probe cycle, obtaining the value of the second output power for the second value of the input voltage; and during the second half of the probe cycle, obtaining the value of the first output power for the first value of the input voltage. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein the first bit value is `1`, and the second bit value is `0`. 23. The method of claim 21, wherein said regulating the input voltage of the power converter according to an MPPT further comprises: adjusting the target value according to the value of the first output power and the value of the second output power; and adjusting the input voltage of the power converter according to the adjusted target value. 24. The method of claim 21, wherein said regulating the input voltage of the power converter according to an MPPT further comprises: increasing the target value by a specified amount and regulating the input voltage of the power converter to the increased target value if the value of the first output power is greater than the value of the second output power; and decreasing the target value by a specified amount and regulating the input voltage of the power converter to the decreased target value if the value of the second output power is greater than the value of the first output power. 25. A converter unit comprising: a power converter having an input configured to couple to a solar panel to obtain an input voltage and input current from the solar panel, and an output configured to couple to a voltage bus to provide a converter output voltage and a converter output current to the voltage bus; and a control unit comprising: one or more input ports, each given input port of the one or more input ports configured to receive one of a plurality of parameters comprising: a first parameter indicative of an input current of the power converter; a second parameter indicative of an input voltage of the power converter; a third parameter indicative of the converter output voltage; and a fourth parameter indicative of the converter output current; wherein the control unit is configured to regulate the input voltage of the power converter according to a Maximum Power Point Tracking (MPPT) algorithm that uses the first, second, third, and fourth parameters as input values, and uses a probe waveform generated according to a pseudo-random bit sequence (PRBS) to probe an overall voltage on the voltage bus. 26. The converter unit of claim 25, wherein the probe waveform is a Manchester-encoded waveform based on the PRBS. 27. The converter of claim 25, wherein control unit is configured to generate a DC-balanced probe waveform based on the PRBS. 28. The converter unit of claim 25, wherein the control unit further comprises: a pseudo-random sequence generator (PRSG) configured to generate the PRBS; an encoding unit configured to receive the PRBS and generate the probe waveform based on the received PRBS; and a modulating unit configured to generate a converter control signal according to at least the probe waveform, and provide the converter control signal to the power converter to regulate the input voltage of the power converter. 29. The converter unit of claim 28, wherein the control unit further comprises: an MPPT controller configured to generate a feedback control signal based on the first, second, third, and fourth parameters; wherein the modulating unit is configured to generate the converter control signal according to a combination of the feedback control signal and the probe waveform. 30. The converter unit of claim 28, wherein the modulating unit is configured to generate the probe waveform as a Manchester-encoded waveform. 31. The converter unit of claim 28, wherein the power converter is a switching power converter, and the converter control signal is a pulse-width-modulated signal. 32. A system for harnessing photonic energy to provide power to one or more loads, the system comprising: a plurality of solar power panels, wherein each given solar panel of the plurality of solar panels provides a respective output current and a respective output voltage; a DC voltage bus providing a DC bus voltage; a plurality of converter units coupled to the DC voltage bus, each converter unit of the plurality of converter units configured to provide a respective converter output voltage to the DC voltage bus, wherein each given solar panel is coupled to a corresponding converter unit of the plurality of converter units to provide its respective output current and its respective output voltage as inputs to its corresponding converter unit, wherein each corresponding converter unit comprises a switching power module that produces a respective converter output voltage and respective converter output current, and wherein each corresponding converter unit is configured to: regulate an input voltage of its switching power module according to an MPPT (maximum power point tracking) algorithm receiving parameters as inputs, and employ a probe waveform based on a respective pseudo-random bit sequence (PRBS) to probe the DC voltage bus, wherein the parameters correspond to one or more of: the input voltage and input current of the switching power module; and the respective converter output voltage, and the respective converter output current. 33. The system of claim 32, wherein the plurality of converter units are series connected to the DC voltage bus via their respective outputs. 34. The system of claim 32, wherein each corresponding converter unit is further configured to generate its respective PRBS based on a unique seed different from similar unique seeds of other ones of the plurality of converter units. 35. The system of claim 34, wherein each corresponding converter unit is further configured to derive its unique seed from identification information corresponding to the corresponding converter unit. 36. The system of claim 32, wherein each corresponding converter unit is further configured to generate its probe waveform as a Manchester-encoded waveform according to its respective PRBS. 