Disclosed is a method for integrating at least one optical element inside an insulated glazing unit comprising at least two glass panes, where the optical element has a plurality of perforations and a non-perforated area, where the non-perforated area prevents penetration of light in a building where the insulated glazing unit is mounted, and where the perforations have a depth/width ratio that allows for passage of light with given angles of incidence, while light having other angles of incidence are unable to pass though the perforations, which provides a shading effect, and wherein the optical element is arranged between the two glass panes by means of an adhesive, and where the adhesive is substantially not present in the 404 perforations of the optical element.
Claims 1. An insulated glazing unit with at least one optical element inside it, comprising at least two glass panes, where the optical element has a plurality of perforations and a non-perforated area, where the non-perforated area prevents penetration of light in a building where the insulated glazing unit is mounted, and where the perforations have a depth/width ratio that allows for passage of light with given angles of incidence, while light having other angles of incidence are unable to pass though the perforations, which provides a shading effect, and wherein the optical element is arranged between the two glass panes by means of an adhesive, and where the adhesive is substantially not present in the perforations of the optical element. 2. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the plurality of perforations constitutes transparent areas, and the non-perforated areas constitute non-transparent areas. 3. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the non-perforated areas reflect and absorb light. 4. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the optical element is made from a rigid material. 5. The insulated glazing unit of claim 4, wherein the rigid material is adapted to remain unbuckled, when the material is hung up in a horizontal or vertical position at a rim or strip of the material relative to the geometry of the material or strip or relative to the mounting point. 6. The insulated glazing unit of claim 4, wherein the rigid material is sufficiently rigid to hold itself substantially stiff, when the material is hung up in a vertical position at a rim of the material. 7. The insulated glazing unit of claim 4, wherein the rigid material has a Young's modulus larger than 2 GPa. 8. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the optical element is a metallic screen. 9. The insulated glazing unit of claim 8, wherein the metallic screen is made of a material selected from the group consisting of stainless steel, ferrous alloy, non-ferrous alloy, and aluminium based alloy. 10. The insulated glazing unit of claim 8, wherein the metallic screen is etched to produce the perforations. 11. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the optical element is a polymeric material. 12. The insulated glazing unit of claim 11, wherein the polymeric material is selected from the group consisting of (a) acrylic (PMMA); (b) stabilized polycarbonate (PC); (c) polyimid (PI); (d) polyetherimid (PEI); (e) glass filled compositions of any of (a)-(d); and (f) other fillings in any of (a)-(e). 13. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the optical element is not significantly altered in a time period of years, when exposed to UV-light or temperature changes. 14. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the adhesive is stable towards UV-light exposure. 15. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the adhesive is stable towards temperature changes. 16. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the adhesive maintains its adhesive properties in a time period of years. 17. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the adhesive is transparent. 18. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the adhesive and the optical element have substantially the same colour. 19. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the adhesive is subject to a substantially small extent of outgassing. 20. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the adhesive does substantially not cause fogging in the insulating glazing unit. 21. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the adhesive is selected from the group consisting of tape, glue, resin, polymeric material, epoxy, acrylic, UV curable acrylic, and cyanoacrylate. 22. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the adhesive is a double-sided adhesive tape. 23. The insulated glazing unit of claim 22, wherein the adhesive tape has a core of foam which is compressible. 24. The insulated glazing unit of claim 22, wherein the adhesive tape comprises a 3 mm wide, double-sided acrylic material. 25. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the adhesive is a screen printed UV curable adhesive. 26. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the optical element is adapted to be cut in size to correspond to at least one dimensions of at least one of the glass panes of the insulated glazing unit. 27. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the optical element is adapted to cover at least a part of the glass pane area. 28. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the optical element is adapted to be attached anywhere on the glass pane area. 29. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein two or more optical elements are adapted to be mounted on a glass pane with a gap between them. 30. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein two or more optical elements are adapted to be mounted on a glass pane so that they are abutting. 31. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein two or more optical elements are adapted to be mounted on a glass pane so that they are overlapping. 32. The insulated glazing unit of claim 31, wherein the two or more optical elements each have an adhesive along a first rim of the optical element, and where a first one of the two or more optical elements is attached at the first rim to a glass pane, and where a second one of the two or more optical elements is attached at the first rim partly to a second rim of the first one of the optical elements and partly to the glass pane so that the second rim of the first optical element is fixed on the glass pane by means of the first rim of the second one of the optical elements. 33. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the optical element is adapted to be attached to the glass pane by: applying adhesive on the glass pane to cover at least a part of the glass pane; attaching the optical element to the adhesive on the glass pane; and removing any adhesive inside the perforations after the adhesive has hardened. 34. The insulated glazing unit of claim 33, wherein any adhesive present in the perforations is removed by UV radiation exposure and subsequent decomposition of the UV radiated adhesive by means of a decomposition agent. 35. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the optical element is adapted to be attached to the glass pane at one point. 36. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the optical element is adapted to be attached to the glass pane at one rim. 37. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the optical element is adhered to the glass pane by applying adhesive on at least a part of the non-perforated area of the optical element. 38. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the adhesive is a tape having perforations corresponding to the perforations in the optical element. 39. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the adhesive is a thin layer of glue applied on the non-perforated area of the optical element. 40. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein a first one of the at least two glass panes of the insulated glazing unit is an outermost glass facing outdoors, and a second one of the at least two glass panes is an innermost glass facing indoors. 41. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the optical element is attached to an inner surface of the first one of the at least two glass panes. 42. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein a third glass pane is arranged between the first and the second glass pane. 43. The insulated glazing unit of claim 42, wherein the optical element is attached to a surface of the third glass pane pointing towards the first glass pane. 44. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the adhesive is hidden from view by one or more screen printed patterns. 45. The insulating glazing unit of claim 44, wherein one of the one or more screen printed patterns is arranged on the first one of the glass panes. 46. The insulated glazing unit of claim 44, wherein one of the one or more screen printed patterns is arranged on an inner face of the third glass pane. 47. The insulated glazing unit of claim 44, wherein one or more of the screen printed patterns is a grid. 48. The insulated glazing unit of claim 44, wherein one or more of the screen printed patterns comprises a glass enamel which is fused onto the glass pane. 49. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the adhesive is hidden from view by being applied to a non-perforated area on the optical element. 50. The insulated glazing unit of claim 1, wherein the optical element is adapted to be integrated with a solar cell material in the insulating glazing unit. 51. The insulated glazing unit of claim 50, wherein the non-perforated area of the optical element is adapted to be covered with the solar cell material. 52. The insulated glazing unit of claim 50, wherein the solar cell material is an amorphous silicon thin film, a micro crystalline thin film, or a combination hereof. 53. The insulated glazing unit of claim 50, wherein an electrical connection to the solar cell material is provided by means of an electrically conductive adhesive. 54. The insulated glazing unit of claim 53, wherein the electrically conductive adhesive is adapted to be applied between one or more electrodes on a face of the optical element and a screen printed pattern on the glass pane. 55. The insulated glazing unit of claim 53, wherein the adhesive is made conductive by applying an electrically conductive material to the adhesive. 56. The insulated glazing unit of claim 53, wherein the electrically conductive material is selected from the group consisting of silver particles and plastic particles covered with a metallic layer. 57. (canceled) 