The present invention describes a solar powered garden lamp (100,100a,100b). The lamp (100,100a,100b) includes a lamp assembly, a solar panel (192), a rechargeable battery (150), a sunlight-hour switch (154), an LED (146a,146b) and a control circuit (140). In use, a user estimates the number of hours of sunlight incident on the solar panel (192) and the sunlight-hour switch (154) is calibrated by applying a weather variability factor on a battery charger (142) capacity that is connected to the solar panel. The solar panel (192) converts solar energy into electric power to recharge the battery (150) during the day so that the battery (150) has sufficient power to light up the LED (146a or 146b) at a predetermined brightness continuously from dusk to dawn.
Claims 1. A solar powered lamp comprising: a solar panel; a light sensor integrally built-in with the solar panel with predetermined dusk to dawn settings; a control circuit comprising a battery charger, a brightness adjust circuit and an ON/OFF circuit; a sunlight-hour switch connected to the brightness adjust circuit and ON/OFF circuit; an LED bulb; and a rechargeable battery connected between the battery charger and the LED bulb; wherein the sunlight-hour switch is calibrated according to the number of hours of sunlight incident on the solar panel and the brightness adjust circuit is set so that the LED bulb is illuminated at a predetermined brightness continuously from dusk to dawn. 2. A solar powered lamp according to claim 1, wherein calibration of the sunlight-hour switch comprises a weather variability compensation factor being applied to a capacity of the battery charger. 3. A solar powered lamp according to claim 1, wherein the control circuit further comprises an under-voltage protection circuit disposed between the battery charger and the brightness adjust circuit. 4. A solar powered light assembly according to claim 1, wherein the sunlight-hour switch is a slider, dial/rotary or membrane type. 5. A solar powered lamp according to claim 4, wherein the sunlight-hour switch has discrete steps or is a continuously variable slide, and the sunlight-hour switch is calibrated with a graduated scale or bar indicator. 6. A solar powered lamp according to claim 1, further comprising a lampshade and a cap assembly mounted on top of the lampshade. 7. A solar powered lamp according to claim 6, wherein the solar panel is mounted at an angle, alpha, on top of the cap assembly. 8. A solar powered lamp according to claim 6, further comprising a post and a spike, with the post being connected to a lower part of the lampshade. 9. A solar powered lamp according to claim 6, further comprising a post and a wall mounting adaptor, with the post being connected to a lower part of the lampshade. 10. A solar powered lamp according to claim 8 or 9, wherein the post comprises two sections, which are relatively rotatable. 11. A solar powered lamp according to claim 8, wherein the spike comprises: a flange disposed at an upper end opposite the spike's pointed end, wherein the flange has a plurality of holes, with each hole being dimensioned to receive a skewer; and a plurality of ribs, with the ribs aligned parallel to a longitudinal axis of the spike and each rib has a notch. 12. A solar powered lamp according to claim 8, wherein a base of the lampshade comprises a spigot and the spigot has a circumferential groove that cooperates with a screw disposed through a thickness of the post to allow the solar panel to be rotatably oriented towards the sun rays when the post is fixed to a ground. 13. A solar powered lighting kit comprising: a lamp comprising a lampshade and a cap assembly disposed on top of the lampshade; a solar panel with an integral light sensor operable to mount on top of the cap assembly; an LED bulb; a control board comprising a battery charger and an LED controller, with the LED controller comprising a brightness adjust circuit and an ON/OFF circuit; and a sunlight-hour switch calibrated in hours according to number of hours of sunlight incident on the solar panel at the lamp's installed location. 14. A lighting kit according to claim 13, wherein the LED controller further comprises an under-voltage protection circuit. 15. A lighting kit according to claim 13, wherein the sunlight-hour switch is a slider, a dial or a membrane type. 16. A lighting kit according to claim 15, wherein the sunlight-hour switch has discrete switching positions or is continuously variable. 17. A lighting kit according to claim 13, further comprising: a post that is operable to connect with a lower part of the lampshade; and a spike operable to connect to a distal end of the post, wherein the spike has a flange disposed at an upper end opposite the spike's pointed end, with the flange having a plurality of holes, and each hole is dimensioned to receive a skewer. 18. A lighting kit according to claim 17, wherein the spike has a plurality of ribs, with each rib being aligned parallel to a longitudinal axis of the spike and each rib has a notch. 19. A lighting kit according to claim 18, wherein the notches are staggered in respect of the longitudinal axis of the spike. 