A solar cell module includes a solar cell string including at least two solar cells for generating electricity from sun light; a first sealing member and a second sealing member for sealing a front surface and a rear surface of the solar cell string, respectively; a front glass positioned on the first sealing member for protecting the front surface of the solar cell module; and a back sheet positioned on the second sealing member for protecting the rear surface of the solar cell module. Here, the back sheet includes an outer surface being an even surface including at least one of a plurality of dented portions and a plurality of protruded portions.
Claims 1. A solar cell module, comprising: a solar cell string including at least two solar cells for generating electricity from sun light; a first sealing member and a second sealing member for sealing a front surface and a rear surface of the solar cell string, respectively; a front glass positioned on the first sealing member for protecting the front surface of the solar cell module; and a back sheet positioned on the second sealing member for protecting the rear surface of the solar cell module, wherein the back sheet including an outer surface being an even surface including at least one of a plurality of dented portions and a plurality of protruded portions. 2. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the at least one of the plurality of dented portions and the plurality of protruded portions are uniformly arranged. 3. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the at least one of the plurality of dented portions and the plurality of protruded portions have a circular shape or a polygonal shape. 4. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the at least one of a plurality of dented portions and the plurality of protruded portions have a depth of about 3 mm to about 4 mm and have a gap of about 1 cm to about 2 cm therebetween. 5. The solar cell module according to claim 1, further comprising a heat-dissipating layer positioned on the uneven surface, wherein the heat-dissipating layer has a thermal conductivity larger than that of the back sheet. 6. The solar cell module according to claim 5, wherein the heat-dissipating layer includes a silicon compound. 7. The solar cell module according to claim 5, wherein the heat-dissipating layer includes a first concave-protruded portion corresponding to the at least one of the plurality of dented portions and the plurality of protruded portions. 8. The solar cell module according to claim 7, wherein the heat-dissipating layer includes a second concave-protruded portion having a size smaller than that of the first concave-protruded portion. 9. The solar cell module according to claim 8, wherein the second concave-protruded portion includes a plurality of second concave-protruded portions, and wherein the plurality of second concave-protruded portions are arranged regularly or irregularly. 10. The solar cell module according to claim 5, wherein the heat-dissipating layer has a thickness of about 0.1 mm to about 1 mm. 11. The solar cell module according to claim 5, wherein the heat-dissipating layer has a thickness smaller than a depth of the at least one of the plurality of dented portions and the plurality of protruded portions. 12. A method for manufacturing a solar cell module, comprising: forming a solar cell string by connecting at least two solar cells for generating electricity from sun light; forming a first sealing member and a second sealing member on a front surface and a rear surface of the solar cell string, respectively; mounting a front glass on the first sealing member for protecting the front surface of the solar cell module; and mounting a back sheet on the second sealing member for protecting the rear surface of the solar cell module, wherein the back sheet including an outer surface being a uneven surface including at least one of a plurality of dented portions and a plurality of protruded portions. 13. The method according to claim 12, further comprising: forming the uneven surface of the back sheet by using a laminator including a diaphragm having at least one of a plurality of dented portions and a plurality of protruded portions, before mounting the back sheet. 14. The method according to claim 12, further comprising a heat-dissipating layer between the back sheet and the second sealing member, and the back sheet and the heat-dissipating layer includes another at least one of a plurality of dented portions and a plurality of protruded portions to face the second sealing member. 15. The method according to claim 12, further comprising: forming a heat-dissipating layer on the uneven surface of the back sheet. 16. The method according to claim 15, wherein the heat-dissipating layer is coated by spraying a heat-dissipating material on the uneven surface of the back sheet. 17. The method according to claim 15, wherein the heat-dissipating layer includes a first concave-protruded portion corresponding to the at least one of the plurality of dented portions and the plurality of protruded portions. 18. The method according to claim 17, wherein the heat-dissipating layer includes a second concave-protruded portion having a size smaller than that of the first concave-protruded portion. 19. The method according to claim 15, wherein, in the forming the heat-dissipating layer, the heat-dissipating layer has a thickness of about 0.1 mm to about 1 mm. 20. The method according to claim 15, wherein the at least one of a plurality of dented portions and a plurality of protruded portions have a depth of about 3 mm to about 4 mm and have a gap of about 1 cm to about 2 cm therebetween. 