A flag and pole mounting assembly for attaching a flagpole to a vehicle includes a middle shaft extending substantially between two sidewalls of the vehicle and adjustable endshafts for extending the total length of the mounting assembly. Posts at each end of the middle shaft engage with stake pockets located in the two sidewalls of the vehicle. A flagpole attachment member couples to the middle shaft and defines a cavity for receiving and securing the flagpole to the middle shaft. A light source connected to the flagpole attachment member illuminates the flagpole or an associated flag when the flagpole is coupled to the flagpole attachment member. A solar panel or other power source is electrically connected to the light source for powering the light source. The mounting assembly may only utilize one stake pocket or may engage with the sidewalls of the vehicle without use of any stake pockets.
Claims 1. A flag and pole mounting assembly for attaching a flagpole to a vehicle, the vehicle having a first sidewall defining a first stake pocket and a second sidewall defining a second stake pocket, the mounting assembly comprising: a middle shaft having a first portion and a second portion, the middle shaft configured to extend substantially between the first sidewall and the second sidewall of the vehicle; and a flagpole attachment member coupled to the middle shaft between the first portion and the second portion, the flagpole attachment member defining an opening for receiving the flagpole. 2. The mounting assembly of claim 1 further comprising: a first endshaft having a connecting portion coupled to the first portion of the middle shaft and an end portion; a second endshaft having a connecting portion coupled to the second portion of the middle shaft and an end portion; a first post coupled to the end portion of the first endshaft, the first post configured to engage with the first stake pocket of the first sidewall of the vehicle; and a second post coupled to the end portion of the second endshaft, the second post configured to engage with the second stake pocket of the second sidewall of the vehicle. 3. The mounting assembly of claim 2 further comprising: a second flagpole attachment member coupled to the middle shaft between the first portion and the second portion, the second flagpole attachment member defining an opening for receiving the flagpole; a third flagpole attachment member coupled to the middle shaft between the first portion and the second portion the third flagpole attachment member defining an opening for receiving the flagpole; and a light source adjustably coupled to any of the flagpole attachment member, the second flagpole attachment member or the third flagpole attachment member. 4. The mounting assembly of claim 2 wherein the connecting portion of the first endshaft is adjustably coupled to the first portion of the middle shaft for adjusting a distance between the first post and the second post. 5. The mounting assembly of claim 4 wherein the connecting portion of the first endshaft slidably engages with the first portion of the middle shaft. 6. The mounting assembly of claim 5 further comprising: a slot disposed substantially along the first portion of the middle shaft; and a fastening element coupled to the connecting portion of the first endshaft, the fastening element received by the slot. 7. The mounting assembly of claim 5 further comprising: a plurality of holes disposed substantially along the first portion of the middle shaft; and a fastening element coupled to the connecting portion of the first endshaft, the fastening element received by at least one of the plurality of holes. 8. The mounting assembly of claim 2 wherein the flagpole attachment member substantially surrounds a perimeter of the middle shaft and further comprising a fastening element that passes through the flagpole attachment member and an interior of the middle shaft for coupling the flagpole attachment member to the middle shaft. 9. The mounting assembly of claim 2 wherein the flagpole attachment member substantially surrounds a perimeter of the middle shaft and further comprising a fastening element that passes through the flagpole attachment member and does not pass through an interior of the middle shaft for coupling the flagpole attachment member to the middle shaft. 10. The mounting assembly of claim 1 wherein the flagpole attachment member is adjustably positioned along a length of the middle shaft between the first portion and the second portion of the middle shaft. 11. The mounting assembly of claim 1 wherein the flagpole attachment member is adjustably oriented around a perimeter of the middle shaft between the first portion and the second portion of the middle shaft. 12. A flag and pole mounting assembly for attaching a flagpole to a vehicle, the vehicle having a first sidewall and a second sidewall, the mounting assembly comprising: a middle shaft having a first portion and a second portion, the middle shaft configured to extend substantially between the first sidewall and the second sidewall of the vehicle; a first endshaft having a connecting portion coupled to the first portion of the middle shaft and an end portion; a first threaded component engaged with the end portion of the first endshaft; a second endshaft having a connecting portion coupled to the second portion of the middle shaft and an end portion; a second threaded component engaged with the end portion of the second endshaft; a first bracket engaged with the first threaded component and configured to contact the first sidewall of the vehicle; a second bracket engaged with the second threaded component and configured to contact the second sidewall of the vehicle; and a flagpole attachment member coupled to the middle shaft between the first portion and the second portion, the flagpole attachment member defining an opening for receiving the flagpole. 13. The mounting assembly of claim 12 wherein the first threaded component is configured to rotate within the first bracket and within the end portion of the first endshaft for increasing or decreasing a distance between the end portion of the first endshaft and the first sidewall of the vehicle; and wherein the second threaded component is configured to rotate within the second bracket and within the end portion of the second endshaft for increasing or decreasing a distance between the end portion of the second endshaft and the second sidewall of the vehicle. 14. The mounting assembly of claim 12 wherein the middle shaft is substantially cylindrical. 15. The mounting assembly of claim 12 wherein the flagpole attachment member defines a second opening and further comprising a light source for illuminating the flagpole, the light source having a protrusion adjustably received by the second opening of the flagpole attachment member. 16. The mounting assembly of claim 15 further comprising a solar panel electrically connected to the light source for powering the light source. 17. The mounting assembly of claim 15 wherein the light source is configured to be powered by an existing electrical system of the vehicle. 18. A flag and pole mounting assembly for attaching a flagpole to a vehicle, the vehicle having a surface defining a cavity therein, the mounting assembly comprising: a post configured to be received by the cavity of the vehicle; and a flagpole attachment member coupled with the post and defining an opening for receiving the flagpole, the flagpole attachment member adjustably oriented with respect to the post. 19. The mounting assembly of claim 18 further comprising a shaft having a curved portion, the shaft coupled between the flagpole attachment member and the post for offsetting the flagpole attachment member from the post. 20. The mounting assembly of claim 18 further comprising a wedged element configured to be positioned adjacent to the flagpole for deflecting a flow of air around the flagpole. 