An electromagnetic motor having a frame, and at least one disc rotatably mounted to the frame. At least one permanent magnet is mounted on the disc, and at least one electromagnet is mounted to the frame in magnetic proximity to the at least one permanent magnet. A battery is electrically coupled to the motor for powering the at least one electromagnet. A switch controls electrical power between the battery and the at least one electromagnet, and a sensing means is provided for controlling the switch to activate the at least one electromagnet with respect to the at least one permanent magnet to cause the at least one disc to rotate. Preferably, a generator is mechanically coupled to the motor and electrically coupled to the battery for generating electrical power to the battery, and a renewable energy source such as a photovoltaic cell is electrically coupled to the motor to supplement any net electrical loss.
Claims 1. An electromagnetic motor comprising: a frame; at least one disc rotatably mounted to said frame; at least one permanent magnet mounted on said at least one disc off-center from said at least one disc; at least one electromagnet mounted to said frame in magnetic proximity to said at least one permanent magnet; a battery coupled to said at least one electromagnet; a switch for controlling electrical power between said battery and said at least one electromagnet; and sensing means for generating a signal to said switch to activate electrical power to said at least one electromagnet upon sensing when said at least one electromagnet is positioned with respect to said at least one permanent magnet such that a magnetic force generated by said electromagnet with respect to said at least one permanent magnet would be effective for inducing rotation of said at least one disc. 2. The motor of claim 1, wherein said at least one disc comprises a flywheel. 3. The motor of claim 1, wherein said at least one permanent magnet comprises a surface which is flush with a surface of said at least one disc. 4. The motor of claim 1 further comprising: said at least one permanent magnet comprises a plurality of permanent magnets mounted on said at least one disc off-center from said at least one disc in an even distribution; and said at least one electromagnet comprises a plurality of electromagnets each placed in magnetic proximity to at least one of said plurality of permanent magnets. 5. The motor of claim 1, wherein said sensing means for generating a signal comprises: a firing ring mounted on a surface of said at least one disc, said firing ring having a surface defining at least one discontinuity corresponding to said at least one permanent magnet; a proximity sensor coupled to said sensing means and positioned on said frame for detecting said at least one discontinuity of said firing ring, and for generating a signal to said sensing means upon detection of said at least one discontinuity, said sensing means being configured for controlling electrical power to said at least one electromagnet in response to receipt of said signal from said proximity sensor causing said electromagnet to exert a magnetic force on said at least one permanent magnet. 6. The motor of claim 1, wherein said switch for controlling electrical power comprises a solid state relay. 7. The motor of claim 1 further comprising means for converting the rotational inertia of said at least one disc into mechanical power, said means mechanically coupled to said at least one disc. 8. The motor of claim 1 further comprising a brake mechanism to bias said at least one disc when stopped to a preselected position with respect to said at least one electromagnet to enhance subsequent starting of the motor. 9. The motor of claim 1 further comprising a generator mechanically coupled to said motor and electrically coupled to said battery for generating electrical power to said battery. 10. The motor of claim 1 further comprising a photovoltaic cell electrically coupled to said battery for providing a supplemental source of electrical power. 11. The motor of claim 1, wherein said at least one disc comprises at least two discs mounted on a common shaft for synchronous rotation. 12. A method for generating mechanical power comprising the steps of: providing a frame; rotatabaly mounting at least one disc to said frame; mounting at least one permanent magnet on said at least one disc off-center from said at least one disc; mounting at least one electromagnet to said frame in magnetic proximity to said at least one permanent magnet; coupling a battery to said at least one electromagnet; providing a switch for controlling electrical power between said battery and said at least one electromagnet; providing a sensing means for generating a signal to said switch to activate electrical power to said at least one electromagnet upon sensing when said at least one electromagnet is positioned with respect to said at least one permanent magnet such that a magnetic force generated by said at least one electromagnet with respect to said at least one permanent magnet would be effective for inducing rotation of said at least one disc; and activating said sensing means for controlling said switch causing said at least one electromagnet to exert a magnetic force on said at least one permanent magnet causing said at least one disc to rotate. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein providing said at least one disc comprises providing a flywheel. 14. The method of claim 12, wherein mounting said at least one permanent magnet on said at least one disc off-center from said at least one disc comprises recessing said at least one permanent magnet on said at least one disc such that a surface of said at least one permanent magnet is flush with a surface of said at least one disc. 15. The method of claim 12, further comprising the steps of: providing a plurality of permanent magnets mounted on said at least one disc off center from said at least one disc in an even distribution; and providing a plurality of electromagnets each placed in magnetic proximity to at least one of said plurality of permanent magnets. 16. The method of claim 12, wherein providing said sensing means for generating a signal comprises: mounting a firing ring on a surface of said at least one disc, said firing ring having a surface defining at least one discontinuity corresponding to said at least one permanent magnet; mounting a proximity sensor on said frame and coupled to said sensing means for detecting said at least one discontinuity of said firing ring, and for generating a signal to said sensing means upon detection of said at least one discontinuity, said sensing means being configured for controlling electrical power to said at least one electromagnet in response to receipt of said signal from said proximity sensor causing said at least one electromagnet to exert a magnetic force on said at least one permanent. 17. The method of claim 12, wherein providing said switch for controlling electrical power comprises providing a solid state relay. 18. The method of claim 12, further comprising providing a means for converting the rotational inertia of said at least one disc into mechanical power, and mechanically coupling said means to said at least one disc. 19. The method of claim 12, further comprising coupling a brake mechanism to bias said at least one disc when stopped to a preselected position with respect to said electromagnet to enhance subsequent starting of the motor. 20. The method of claim 12, further comprising mechanically coupling a generator to said motor and electrically coupling said generator to said battery for generating electrical power to said battery. 21. The method of claim 12, further comprising the step of electrically coupling a photovoltaic cell to said battery for generating supplemental electrical power. 22. The method of claim 12 wherein said at least on disc comprises at least two discs mounted on a common shaft for synchronous rotation. 