A distributed photovoltaic (PV) power plant includes a plurality of distributed dc-dc converters. The dc-dc converters are configured to switch in coordination with one another such that at least one dc-dc converter transfers power to a common dc-bus based upon the total system power available from one or more corresponding strings of PV modules. Due to the coordinated switching of the dc-dc converters, each dc-dc converter transferring power to the common dc-bus continues to operate within its optimal efficiency range as well as to optimize the maximum power point tracking in order to increase the energy yield of the PV power plant.
Claims 1. A string level maximum power point distributed photovoltaic (PV) power plant comprising: one or more dc-dc converters; and at least one string of PV modules, wherein each dc-dc converter receives power from at least one corresponding string of PV modules, and further wherein at least one dc-dc converter is configured to transfer power to a common dc-bus based upon the total system power available from each of its corresponding strings of PV modules such that each dc-dc converter transferring power to the common dc-bus continues to operate within its optimal efficiency range to increase the energy yield of the PV power plant. 2. The power plant according to claim 1, wherein at least one dc-dc converter is configured together with a corresponding ac-dc converter to provide a two-stage central inverter. 3. The power plant according to claim 2, wherein each dc-dc converter that is configured together with a corresponding ac-dc converter to provide a two-stage central inverter, comprises an interleaved buck-boost string converter topology. 4. The power plant according to claim 1, wherein the one or more dc-dc converters and the at least one string of PV modules are configured together to provide a PV module string combiner distribution structure. 5. The power plant according to claim 1, wherein the one or more dc-dc converters and the at least one string of PV modules are configured together to provide a PV module string distribution structure. 6. The power plant according to claim 1, further comprising at least one combiner box, each combiner box comprising: at least one local control unit, wherein each local control unit is configured to control a single dc-dc converter selected from the one or more dc-dc converters based on commands received via an external communication bus; and a local data bus configured to provide communication between local control units, wherein each local control unit is configured to select and control operation of its corresponding dc-dc converter such that at least one dc-dc converter transfers power to a common dc-bus based upon the total system power available from each of its corresponding strings of PV modules, and further such that each dc-dc converter transferring power to the common dc-bus continues to operate within its optimal efficiency range to increase the energy yield of the PV power plant. 7. The power plant according to claim 6, wherein each combiner box further comprises a central control unit configured to control operation of the local control units based on commands provided via the central control unit. 8. The power plant according to claim 1, wherein at least one dc-dc converter comprises an interleaved buck-boost string converter topology. 9. A method of operating a string level maximum power point distributed photovoltaic (PV) power plant, the method comprising: providing one or more dc-dc converters, each dc-dc converter receiving power from at least one string of corresponding PV modules; and transferring power to a common dc-bus from at least one of the one or more dc-dc converters such that the power transferred from each dc-dc converter contributing power to the common dc-bus is based upon the total system power available from each of its corresponding strings of PV modules, and further such that each dc-dc converter transferring power to the common dc-bus continues to operate within its optimal efficiency range to increase the energy yield of the PV power plant. 10. The method according to claim 9, further comprising configuring at least one dc-dc converter together with a corresponding ac-dc converter to provide a two-stage central inverter. 11. The method according to claim 10, wherein configuring at least one dc-dc converter together with a corresponding ac-dc converter comprises configuring at least one interleaved buck-boost string converter together with a corresponding ac-dc converter to provide a two-stage central inverter. 12. The method according to claim 9, further comprising configuring the one or more dc-dc converters and the at least one string of PV modules together to provide a PV module string combiner distribution structure. 13. The method according to claim 9, further comprising configuring the one or more dc-dc converters and the at least one string of PV modules together to provide a PV module string distribution structure. 14. The method according to claim 9, further comprising: providing at least one combiner box, each combiner box comprising: at least one local control unit; and a local data bus; configuring each local control unit to control a single dc-dc converter based on commands received via an external communication bus; and configuring the local data bus to provide communication between local control units, such that each local control unit selects and controls operation of its corresponding dc-dc converter, and further such that at least one dc-dc converter transfers power to a common dc-bus based upon the total system power available from each of its corresponding strings of PV modules, and further such that each dc-dc converter transferring power to the common dc-bus continues to operate within its optimal efficiency range to increase the energy yield of the PV power plant. 15. The method according to claim 14, further comprising providing a central control unit in each combiner box and configuring the central control unit to control operation of the local control units based on commands provided via the central control unit. 16. A string level maximum power point distributed photovoltaic (PV) power plant comprising a plurality of distributed dc-dc converters configured to switch in coordination with one another such that at least one dc-dc converter transfers power to a common dc-bus based upon the total system power available from one or more corresponding strings of PV modules, and further such that each dc-dc converter transferring power to the common dc-bus continues to operate within its optimal efficiency range to increase the energy yield of the PV power plant. 17. The PV power plant according to claim 16, wherein at least one dc-dc converter is configured together with a corresponding ac-dc converter to provide a two-stage central inverter. 18. The PV power plant according to claim 17, wherein each dc-dc converter that is configured together with a corresponding ac-dc converter to provide a two-stage central inverter, comprises an interleaved buck-boost string converter topology. 19. The PV power plant according to claim 16, wherein at least one dc-dc converter and a plurality of PV modules are configured together to provide a PV module string combiner distribution structure. 20. The PV power plant according to claim 19, wherein the plurality of dc-dc converters and the plurality of PV modules are configured such that the dc-dc converters are connected directly at corresponding module strings to provide coordinated switching through a dc-dc converter controller communication network or through a central controller in electrical communication with the dc-dc converter controller communication network. 21. The PV power plant according to claim 16, wherein at least one dc-dc converter and a plurality of PV modules are configured together to provide a PV module string distribution structure. 22. The PV power plant according to claim 21, wherein the plurality of dc-dc converters and the plurality of PV modules are configured such that the dc-dc converters are connected directly at corresponding module strings to provide coordinated switching through a dc-dc converter controller communication network or through a central controller in electrical communication with the dc-dc converter controller communication network. 23. The PV power plant according to claim 16, wherein at least one dc-dc converter comprises at least one type of device selected from silicon devices and wide band gap devices. 24. The PV power plant according to claim 23, wherein the devices are selected from silicon carbide (SiC) devices and gallium nitride (GaN) devices. 25. The PV power plant according to claim 16, wherein the plurality of distributed dc-dc converters are configured to coordinate a global maximum power point search such that dc-dc converters participating in the search do not interfere with one another to cause intermittent power reductions in the PV plant output power. 26. The PV power plant according to claim 16, further comprising: a plurality of mechanical or semiconductor switches; and a plurality of local controllers or a central control unit, wherein the plurality of mechanical or semiconductor switches are configured to control power flow between the dc-dc converters in response to signals received from the plurality of local controllers or central control unit. 