Disclosed is an automatic sunlight tracking device comprising a solar panel holder (1), a mounting (2), a pitching angle tracking member, and a swing angle tracking member. The solar panel holder (1) is coupled with the mounting (2) through a three-dimensional assembly (3), and the pitching tracking member comprises a first transmission part and a first drive device (81) cooperating with the first transmission part. The swing tracking member comprises a second transmission part and a second drive device (82) cooperating with the second transmission part. The three-dimensional assembly (3) includes two rotation supporting shafts arranged in a cross shape. The automatic sunlight tracking device has a high operation accuracy, a reasonable structure, low operation energy consumption. It is easy to be controlled, and installation and maintenance is facilitated.
Claims 1. An automatic sunlight tracking device comprising a solar panel holder, a mounting, a pitching angle tracking member, and a swing angle tracking member, wherein: the solar panel holder is coupled with the mounting through a three-dimensional joint, the three-dimensional joint includes a pitching angle rotation supporting shaft and a swing angle rotation supporting shaft arranged in a cross shape, the three-dimensional joint is hingedly coupled to the mounting through the pitching angle rotation supporting shaft, and the three-dimensional joint is hingedly coupled to the solar panel holder through the swing angle rotation supporting shaft; a rigid support is hingedly connected to the solar panel holder or fixedly connected to the swing angle rotation supporting shaft of the three-dimensional joint, and the rigid support is only capable of rotating synchronously with a pitching angle of the solar panel holder; the pitching angle tracking member at least comprises a first transmission part which is capable of rotating the solar panel holder by means of the pitching angle rotation supporting shaft of the three-dimensional joint, and a first drive device disposed on the mounting to adjust a position of the first transmission part; and the swing angle tracking member at least comprises a second transmission part which is capable of rotating the solar panel holder around the swing angle rotation supporting shaft of the three-dimensional joint, and a second drive device fixed to the rigid support to drive the second transmission part to act. 2. The automatic sunlight tracking device of claim 1, wherein: the second transmission part is a rigid semi-circular arc body provided with a transmission structure, both ends of the rigid semi-circular arc body are fixedly connected to the solar panel holder, and the second drive device drives the rigid semi-circular arc body to rotate. 3. The automatic sunlight tracking device of claim 2, wherein: the rigid semi-circular arc body has a tooth-shaped transmission structure, the second drive device comprises an electric motor and a worm speed reducer, and a gear meshing with the tooth-shaped transmission structure is mounted on an output shaft of the worm speed reducer. 4. The automatic sunlight tracking device of claim 2, wherein: the rigid semi-circular arc body has a chain-shaped transmission structure, the second drive device comprises an electric motor and a worm speed reducer, and a sprocket cooperating with the chain-shaped transmission structure is mounted on an output shaft of the worm speed reducer. 5. The automatic sunlight tracking device of claim 1, wherein: the second transmission part is a rope-like body including a first transmission rope and a second transmission rope, the second drive device comprises an electric motor and a worm speed reducer, and a pulley which is capable of cooperating with the rope-like body is mounted on an output shaft of the worm speed reducer, the pulley has a cylindrical shape with a small diameter at a middle portion and a large diameter at both ends, first and second helical guide grooves symmetrical about an intermediate cross section of the pulley are disposed on a cylindrical surface of the pulley; the first and second transmission ropes are disposed in the first and second helical guide grooves, respectively, each of the first and second transmission ropes has an end fixed to an inside of the corresponding helical guide groove, and another end connected to the solar panel holder, and the first and second transmission ropes are configured in a wound and unwound relationship. 6. The automatic sunlight tracking device of claim 1, wherein: the first transmission part has an end connected to the solar panel holder or the swing angle rotation supporting shaft, and another end connected to the rigid support. 7. The automatic sunlight tracking device of claim 6, wherein: the first transmission part is a rope-like body including a third transmission rope and a fourth transmission rope, the first drive device comprises an electric motor and a worm speed reducer, and a pulley cooperating with the rope-like body is mounted on an output shaft of the worm speed reducer, the pulley has a cylindrical shape with a small diameter at a middle portion and a large diameter at both ends, and third and fourth helical guide grooves symmetrical about an intermediate cross section of the pulley are disposed on a cylindrical surface of the pulley; and the third and fourth transmission ropes are disposed in the third and fourth helical guide grooves, respectively, each of the third and fourth transmission ropes has an end fixed to an inside of the corresponding helical guide groove, and the other ends of the third and fourth transmission ropes are connected to the solar panel holder and the rigid support, respectively, and the third and fourth transmission ropes are configured in a wound and unwound relationship. 8. The automatic sunlight tracking device of claim 6, wherein: the first transmission part is a rigid arc body, the rigid arc body has a tooth-shaped transmission structure, the first drive device comprises an electric motor and a worm speed reducer, and a gear cooperating with the tooth-shaped transmission structure is mounted on an output shaft of the worm speed reducer. 9. The automatic sunlight tracking device of claim 6, wherein: the first transmission part is a rigid arc body, the rigid arc body has a chain-shaped transmission structure, the first drive device comprises an electric motor and a worm speed reducer, and a sprocket cooperating with the chain-shaped transmission structure is mounted on an output shaft of the worm speed reducer. 10. The automatic sunlight tracking device of claim 6, wherein: the first transmission part is a rigid arc body, the rigid arc body has a groove-shaped or hole-shaped positioning structure, and the first drive device comprises a fixing hole fixed to the mounting, and a positioning pin which is capable of being inserted in the fixing hole and the groove-shaped or hole-shaped positioning structure of the rigid arc body. 11. The automatic sunlight tracking device of claim 1, wherein: the first transmission part comprises an electrical linearly-pushing rod, or a hydraulic linearly-pushing rod, the electrical linearly-pushing rod, or the hydraulic linearly-pushing rod has an end hingedly connected to the mounting, and another end hingedly connected to the solar panel holder or the rigid support or the swing angle rotation supporting shaft. 12. The automatic sunlight tracking device of claim 1, wherein: the first transmission part comprises a rigid arc body, the rigid arc body has an end connected to the rigid support or the swing angle rotation supporting shaft, or hingedly connected to the solar panel holder, the rigid arc body has a groove-shaped or hole-shaped positioning structure, and the first drive device comprises a fixing hole fixed to the mounting, and a positioning pin which is capable of being inserted in the fixing hole and the groove-shaped or hole-shaped positioning structure of the rigid arc body. 13. An automatic sunlight tracking device comprising: a solar panel holder; a mounting; a pitching angle tracking member; and a swing angle tracking member, wherein the solar panel holder is coupled with the mounting through a three-dimensional joint, the three-dimensional joint includes a pitching angle rotation supporting shaft and a swing angle rotation supporting shaft arranged in a cross shape, the three-dimensional joint is hingedly coupled to the mounting through the pitching angle rotation supporting shaft, and the three-dimensional joint is hingedly coupled to the solar panel holder through the swing angle rotation supporting shaft, and a support is hingedly connected to the solar panel holder or fixedly connected to the swing angle rotation supporting shaft of the three-dimensional joint, and the support is only capable of rotating synchronously with a pitching angle of the solar panel holder. 14. The automatic sunlight tracking device of claim 13, wherein the pitching angle tracking member comprises a first transmission part which is capable of rotating the solar panel holder by means of the pitching angle rotation supporting shaft of the three-dimensional joint, and a first drive device disposed to adjust a position of the first transmission part. 15. The automatic sunlight tracking device of claim 14, wherein The first drive device is disposed on the mounting. 16. The automatic sunlight tracking device of claim 13, wherein the swing angle tracking member comprises a second transmission part which is capable of rotating the solar panel holder around the swing angle rotation supporting shaft of the three-dimensional joint, and a second drive device configured to drive the second transmission part to act. 17. The automatic sunlight tracking device of claim 16, wherein the second drive device is fixed to the support. 18. The automatic sunlight tracking device of claim 16, wherein the second transmission part is a semi-circular arc body provided with a transmission structure, both ends of the semi-circular arc body are fixedly connected to the solar panel holder, and the second drive device drives the semi-circular arc body to rotate. 19. The automatic sunlight tracking device of claim 18, wherein the semi-circular arc body has a tooth-shaped transmission structure, the second drive device comprises an electric motor and a worm speed reducer, and a gear meshing with the tooth-shaped transmission structure is mounted on an output shaft of the worm speed reducer. 20. The automatic sunlight tracking device of claim 14, wherein the first transmission part is an arc body, the arc body has a groove-shaped or hole-shaped positioning structure, and the first drive device comprises a fixing hole disposed in the mounting, and a positioning pin which is capable of being inserted in the fixing hole and the groove-shaped or hole-shaped positioning structure of the arc body. 