A tankless water heating auxiliary system for a solar water heating system, includes a solar collector; a tankless water heater auxiliary system; an insulated water storage tank storing the potable water; a heat exchange system for heating stored water; and piping for connecting the collector, the storage tank and the heat exchanger in fluid communication. A first sensor is connected to and located adjacent the storage tank for sensing the temperature of the stored water at an outlet of the tank. A method for controlling initiation of heating in a tankless water heater auxiliary system, includes monitoring operation of a tankless water heater; measuring water flow using a water flow sensor to determine if water flow rate exceeds a use determined flow rate; implementing a control time delay into the tankless water heater to purge water from the heater and sense the inlet water supply temperature; measuring the water temperature using a heat exchanger outgoing thermistor; comparing the temperature measured by the thermistor to a predetermined temperature; and initiating a combustion sequence if the temperature measured by the outgoing themistor is less than the predetermined temperature.
Claims 1. A tankless water heating auxiliary system for a solar water heating system, comprising: a solar collector; a tankless water heater auxiliary system; an insulated water storage tank storing potable water; a heat exchange system for heating stored water; piping for connecting said collector, said storage tank and said heat exchanger in fluid communication; and a first sensor connected to and located adjacent said storage tank for sensing the temperature of the stored water at an outlet of said tank. 2. The tankless water heating auxiliary system of claim 1, further comprising a controller connected to said first sensor. 3. The tankless water heating auxiliary system of claim 2, wherein when said first sensor detects whether the water temperature in said storage tank is greater than or less than 120.degree. F. 4. The tankless water heating auxiliary system of claim 3, wherein said first sensor is placed on a top surface of said tank. 5. The tankless water heating auxiliary system of claim 3, wherein said first sensor is placed inside of said tank. 6. The tankless water heating auxiliary system of claim 4, wherein said first sensor is connected to said tankless heater via wire. 7. The tankless water heating auxiliary system of claim 6, wherein said first sensor is operative to detect a temperature greater than a predetermined maximum reference water temperature. 8. The tankless water heating auxiliary system of claim 7, wherein when said first sensor detects a temperature below a predetermined maximum reference temperature, said burner is activated. 9. The tankless water heating auxiliary system of claim 7, wherein when first sensor detects a temperature above 120.degree. F., said burner is not activated. 10. A method for controlling initiation of heating in a tankless water heater auxiliary system, comprising: monitoring operation of a tankless water heater; measuring water flow using a water flow sensor to determine if water flow rate exceeds a use determined flow rate; implementing a control time delay into the tankless water heater to purge water from the heater and sense the inlet water supply temperature; measuring the water temperature using a heat exchanger outgoing thermistor; comparing the temperature measured by said thermistor to a predetermined temperature; and initiating a combustion sequence if the temperature measured by said outgoing themistor is less than said predetermined temperature. 