A position locating device comprises a position determining unit for periodically determining the position of the device and storing position data in a memory. On activation of the device, a position transmitting unit periodically transmits a terminal identifier and position data, to a base station via a satellite. A power management unit controls the periodicity of the transmission by the position transmitting means. A position determining system includes the position determining device and a base station for receiving the terminal identifier and position data and relaying the information to a first responder.
Claims 1. A position locating device comprising: a position determining unit which periodically determines the position of the device and stores position data in a memory; a position transmitting unit which, upon activation, periodically transmits a terminal identifier and position data to a satellite; and a power management unit which controls periodicity of the transmission by the position transmitting unit. 2. The position locating device according to claim 1, wherein, on activation, the position transmitting unit retrieves the most recently stored position data from the memory, and transmits it, together with the terminal identifier. 3. The position locating device according to claim 1, wherein the position determining unit comprises a GPS receiver. 4. The position locating device according to claim 1, wherein the position transmitting unit transmits the terminal identifier and position data to a communications satellite. 5. The position locating device according to claim 1, further comprising a rechargeable power source. 6. The position locating device according to claim 5, further comprising a solar cell configured to recharge the power source. 7. The position locating device according to claim 1, further comprising an encrypting unit for encrypting the terminal identifier and position data before transmission. 8. The position locating device according to claim 7, wherein the encryption unit encrypts the data according to the Advanced Encryption Standard. 9. The position locating device according to claim 1, further comprising means for receiving a position request from a satellite and, in response to receipt of the position request, transmitting the terminal identifier and position data. 10. The position locating device according to claim 1, further comprising: means for receiving a setting command from a satellite, wherein the power management means sets periodicity of the transmission based on the setting command. 11. The position locating device according to claim 1, further comprising: means for receiving from a satellite a message; and display means for displaying the message. 12. The position locating device according to claim 1, further comprising means for monitoring the output of a power source, wherein periodicity of the transmission is set dependent on the output of the power source. 13. The position locating device according to claim 12, wherein, if the power source output is low, a time interval between transmissions is increased. 14. The position locating device according to claim 1, further comprising means for comparing position data determined at intervals, wherein the periodicity of the transmission is set dependent on a change in the position data. 15. The position locating device according to claim 14, wherein, if the device is determined to be moving by comparison of the position data, a time interval between transmissions is decreased. 16. A position locating system comprising a position determining device according to claim 1, and further comprising: a base station that includes position receiving means for receiving the terminal identifier and position data from a satellite; and contact means for contacting a first responder. 17. The position locating system according to claim 16, wherein the contact means contacts the first responder by telephone or email. 18. The position locating system according to claim 16, wherein: the contact means stores details of a plurality of responders; and if no response is received from the first responder, the contact means contacts a second responder. 19. The position locating system according to claim 16, wherein the base station comprises decryption means for decrypting received terminal identifier and position data. 20. The position locating system according to claim 16, wherein: the base station includes means for transmitting a setting command to the position locating device via a satellite; and the power management unit sets periodicity of the transmission based on the setting command. 21. The position locating system according to claim 16, wherein: the base station includes means for transmitting a position request to the position locating device via a satellite; and in response to receipt of the position request, the position transmitting means transmits the terminal identifier and position data. 