A crib monitoring system for a crib having a plurality of crib posts disposed a predetermined distance apart, and a side gate including a plurality of bar portions disposed between and connectable to the crib posts. The crib monitoring system includes at least one camera device connected to a crib post of the plurality of crib posts and configured to capture an image of an interior of the crib, a plurality of sensor devices, each sensor device connected with a respective crib post, and configured to form a signal beam along an interior surface of the side gate between the crib posts, and a monitoring device configured to receive a warning signal when a baby within the crib is within a predetermined distance of the bar portions such that the signal beam is interrupted.
Claims 1. A crib monitoring system for a crib including a plurality of crib posts disposed a predetermined distance apart, and a side gate including a plurality of bar portions disposed between and connectable to the crib posts, the crib monitoring system comprising: at least one camera device connected to a crib post of the plurality of crib posts and configured to capture an image of an interior of the crib; a plurality of sensor devices, each sensor device connected with a respective crib post, and configured to form a signal beam along an interior surface of the side gate between the crib posts; and a monitoring device configured to receive a warning signal when a baby within the crib is within a predetermined distance of the bar portions such that the signal beam is interrupted. 2. The crib monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the at least one camera device is embedded within a crib post at an angled position to capture the image of the interior of the crib. 3. The crib monitoring system of claim 2, wherein the at least one camera includes a pair of camera devices, each camera device embedded within a respective crib post at an angled position to capture an image of the interior of the crib. 4. The crib monitoring system of claim 1, wherein each sensor device is embedded within the respective crib post. 5. The crib monitoring system of claim 1, wherein monitoring device comprises: a display device configured to receive and display the image captured by the at least one camera device; a speaker configured to broadcast the warning signal; reset mechanism to reset the crib monitoring system when desired by a user; a control unit configured to control the display device and a volume setting of the speaker; and a power supply unit configured to supply power to the monitoring device. 6. The crib monitoring system of claim 5, wherein the monitoring device further comprises: a receiver; an antenna; and a processing unit configured to receive and process video data associated with the image, and warning signal data associated with the warning signal as received from the at least one camera device and the sensor devices via the receiver in communication with the antenna at the monitoring device. 7. The crib monitoring system of claim 1, wherein during normal operation, the signal beam is continuously maintained along the interior surface of the bar portions along length of the crib from one crib post to another crib post at an opposite end of the crib. 8. The crib monitoring system of claim 5, wherein: during the normal operation, the display device remains in an off-state until the warning signal is received at the monitoring device, and upon receiving the warning signal, an image is displayed via the display device at the monitoring device. 9. The crib monitoring system of claim 5, wherein the monitoring device is a portable handheld device. 10. The crib monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the at least one camera device and the sensor devices are battery-operated or solar-powered. 11. The crib monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the predetermined distance ranges from between approximately 1/2 inch to approximately 1 inch. 11. The crib monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the crib comprises: at least one first housing portion for receiving the at least one camera device therein; and second housing portions to each receive a sensor device of the plurality of sensor devices therein. 12. The crib monitoring system of claim 6, wherein the warning signal is sent directly from at least one of the sensor devices to the processing unit and to the camera device to activate the transmission of video data to the processing unit. 13. The crib monitoring system of claim 12, wherein the warning signal is sent simultaneously from the sensor device to the processing unit and the camera device. 14. The crib monitoring system of claim 6, wherein the warning signal is transmitted from the at least one sensor device to the at least one camera device and then transmitted the warning signal and the video data together to the processing unit from the at least one camera device. 15. A method of operating a crib monitoring system including a plurality of sensor devices and at least one camera device housed within a crib and portable monitoring device remotely positioned, the method comprises: continuously maintaining, via the sensor devices, a signal beam along an interior surface of bar portions of the crib; generating a warning signal via at least one of the sensor devices when the signal beam is interrupted by movement of a baby within the crib; and transmitting video data from the at least one camera device to the monitoring device when the warning signal has been generated; and displaying via a display device at the monitoring device, an image associated with the video data. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein generating a warning signal further comprises: transmitting the warning signal generated, directly from the at least one sensor device to the monitoring device and the camera device to active transmission of the video data to the monitoring device. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein generating a warning signal further comprises: transmitting the warning signal generated, simultaneously to the monitoring device and the camera device 18. The method of claim 15, wherein generating a warning signal further comprises: transmitting the warning signal from the at least one sensor device to the at least one camera device and then transmitting the warning signal and the video data together to the monitoring device from the at least one camera device. 19. The method of claim 15, wherein during normal operation, the display device at the monitoring device remains in an off-state until the warning signal is received at the monitoring device, and upon receiving the warning signal, the image is displayed via the display device. 