A system for harvesting solar energy from an electric grid comprising a solar panel including an insulating material and a photovoltaic module attached to the insulating material, said solar panel adapted to be mounted onto a live power line in said electric grid.
Claims 1. A system for harvesting solar energy from an electric grid comprising a solar panel including an insulating material and a photovoltaic module attached to the insulating material, said solar panel adapted to be mounted onto a live power line in said electric grid. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said solar panel is longitudinally disposed along at least a portion of a length of the live power line. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein said electric grid comprises a dummy line. 4. The system of claim 3 wherein said solar panel is further adapted to be mounted onto said dummy line. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein the insulating material comprises an insulating flexible membrane sheet. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein the live power line is embedded in the insulating material. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the solar panel comprises electrically insulating clips for attaching said solar panel to the live power line. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein said solar panel comprises a cavity configured to contain a fluidic gas. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein said fluidic gas is a lighter-than-air (light) gas. 10. The system of claim 8 wherein said fluidic gas exhibits fluorescent properties. 11. The system of claim 1 wherein said solar panel produces a light. 12. The system of claim 1 comprising a support structure for supporting a weight of said solar panel. 13. The system of claim 12 comprising a central support cable extending between two pylons in said electrical grid. 14. The system of claim 13 comprising tension cables for connecting said solar panel to the central support cable. 15. The system of claim 1 wherein said photovoltaic module is adapted to concentrate solar energy. 16. The system of claim 1 comprising a reflective cover for reflecting solar energy. 17. The system of claim 1 wherein said system is adapted to harvest heat. 18. A method for harvesting solar energy from an electric grid comprising mounting a solar panel including an insulating material and a photovoltaic module attached to the insulating material, onto a live power line in said electric grid. 19. The method of claim 18 comprising longitudinally disposing said solar panel along at least a portion of a length of the live power line. 20. The method of claim 18 comprising including a dummy line in said electric grid. 21. The method of claim 20 further comprising mounting said solar panel onto said dummy line. 22. The method of claim 18 wherein the insulating material comprises an insulating flexible membrane sheet. 23. The method of claim 18 comprising embedding the live power line in the insulating material. 24. The method of claim 18 comprising attaching said solar panel to the live power line using electrically insulating clips. 25. The method of claim 18 comprising containing fluidic gas in a cavity in said solar panel. 26. The system of claim 1 wherein said power line is an electric cable. 