A system and method to attach an object to a structure. The system includes a first membrane, a second membrane and a mounting plate. The method includes covering a portion of the structure with the first membrane and then placing the mounting plate thereupon. The second membrane placed over the mounting plate and subsequently bonded to both the mounting plate and the first membrane. The object is secured to the mounting plate via a fastener attached thereto and extending through the second membrane.
Claims 1. A mounting system for attaching an object to a structure, the system comprising: a first membrane secured to the structure; a second membrane, having: a hole extending from a bottom surface to a top surface; and a first section of the bottom surface for bonding with a top surface of the first membrane; a mounting plate sandwiched between the top surface of the first membrane and a second section of the bottom surface of the second membrane, the mounting plate having: a protrusion that extends from a top surface of the mounting plate and configured to pass through the hole of the second membrane; and an adhesive applied to a portion of the top surface of the mounting plate; wherein the adhesive securely bonds the mounting plate to the second membrane and prevents foreign debris from passing between the top surface of the mounting plate and the bottom surface of the second membrane; and wherein the object securely couples to the protrusion of the mounting plate. 2. The mounting system of claim 1, further comprising: a fastener for securing the mounting plate to the structure. 3. The mounting system of claim 2, the mounting plate further comprising: a hole extending from a bottom surface to the top surface of the mounting plate; wherein the hole receives the fastener. 4. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the hole is a countersunk hole for receiving the fastener such that a head of the fastener sits flush with the top surface of the mounting plate. 5. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the first membrane and the second membrane are both composed of an elastomeric material. 6. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the top surface of the mounting plate is flat, thus having no upraised surfaces. 7. The mounting system of claim 1, the protrusion having: an attachment portion configured to couple with the object. 8. The mounting system of claim 7, wherein the attachment portion is a threaded section of the protrusion for threadingly engaging with the object. 9. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the structure is a roof and the object is a riser for a solar system. 10. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the adhesive is composed of a liquid thermal plastic for thermally fusing the mounting plate with the second membrane. 11. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the adhesive is composed of a polyvinyl chloride liquid material for thermally fusing the mounting plate to the second membrane. 12. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the adhesive is composed of a plastisol material for thermally fusing the mounting plate with the second membrane. 13. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the protrusion is oriented at 90 degrees relative to the top surface of the mounting plate. 14. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the bottom surface of the mounting plate is bonded to the first membrane. 15. A method to mount an object to a structure, comprising: covering a portion of the structure with a first membrane; bonding a second membrane to the first membrane; sandwiching a mounting plate between a top surface of the first membrane and a bottom surface of the second membrane; bonding the mounting plate to the bottom surface of the second membrane; extending a protrusion rigidly attached to the mounting plate through a hole extending from the bottom surface to the top surface of the second membrane; and mounting the object to the protrusion. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising: securing the mounting plate to the structure; wherein the securing the mounting plate to the structure is achieved with a fastener that extends through the first membrane and securely fastens to the support. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein the step of bonding the mounting plate to the second membrane is achieved through thermal fusion. 18. A method to securely fasten an object to a structure, comprising: sandwiching a mounting plate between a first membrane attached to the structure and a second membrane bonded to the first membrane; and attaching the object to the mounting plate via a protrusion attached to the mounting plate and extending through the second membrane. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising: thermally bonding the second membrane to the mounting plate. 20. The method of claim 18, further comprising: securely fastening the mounting plate to the structure. 