A method for protecting a thin-layer battery, including the steps of: periodically operating the battery at a forced discharge current, which is a function of temperature; and disconnecting the battery as soon as the voltage across it reaches a threshold, said threshold being greater than its critical voltage for a maximum discharge current under a maximum temperature.
Claims 1. A method for protecting a thin-layer battery, comprising the steps of: periodically operating the battery at a forced discharge current, which is a function of temperature; and disconnecting the battery as soon as the voltage thereacross reaches a threshold, said threshold being greater than a critical voltage of the battery for a maximum discharge current under a maximum temperature. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the forced discharge current increases when the temperature increases. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the periodic operation has a duty cycle smaller than 0.1%. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the duration of each phase of forced discharge current operation is shorter than 50 ms. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the period of the periodic operation is shorter than 10 minutes. 6. A device for protecting a thin-layer battery, comprising: a switchable load capable of periodically forcing the battery to operate at a forced discharge current, the forced discharge current being dependent on temperature; and a voltage comparator capable of comparing the voltage across the battery with a threshold, the threshold being greater than a critical voltage of the battery for a maximum discharge current under a maximum temperature. 7. The device of claim 6, wherein the switchable load is formed of a current source comprising at least one first resistive element with a negative temperature coefficient. 8. The device of claim 7, wherein the current source comprises: a first branch having a first bipolar transistor in series with a second resistive element; and a second branch having a second diode-assembled bipolar transistor, in series with a third resistive element, the second transistor being mirror-assembled on the first one and the first resistive element connecting the control terminals of the transistors to a terminal of application of a control signal. 9. The device of claim 7, wherein the comparator is a hysteresis comparator. 10. An electronic system comprising: a power source; a battery switchably coupled to the power source; a current sink switchably coupled to the battery and configured to sink from the battery a temperature-dependent current; a voltage comparator coupled to the battery and configured to compare a voltage output by the battery to a threshold voltage, the threshold voltage being derived from a critical voltage for a predetermined current discharge rate at a predetermined temperature; and a load switchably coupled to the battery. 11. The system of claim 10 wherein the battery is a thin-layer battery. 12. The system of claim 11 wherein the battery is a LiPON battery. 13. The system of claim 10 wherein the power comprises a source selected from the group consisting of solar generated power, wind generated power, heat collector generated power, vibration generated power, a battery recharge system, and an electrical distribution main. 14. The system of claim 10 wherein the load has a first operating mode wherein the load discharges the battery at a first current and a second operating mode wherein the load discharges the battery at a second, higher current. 15. The system of claim 14 wherein the first current is about 0.1 mA and the second current is about 5 mA. 16. The system of claim 10 further comprising a buffer capacitor configured to provide power to the load when the battery is discoupled from the load. 17. An electronic system comprising: a battery; means for coupling the battery to a power source; means for operating the battery in a forced current discharge mode, wherein the forced current discharge mode is temperature dependent; means for monitoring a battery voltage level; and means for disconnecting the battery when the battery voltage reaches a threshold, said threshold being greater than a critical voltage of the battery for a maximum discharge current determined at maximum temperature. 18. The system of claim 17 further comprising the power source. 19. The system of claim 17 further comprising a load coupled to the battery. 20. The system of claim 19 further comprising a buffer capacitor and means for coupling the buffer capacitor to the load. 21. The system of claim 17 further comprising means for controlling the means for coupling the battery to a power source. 