Various methods and apparatus are described for a photovoltaic system. In an embodiment, a method for performing auto-configuration of a concentrated photovoltaic (CPV) array installed in a solar site having multiple CPV arrays. The central backend management system sends auto-configuration files over the Internet to each of the two-axis tracking mechanisms installed at the solar site based upon the GPS coordinates of each of the two-axis tracking mechanisms and that two-axis tracking mechanism's relative position in the layout of the two-axis tracking mechanisms located at the solar site.
Claims 1. A concentrated photovoltaic (CPV) array management system, comprising: a plurality of concentrated photovoltaic (CPV) arrays located at a solar site, each of the CPV arrays is coupled with a different system control point (SCP) communicatively connected to a local area network (LAN) for that solar site, wherein a first CPV array is contained on a first two-axis tracker mechanism, wherein the two-axis tracker mechanism has a housing for a first SCP that also includes tracker motion control circuitry and electrical power generating circuitry that generates alternating current (AC) voltage output, wherein the first CPV array is associated with a first global positioning system (GPS) circuitry which is configured to provide position information of the first CPV array at the solar site, wherein the housing for the first SCP also includes built-in wireless communication circuitry, wherein at least the motion control, electrical power generation and GPS circuits associated with the first SCP are configured to communicate information about the first CPV array and two-axis tracker mechanism to a central backend management system over an Internet via a wireless router for the LAN located at the solar site, and wherein a second CPV array on a second two-axis tracker mechanism that has its own second SCP configured with built-in wireless communication circuitry, wherein at least a motion control, electrical power generation and GPS circuits associated with the second SCP are configured to communicate information about the second CPV array and two-axis tracker mechanism to the central backend management system over the Internet via the wireless LAN. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein communication between the first or the second SCP and the central backend management system is configured to use a secured communication channel, including a secured communication channel that uses Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) commands. 3. The system of claim 1, where the LAN communicates measured parameters common across the solar site, including direct normal incidence (DNI) and local weather, which are 1) detected by a local detector, 2) retrieved by a local device or 3) a combination of both, and then broadcast as internal solar site communications over the LAN to the different SCPs. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the first CPV array is associated with a local video camera mounted to survey the plurality of CPV arrays, a module configured to continuously monitor a local weather station relative to that solar site, and a solar power meter to measure an amount of DNI and broadcast updates of the measured amount of DNI and the time of that measurement, all of which are communicated over the LAN. 5. The system of claim 3, wherein the first SCP is configured to transmit (a) the position information coming from the GPS circuitry, (b) image information from a video camera monitoring the solar site, (c) local weather information from a weather station, (d) solar power information from a power meter on site, (e) tracker motion control information for each two-axis tracker mechanism, and (f) electrical power generating information from each of the plurality of CPV arrays to the central backend management system over the Internet via the wireless router. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the first SCP is associated with a power block which includes a power block radio assembly, the power block radio assembly including a power block access point coupled with a backhaul client, and wherein a first wireless communication connection is established between the built-in wireless communication circuitry of the first SCP and the power block access point to enable the first SCP to communicate with the central backend management system. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the solar site includes a backhaul radio assembly which includes a wireless router coupled with a backhaul access point, the wireless router coupled to the Internet, wherein a second wireless communication connection is established between the backhaul client of the power block radio assembly and the backhaul access point of the backhaul radio assembly to enable the first SCP to communicate with the central backend management system. 8. A method for performing auto-configuration of a concentrated photovoltaic (CPV) array installed in a solar site having multiple CPV arrays based upon the Global Positioning System coordinates of each of the CPV arrays, the method comprising: receiving Global Positioning System (GPS) information indicating a precise geographic position of a first two-axis tracker mechanism over a wireless communication network to a wireless router located at the solar site and then over the Internet to a central backend management system, wherein the GPS information is generated by a global position system (GPS) circuitry built into the first two-axis tracker mechanism, wherein a first CPV array is contained on the first two-axis tracker mechanism; receiving along with the GPS information, serial number information from the first two-axis tracker mechanism, the serial number information being unique to one or more of the components that are part of a two-axis tracker mechanism when the component is manufactured; receiving GPS information indicating a precise geographic position of a second two-axis tracker mechanism, in a set of CPV arrays at the solar site that contains the first and second two-axis tracker mechanisms, over the wireless communication network to the wireless router located at the solar site and then over the Internet to the central backend management system, wherein a second CPV array is contained in the second two-axis tracker mechanism; receiving along with the GPS information, serial number information from the second two-axis tracker mechanism, the serial number information being unique to one or more of the components that are part of a given two-axis tracker mechanism when the component is manufactured; identifying by the central backend management system each CPV array's geographical position in the set of arrays at the site relative to other CPV arrays located at that solar site by a Latitude and a Longitude being transmitted from the GPS circuitry built into that two-axis tracking mechanism; and sending auto-configuration files over the Internet by the central backend management system to the two-axis tracking mechanisms installed at the solar site based upon the GPS coordinates of each of the two-axis tracking mechanisms and that two-axis tracking mechanism's relative position in the layout of the two-axis tracking mechanisms located at the solar site. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising: receiving status and diagnostic information over the Internet from the electronic circuits on the two-axis tracking mechanism and using any combination of the serial number and the GPS coordinates from that two-axis tracker mechanism as the identifier for which two-axis tracker mechanism is sending that information. 10. The method of claim 8, where the central backend management system performs two mappings: 1) using the Latitude and the Longitude information to identify each CPV array's geographical position in the set of arrays at the site relative to other CPV arrays located at that solar site; and 2) storing and recording in the database the serial number and the GPS coordinates from each two-axis tracker mechanism at the solar site to use any combination of the serial number and the GPS coordinates from a given two-axis tracker mechanism as identifiers for which two-axis tracker mechanism is sending a communication. 11. The method of claim 10, further comprising: identifying a System Control Point and the associated CPV array based on the GPS information and the serial number information of the SCP and based on information stored in the database associated with the central backend management system; and wherein the database associated with the central backend management system is configured to store information about all SCPs and their associated CPV arrays as installed at the solar site. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the information about all of the SCPs and their associated CPV arrays includes information assigned by their manufacturers. 13. The method of claim 9, wherein the status and diagnostic information includes information from the SCP, its associated CPV array and information of components of the CPV array, and wherein the status and diagnostic information is exchanged using Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS). 14. An apparatus, comprising: a wireless Local Area Network for multiple concentrated photovoltaic arrays at a solar site, where each concentrated photovoltaic array has a housing with wireless circuitry inside that is configured to communicate over the Internet with a central backend management system. 15. A solar system, comprising: a wireless local area network (LAN) configured to enable information related to solar devices at a remote solar site to be transmitted to a central backend management system via an Internet, the solar devices connected to the wireless LAN and including a plurality of system control points (SCPs), wherein each of the SCPs is associated with a concentrated photovoltaic (CPV) array from a plurality of CPV arrays, wherein each of the SCPs is configured with built-in wireless communication circuitry and built-in global positioning system (GPS) circuitry, and wherein the information related to the solar devices includes information related to the SCPs and their associated CPV arrays, and wherein the information related to the solar devices is transmitted from the wireless LAN to the central backend management system using Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) POST commands and wireless communication via the built-in wireless communication circuitry of the SCPs, a power block radio assembly and a wireless router coupled to the Internet. 16. The solar system of claim 15, wherein the solar devices further includes a camera, a weather station, and a power meter, all connected to the wireless LAN, and wherein the information related to the solar devices includes image information captured by the camera, weather information gathered by the weather station, and power output information of the plurality of CPV arrays as measured by the power meter. 17. The solar system of claim 16, wherein each of the plurality of the CPV arrays is contained in a multiple-axis tracker mechanism that generates alternating current (AC) voltage output, wherein the two-axis tracker mechanism includes tracker motion control circuitry and electrical power generating circuitry. 18. The solar system of claim 17, wherein the information related to the solar devices includes motion control information associated with the tracker motion control circuitry and electrical power generating information associated with the electrical power generating circuitry. 19. The solar system of claim 15, wherein the information related to the solar devices is transmitted from the power block radio assembly to a backhaul radio assembly, wherein the backhaul radio assembly includes a backhaul access point and the wireless router. 20. The solar system of claim 19, wherein the power block radio assembly includes a power block access point and a backhaul client, wherein the backhaul client of the power block access point is coupled with the backhaul access point of the backhaul radio assembly to enable the information related to the solar devices to be transmitted to the central backend management system using the wireless communication. 