A glass composition according to the present invention comprises: phosphorus, vanadium and at least one transition metal selected from a group consisting of tungsten, iron, and manganese, the glass composition not containing substances included in the JIG level A and B lists, a softening point of the glass composition being 550.degree. C. or lower.
Claims 1. A glass composition, comprising: phosphorus, vanadium and at least one transition metal selected from a group consisting of tungsten, iron, and manganese, the glass composition not containing substances included in the JIG level A and B lists, a softening point of the glass composition being 550.degree. C. or lower. 2. A glass composition, comprising phosphorus and transition metals, the transition metals including: vanadium; and iron and/or manganese, the glass composition not containing substances included in the JIG level A and B lists, wherein: the phosphorus (P), the vanadium (V), the iron (Fe) and the manganese (Mn) are on the oxide basis in the form of P.sub.2O.sub.5, V.sub.2O.sub.5, Fe.sub.2O.sub.3 and MnO.sub.2, respectively; numerical values of mass percentages of the P.sub.2O.sub.5, the V.sub.2O.sub.5, the Fe.sub.2O.sub.3 and the MnO.sub.2 satisfy the equation (1) below; and a total mass percentage of the Fe.sub.2O.sub.3 and the MnO.sub.2 is within a range from 5 to 15 mass %. 3 .times. [ V 2 O 5 ] [ P 2 O 5 ] < [ Fe 2 O 3 ] + [ MnO 2 ] Equation ( 1 ) ##EQU00002## 3. A glass composition, comprising, on average and on the oxide basis: 25 to 60 mass % of V.sub.2O.sub.5 (vanadium pentoxide); 12 to 30 mass % of P.sub.2O.sub.5 (phosphorus pentoxide); 0 to 15 mass % of Fe.sub.2O.sub.3 (ferric oxide); 0 to 15 mass % of MnO.sub.2 (manganese dioxide); 0 to 40 mass % of WO.sub.3 (tungsten trioxide); 0 to 30 mass % of BaO (barium oxide); and 0 to 20 mass % of ZnO (zinc oxide), the glass composition not containing substances included in the JIG level A and B lists, wherein: a total content of the Fe.sub.2O.sub.3 and the MnO.sub.2 is within a range from 5 to 15 mass %; and a total content of the BaO and the ZnO is within a range from 0 to 30 mass %. 4. An electrically conductive paste composition, comprising: the glass composition according to claim 1; a metal powder; and a vehicle. 5. The electrically conductive paste composition according to claim 4, wherein the metal powder is silver, copper, aluminum, or an alloy containing one of these metals as a major constituent. 6. An electrically conductive paste composition, comprising: the glass composition according to claim 2; a metal powder; and a vehicle. 7. The electrically conductive paste composition according to claim 6, wherein the metal powder is silver, copper, aluminum, or an alloy containing one of these metals as a major constituent. 8. An electrically conductive paste composition, comprising: the glass composition according to claim 3; a metal powder; and a vehicle. 9. The electrically conductive paste composition according to claim 8, wherein the metal powder is silver, copper, aluminum, or an alloy containing one of these metals as a major constituent. 10. An electrode/wiring member, including: the glass composition according to claim 1; and a metal powder. 11. The electrode/wiring member according to claim 10, wherein the metal powder is silver, copper, aluminum, or an alloy containing one of these metals as a major constituent. 12. An electrode/wiring member, including: the glass composition according to claim 2; and a metal powder. 13. The electrode/wiring member according to claim 12, wherein the metal powder is silver, copper, aluminum, or an alloy containing one of these metals as a major constituent. 14. An electrode/wiring member, including: the glass composition according to claim 3; and a metal powder. 15. The electrode/wiring member according to claim 14, wherein the metal powder is silver, copper, aluminum, or an alloy containing one of these metals as a major constituent. 16. An electronic component, comprising an electrode/wiring member, the electrode/wiring member including: a metal powder; and a glass phase made from the glass composition according to claim 1. 17. The electronic component according to claim 16, wherein the electronic component is a display device, a solar cell panel, or a ceramic mounting board. 18. An electronic component, comprising an electrode/wiring member, the electrode/wiring member including: a metal powder; and a glass phase made from the glass composition according to claim 2. 19. The electronic component according to claim 18, wherein the electronic component is a display device, a solar cell panel, or a ceramic mounting board. 20. An electronic component, comprising an electrode/wiring member, the electrode/wiring member including: a metal powder; and a glass phase made from the glass composition according to claim 3. 21. The electronic component according to claim 20, wherein the electronic component is a display device, a solar cell panel, or a ceramic mounting board. 