A dimension solar panel including a plurality of solar cells that are arranged in a spacing. The solar panel has a convex configuration so that the solar panel comprises at least 10 percent more solar cells than a flat solar panel with a plurality of solar cells that are arranged in the spacing.
Claims 1. A dimensional solar panel comprising a plurality of solar cells that are arranged in a spacing, wherein the solar panel has a convex configuration so that the solar panel comprises at least 10 percent more solar cells than a flat solar panel with a plurality of solar cells that are arranged in the spacing. 2. The dimensional solar panel of claim 1, wherein the solar panel comprises about 30 percent more solar cells than the flat solar panel. 3. The dimensional solar panel of claim 1, wherein the solar cells comprise at least one of the following configurations flexible photovoltaic, monocrystalline or single crystal silicon, multicrystalline silicon, polycrystalline silicon, amorphous silicon, cast cell components and thin film or printed plastic elements. 4. The dimensional solar panel of claim 1, wherein the solar panel comprises a central panel region and two side panel regions, wherein the central panel region and the two side panel regions are each substantially flat, wherein side panel regions are located on opposite edges of the central panel region and wherein the central panel region and the two side panel regions are arranged in a convex configuration. 5. The dimensional solar panel of claim 1, wherein the dimensional solar panel includes a plurality of convex regions. 6. The dimensional solar panel of claim 1, wherein the dimensional solar panel further includes a plurality of concave regions and wherein the convex regions and the concave regions are placed in an alternating relationship so that the dimensional solar panel has an oscillating wave configuration. 7. The dimensional solar panel of claim 1, and further comprising a cover material that substantially covers an upper surface thereof. 8. The dimensional solar panel of claim 7, wherein the cover material is fabricated from a material that is more durable than the solar cells. 9. The dimensional solar panel of claim 7, wherein an upper surface of the cover material is substantially flat. 10. The dimensional solar panel of claim 1, and further comprising a mounting assembly that mounts the dimensional solar panel with respect to a ground surface, wherein the mounting assembly allows the dimensional solar panel to be moved in more than one degree of motion with respect to the ground surface. 11. A solar energy generation system comprising a plurality of the solar panels of claim 1 that are arranged in an array having a plurality of rows and a plurality of columns. 12. The solar energy generation system of claim 11, wherein the solar panels in the array at least partially overlap. 13. A dimensional solar panel comprising a plurality of solar cells mounted on a support, wherein the support has a convex configuration so that the dimensional solar panel has at least 10 percent more solar cells than a flat solar panel having a width and a length that are approximately the same as a length and a width of the dimensional solar panel. 14. The dimensional solar panel of claim 13, wherein the solar panel comprises about 30 percent more solar cells than the flat solar panel. 15. The dimensional solar panel of claim 13, wherein the solar cells comprise at least one of the following configurations flexible photovoltaic, monocrystalline or single crystal silicon, multicrystalline silicon, polycrystalline silicon, amorphous silicon, cast cell components and thin film or printed plastic elements. 16. The dimensional solar panel of claim 13, wherein the solar panel comprises a central panel region and two side panel regions, wherein the central panel region and the two side panel regions are each substantially flat, wherein side panel regions are located on opposite edges of the central panel region and wherein the central panel region and the two side panel regions are arranged in a convex configuration. 17. The dimensional solar panel of claim 13, wherein the dimensional solar panel includes a plurality of convex regions and a plurality of concave regions, wherein the convex regions and the concave regions are placed in an alternating relationship so that the dimensional solar panel has an oscillating wave configuration. 18. The dimensional solar panel of claim 13, and further comprising a cover material that substantially covers an upper surface thereof, wherein the cover material is fabricated from a material that is more durable than the solar cells and wherein an upper surface of the cover material is substantially flat. 19. A solar energy generation system comprising a plurality of the solar panels of claim 13 that are arranged in an array having a plurality of rows and a plurality of columns. 20. The solar energy generation system of claim 19, wherein the solar panels in the array at least partially overlap. 