An aircraft ground control system that moves an aircraft on the ground between landing and take off without external mechanical assistance from airport tugs or tow vehicles or reliance on thrust produced by the aircraft's engines is provided. The aircraft ground control system interfaces only with an aircraft auxiliary power unit or other aircraft power supply, but otherwise operates independently of aircraft systems. A system integrator and controller links cockpit controls designed to actuate the transmission of power to system components and to activate system components only under predetermined conditions with selectively activatable drivers in driving connection with one or more aircraft wheels to move the aircraft on the ground at selected torques and speeds.
Claims 1. A ground movement control system that operationally integrates independently of aircraft systems a plurality of internal and external aircraft components to control the ground movement of an aircraft with at least one nose or main wheel capable of being powered to move the aircraft on the ground, a source of power, and a cockpit controls array, wherein said ground movement control system includes among the plurality of internal and external aircraft components a. drive means drivingly mounted in connection with one or more of said aircraft wheels for driving said one or more wheels at a selected torque and speed; b. drive means control means in said cockpit controls array for directing the drive means to operate at a selected torque and in a selected forward or reverse direction; c. power distribution means connected with said source of power for providing power to said drive means and said drive means control means during operation of said ground movement control system; and d. system integrator and controller means operatively connected with said drive means, said drive means control means, and said power distribution means for interfacing with said drive means, said drive means control means, and said power distribution means to selectively actuate or deactuate each of said drive means, said drive means control means, and said power distribution means as required to move the aircraft independently on the ground at said selected speed and torque. 2. The aircraft ground movement control system described in claim 1, wherein said drive means includes wheel driver assembly means controllably interfaced with said drive means control means and powerably connected with said power distribution means. 3. The aircraft ground movement control system described in claim 2, wherein said wheel driver assembly means includes electric driver means drivingly connected to said one or more aircraft wheels for rotating said one or more wheels at a selected torque or in a selected direction. 4. The aircraft ground movement control system described in claim 3, wherein said wheel driver assembly means includes controllable locking means movable between a first unlocked position for activating said drive means and a second locked position for deactivating said drive means, said locking means being controllable in response to a selected signal. 5. The aircraft ground movement system described in claim 3, wherein said electric driver means is selected from the group consisting of high phase order electric motors and geared electric motors. 6. The aircraft ground movement control system described in claim 1, wherein said drive means control means includes a drive means actuating means operatively connected with said drive means and correspondingly movable to produce said selected torque and said selected direction in said one or more wheels, causing said one or more wheels to move at said selected torque and in said selected direction. 7. The aircraft ground movement control system described in claim 1, wherein said drive means control means includes power switch means for directing power from said aircraft power source to said power distribution means and said system integrator and controller means. 8. The aircraft ground movement control system described in claim 7, wherein said switch means is movable between a plurality of power level settings corresponding to which of selected components of said ground movement control system are to be powered. 9. The aircraft ground movement control system described in claim 8, wherein said plurality of power level settings includes at least an "off" setting, wherein no power is supplied to any of the ground movement control system components, at least an "on" setting, wherein power is supplied to at least said power distribution means and said drive means, and at least an intermediate setting, wherein power is supplied to said power distribution means for distribution only to selected components of said system integrator and controller means. 10. The aircraft ground movement control system described in claim 1, wherein said power distribution means is operative to selectively provide AC power or DC power to selected components of said aircraft ground movement control system. 11. The aircraft ground movement control system described in claim 10, wherein AC power is provided to said drive means and DC power is provided to said drive means control means. 12. The aircraft ground movement control system described in claim 1, wherein said system integrator and controller means includes external interface means for interfacing between said ground movement control system and an aircraft power distribution system and internal interface means for interfacing between said system integrator and controller means and said ground movement system components. 13. The aircraft ground movement control system described in claim 12, wherein said external interface means routes AC power through said drive means and DC power through said drive means control means. 14. The aircraft ground movement control system described in claim 12, wherein said internal interface means directs power flow to and performs reciprocal communication and control functions, monitoring and signaling functions, and detection and logging functions with the components of said ground movement control system. 15. The aircraft ground movement control system described in claim 1, wherein said one or more wheels comprise nose wheels. 16. The aircraft ground movement control system described in claim 1, wherein said source of power is selected from the group of power sources consisting of the aircraft auxiliary power unit, batteries, fuel cells, solar power, devices provided under the name POWERCHIPS.TM., burn boxes, and the aircraft's engines. 17. The aircraft ground movement control system described in claim 1, wherein said ground movement control system further includes failsafe operation control means for limiting or preventing operation of said ground movement control system when selected conditions indicate that operation of said ground movement control system is not safe. 18. Cockpit controls for the aircraft ground movement control system described in claim 1, wherein said cockpit controls comprise pilot input means linearly scaled to correspond to said one or more wheels desired torque for directing said drive means to move said one or more wheels at said desired torque and lock means for releasably engaging said thumbwheel means at a desired torque setting. 19. Cockpit controls as described in claim 18, wherein said pilot input means comprises an input device selected from the group including thumbwheels, joysticks, track pads, roller balls, switches, dials, potentiometers, touch screens, keyboards, toggles, wheels, levers, and voice-activated devices. 20. Cockpit controls as described in claim 18, further including guarded switch means movable between selected power settings to control a level of power directed to said drive means and said system integrator and controller means. 21. Cockpit controls as described in claim 18, further including indicator means for communicating information about the functional status of the ground control system. 22. A ground movement control system for directing the ground navigation of an aircraft between landing and take off without assistance from external mechanical vehicles or reliance on thrust generated by the aircraft's main engines, wherein said ground movement control system includes at least one self-propelled drive wheel controllably driven on the ground by a driver operated by a drive control system at a predetermined selected optimum speed and torque, and said drive control system is actuatable to drive said drive wheel only when the drive wheel is in contact with the ground. 23. The ground movement control system described in claim 22, wherein said drive control system includes lock means controllable to be movable between a disengaged position and an engaged position to activate or deactivate the driver, thereby causing self-propelled movement or stopping self-propelled movement of said drive wheel. 24. The ground movement control system described in claim 23, wherein said lock means is actuated between an unlocked condition wherein said driver is activated and a locked condition wherein the driver is deactivated by solenoid means in powered communication with said drive control system and said lock means. 25. The ground movement control system described in claim 24, wherein said drive control system includes cockpit control means controllable manually or automatically to cause said driver to be activated or deactivated. 26. An aircraft ground movement control system for installation on an aircraft with at least one nose wheel, an auxiliary power unit, and a cockpit controls array to move the aircraft on the ground between landing and take off without external assistance or reliance on the aircraft's main engines, wherein the ground movement control system includes an electric motor driver drivingly mounted in connection with said nose wheel to drive said nose wheel only when the nose wheel is in contact with the ground; and the cockpit controls array includes a pilot input device to controllably direct power from the aircraft auxiliary power unit to the driver when said ground movement control system indicates that operation of the driver to drive the nose wheel is safe. 