An optimized building integrated hybrid roofing system is disclosed. The system comprises a plurality of metal battens having a longitudinal channel mounted horizontally onto a plurality of wooden battens, a plurality of solar electric roof tiles mounted on the metal battens and connected in series to form a string, a thermal tubing/heat pipe mounted along the longitudinal channel, at least one manifold containing liquid connected with the thermal tubing/heat pipe, an inverter connected to each string, heat exchangers connected to the thermal tubing/heat pipe, and a pump connected between the thermal tubing/heat pipe and the heat exchangers. The solar electric roof tiles generate DC from solar energy and the inverter converts the DC to AC to feed to a utility grid. The metal battens collect solar energy and converts into thermal energy resulting in producing hot water.
Claims 1. An optimized building integrated hybrid roofing system, comprising: a plurality of metal battens mounted horizontally onto a plurality of wooden battens that mounted vertically across a roof, each of the plurality of metal battens including a longitudinal channel that extends in a longitudinal direction on a pair of opposing sides thereof; at least one manifold containing liquid mounted on one side of the roof; connected with each of the thermal tubing/heat pipe; a thermal tubing/heat pipe extending on the longitudinal channels, the thermal tubing/heat pipe being mounted to each of the plurality of metal battens and connected onto the at least one manifold; a plurality of solar electric roof tiles mounted on the plurality of metal battens, each of the plurality of solar electric roof tiles connected in series to form a string; a photovoltaic module attached to the plurality of solar electric roof tile; an inverter connected to each string for converting DC electricity that fed from the plurality of solar electric roof tiles to AC electricity; a plurality of heat exchangers connected to the thermal tubing/heat pipe; and a pump connected between the thermal tubing/heat pipe and the plurality of heat exchangers for circulating the liquid through the at least one manifold; whereby the thermal tubing/heat pipe sandwiched between the plurality of solar electric roof tiles optimizes the capturing of the solar energy as well as minimizes the lose of thermal energy in winter months. 2. The optimized building integrated hybrid roofing system of claim 1 wherein the system includes a ground system. 3. The optimized building integrated hybrid roofing system of claim 1 wherein the system further optimize heat transfer on the roof by horizontally embedding the thermal tubing/heat pipe at an overlapping part of the solar electric roof tiles instead of the plurality of metal battens. 4. The optimized building integrated hybrid roofing system of claim 1 wherein the plurality of solar roof tiles be a building integrated photovoltaic roof tile having a solar module that glued to an eternit tile. 5. The optimized building integrated hybrid roofing system of claim 1 wherein each of the plurality of solar roof tiles is mounted on the plurality of metal batten using a storm anchor hook which is hammered into a hole provided in each of the plurality of metal battens. 6. The optimized building integrated hybrid roofing system of claim 1 wherein the plurality of solar roof tiles generates DC electricity as the solar energy hits a surface of the plurality of solar roof tiles. 7. The optimized building integrated hybrid roofing system of claim 1 wherein the inverter converts the DC electricity to AC electricity and feeds to a utility grid. 8. The optimized building integrated hybrid roofing system of claim 1 wherein the plurality of metal battens collects the solar energy and converts into thermal energy through running the liquid in the at least one manifold throughout the roof. 9. The optimized building integrated hybrid roofing system of claim 8 wherein the thermal energy is extracted to the heat exchanger resulting in heating up the domestic water supply and providing domestic hot water. 10. The optimized building integrated hybrid roofing system of claim 8 wherein as the thermal energy is extracted to the heat exchanger, the plurality of solar electric roof tiles is cooled thereby making the plurality of solar electric roof tiles operate at high efficiency in converting the solar energy to DC electricity. 11. A method of mounting an optimized building integrated hybrid roofing system, comprising: a. mounting a plurality of metal battens horizontally onto a plurality of wooden battens that is mounted vertically across a roof, each of the plurality of metal battens includes a longitudinal channel that extends in a longitudinal direction on a pair of opposing sides thereof; b. mounting at least one manifold on one 5 side of the roof; c. mounting a thermal tubing/heat pipe to each of the plurality of metal battens by extending along the longitudinal channels and connected onto the at least one manifold; d. mounting a first row of a plurality of solar electric roof tiles on the plurality of metal battens using a storm anchor hook which is hammered into a hole provided in each of the plurality of metal battens; e. placing a second row of the plurality of solar electric roof tiles overlapping with the first row of the plurality of solar electric roof tiles; f. connecting each of the plurality of solar electric roof tiles in series to form a string; g. connecting an inverter to each string for converting the DC electricity that fed from the plurality of solar electric roof tiles to AC electricity; h. connecting a plurality of heat exchangers to the thermal tubing/heat pipe for extracting the thermal energy; i. connecting at least one heat exchanger to a heat pump to handle the HVAC; j. connecting the heat pump between the at least one manifold and the at least one heat exchanger for circulating the liquid running through the at least one manifold; and k. connecting a photovoltaic module attached to the plurality of solar electric roof tile. 12. The method of claim 11 wherein the plurality of solar electric roof tiles is a building integrated photovoltaic roof tile having a solar module that glued to an eternit tile. 13. The method of claim 11 wherein the plurality of solar electric roof tiles generates the DC electricity as the solar energy hits a surface of the plurality of solar electric roof tiles. 14. The method of claim 11 wherein the thermal tubing/heat pipe is embedded horizontally at an overlapping part of the solar electric roof tiles instead of the plurality of metal battens to further optimize heat transfer on the roof. 15. The method of claim 11 wherein the thermal energy is extracted to the heat exchanger resulting in heating up the domestic water supply and providing domestic hot water. 16. The method of claim 11 wherein as the thermal energy is extracted to the heat exchanger, the plurality of solar electric roof tiles is cooled thereby making the plurality of solar electric roof tiles operate at high efficiency in converting the solar energy to DC electricity. 