A monitoring device includes a positioning device for determining the position of the device, and an analyzing device for measuring and analyzing substances and/or energy in environmental media.
Claims 1. A monitoring device comprising: a positioning device which determines the position of the monitoring device; and an analyzing device which measures and analyzes substances or energy in environmental media. 2. The monitoring device according to claim 1, wherein: the environmental media are selected from the group consisting of air, water, soil and biologic media; the substances are chemical substances; and the energy is one of kinetic energy, thermal energy and electromagnetic energy. 3. The monitoring device according to claim 1, further comprising: a memory for storing position data and the analyzed environmental data; and a transmitting device which retrieves the stored position data and the analyzed environmental data from the storing in accordance with a setting command, and transmits the retrieved data. 4. The monitoring device according to claim 3, wherein the setting command provides that the retrieved data are transmitted if a predefined reporting period has passed. 5. The monitoring device according to claim 3, wherein the setting command provides that the retrieved data must be transmitted if an environmental parameter of the analyzed environmental data passes a given threshold. 6. The monitoring device according to claim 1, wherein the positioning means comprises a GPS receiver. 7. The monitoring device according to claim 3, wherein the transmitting device transmits a terminal identifier. 8. The monitoring device according to claim 3, wherein the transmitting device immediately retrieves most recently stored position data and most recently stored analyzed environmental data from the memory and transmits the retrieved data. 9. The monitoring device according to claim 7, wherein the transmitting device transmits the terminal identifier, the position data and the analyzed environmental data to a satellite of a satellite system which is capable of relaying communications between the monitoring device and a base station. 10. The monitoring device according to claim 9, wherein the satellite system is one of IRIDIUM system and Skynet. 11. The monitoring device according to claim 1, further comprising a rechargeable power source. 12. The monitoring device according to claim 11, further comprising a solar panel configured to recharge the power source. 13. The monitoring device according to claim 7, further comprising encrypting device for encrypting the terminal identifier, the position data or the analyzed environmental data before transmission. 14. The monitoring device according to claim 13, wherein the encryption device encrypts the data according to the Advanced Encryption Standard. 15. The monitoring device according to claim 1, wherein a device which receives a request from a satellite and, in response to receipt of the request, transmits the terminal identifier, position data, and the analyzed environmental data. 16. The monitoring device according to claim 1, further comprising means for receiving a setting command from a satellite, wherein a main controller sets a periodicity of the transmission based on the setting command. 17. The monitoring device according to claim 1, further comprising means for receiving from a satellite a message and display means for displaying the message. 18. The monitoring device according to claim 11, further comprising means for monitoring the output of the power source, wherein the periodicity of the transmission is set dependent on the output of the power source. 19. The monitoring device according to claim 18, wherein, if the output of the power source is low, a time interval between transmissions is increased. 20. The monitoring device according to claim 3, further comprising means for comparing position data determined at intervals, wherein the periodicity of the transmission is set dependent on a change in the position data or the analyzed environmental data. 21. The monitoring device according to claim 20, wherein, if the device is determined to be moving by comparison of the position data, a time interval between transmissions is decreased. 22. A monitoring system comprising: a monitoring device according to claim 1; a base station comprising receiving means receiving terminal identifier, position data and analyzed environmental data from a satellite; and contact means for contacting a first responder. 23. The monitoring system according to claim 22, wherein the contact means contacts the first responder by telephone or email. 24. The monitoring system according to claim 22, wherein the contact means stores details of a plurality of responders and, if no response is received from the first responder, the contact means contacts a second responder. 25. The monitoring system according to claim 22, wherein the base station comprises a decryption device for decrypting received terminal identifier, position data and analyzed environmental data. 26. The monitoring system according to claim 22, wherein: the base station comprises means for transmitting a setting command to the monitoring device via a satellite; and the main controller sets the periodicity of the transmission based on the setting command. 27. The monitoring system according to claim 22, wherein: the base station comprises means for transmitting a request to the monitoring device via a satellite; and in response to receipt of the request, the monitoring device transmits the terminal identifier, position data and analyzed environmental data. 