A method of installing a pressing block suit of a solar panel to a mounting body, in the method, a pressing block suit of the solar panel is adhered to the mounting body with an adhesive directly. The processes of the method is easy and convenient, the cost of installing is reduced.
Claims 1. A method of installing a pressing block suit of a solar panel to a mounting body, comprising following steps: (1) depending on a specific circumstance of said mounting body, determining an installing number of said pressing block suit and an installing position of each pressing block suit that are on said mounting body, wherein said pressing block suit has a bottom adhering surface for adhering to said mounting body and at least one pressing block nip which is adjustable for embedding and fixing an edge of said solar panel into said pressing block nip; (2) cleaning an installing position of said mounting body, wherein an cleaning area is equal to or slightly bigger than an area of said bottom adhering surface of said pressing block suit; (3) adhering said pressing block suit to a corresponding installing position with an adhesive; and (4) sealing a commissure between said mounting body and said pressing block suit. 2. The method as recited in claim 1, wherein said adhesive is a two-component epoxy resin. 3. The method as recited in claim 1, wherein said adhesive is a polyurethane resin. 4. The method as recited in claim 1, wherein said adhesive is a two-component acrylic resin. 5. The method as recited in claim 1, wherein a certain distance is between said pressing block nip of said pressing block suit and said bottom adhering surface for said solar panel installed in said pressing block nip to dissipate heat. 6. The method as recited in claim 2, wherein a certain distance is between said pressing block nip of said pressing block suit and said bottom adhering surface for said solar panel installed in said pressing block nip to dissipate heat. 7. The method as recited in claim 3, wherein a certain distance is between said pressing block nip of said pressing block suit and said bottom adhering surface for said solar panel installed in said pressing block nip to dissipate heat. 8. The method as recited in claim 4, wherein a certain distance is between said pressing block nip of said pressing block suit and said bottom adhering surface for said solar panel installed in said pressing block nip to dissipate heat. 9. The method as recited in claim 5, wherein said bottom adhering surface of said pressing block suit is made of a of metal material. 10. The method as recited in claim 5, wherein said pressing block suit comprises a base, wherein said bottom adhering surface is set on said base, and a pressing block which has a pressing block nip that is adjustable for embedding and fixing an edge of said solar panel into said pressing block nip, wherein said base has a certain height, in such a manner that a certain distance is between said pressing block nip and said bottom adhering surface, which is good for said solar panel installed in said pressing block nip to dissipate heat. 11. The method as recited in claim 6, wherein said pressing block suit comprises a base, wherein said bottom adhering surface is set on said base, and a pressing block which has a pressing block nip that is adjustable for embedding and fixing an edge of said solar panel into said pressing block nip, wherein said base has a certain height, in such a manner that a certain distance is between said pressing block nip and said bottom adhering surface, which is good for said solar panel installed in said pressing block nip to dissipate heat. 12. The method as recited in claim 10, wherein said pressing block suit further comprises a plurality of shims, said shims have a certain thickness, said shims are set between said pressing block and said base for adjusting said distance between said pressing block and said base to adjust a distance between said pressing block nip and said mounting body, so as to make said pressing block nips which is used to install and fix said solar panel in a same plane. 13. The method as recited in claim 12, wherein said base has a guiding groove, said guiding groove has a certain length, said pressing block can adjust its installing position within a limit of the length of said guiding groove. 14. The method as recited in claim 12, wherein a shape of said bottom adhering surface matches a raised shape of said mounting body, during installing, said bottom adhering surface fits said raised part of said mounting body for fixing and adhering. 15. The method as recited in claim 12, wherein said bottom adhering surface of said base is a locking groove, a shape of said locking groove matches with said raised shape of said mounting body, during installing, said locking groove locks said raised part of said mounting body to fix. 16. The method as recited in claim 5, wherein said pressing block suit comprises a pressing block and a sunk screw which penetrates into said pressing block from bottom to top, a head of said sunk screw and a bottom surface of said pressing block form a bottom adhering surface, said bottom adhering surface adheres to said mounting body, said pressing block has a pressing block nip which is adjustable for embedding and fixing an edge of said solar panel into said pressing block nip. 17. The method as recited in claim 6, wherein said pressing block suit comprises a pressing block and a sunk screw which penetrates into said pressing block from bottom to top, a head of said sunk screw and a bottom surface of said pressing block form a bottom adhering surface, said bottom adhering surface adheres to said mounting body, said pressing block has a pressing block nip which is adjustable for embedding and fixing an edge of said solar panel into said pressing block nip. 18. The method as recited in claim 5, wherein said pressing block suit is a pressing block, said bottom adhering surface is set on said pressing block for adhere said pressing block to said mounting body, said pressing block has a pressing block nip which is adjustable, a certain distance is between said pressing block nip and said bottom adhering surface. 19. The method as recited in claim 6, wherein said pressing block suit is a pressing block, said bottom adhering surface is set on said pressing block for adhere said pressing block to said mounting body, said pressing block has a pressing block nip which is adjustable, a certain distance is between said pressing block nip and said bottom adhering surface. 20. The method as recited in claim 5, wherein said sealing is painting a layer of lacquer or silica gel to a commissure between the mounting body and the pressing block suit. 