The invention relates to an autonomous stratospheric aircraft which is lighter than air, and to a method for providing radio and optical communication, television broadcasting and monitoring with the aid of communication equipment arranged on the aircraft. The present invention can be used for producing lighter-than-air aircraft as well as global and regional communication and television broadcasting and multi-aspect monitoring systems and networks.
Claims 1. An autonomous stratospheric aircraft being lighter than air for providing radio and optical communication, television broadcasting and monitoring; said aircraft comprises: engines; communication equipment used for radio and optical communication, television broadcasting and monitoring, said communication equipment is mounted onboard of the aircraft; a solar panel supplying power for the engines and the communication equipment of said aircraft during the daytime; and fuel cells and/or electric accumulative batteries, supplying power for the engines and the communication equipment during the nighttime; wherein: said aircraft employs said engines for spatial stabilization; said aircraft is not bound to the earth surface by any mechanical means; and said aircraft is stationary disposed in a predetermined low layer of the earth atmosphere. 2. The autonomous stratospheric aircraft according to claim 1, wherein said aircraft is stationary disposed at least 18 kilometers above the earth surface. 3. The autonomous stratospheric aircraft according to claim 1, wherein said aircraft employs an astronavigation system arranged thereon for determination of a stationary position of said aircraft. 4. The autonomous stratospheric aircraft according to claim 1, wherein natural and artificial landmarks on the earth surface are used for determination of a stationary position of said aircraft. 5. The autonomous stratospheric aircraft according to claim 1, wherein positioning signals received from artificial satellites are used for determination of a stationary position of said aircraft. 6. The autonomous stratospheric aircraft according to claim 1, wherein optical and/or electrical communication channels are used for control thereof; said aircraft is capable of landing on the earth surface, or of coupling to special constructions located on the earth surface, or coupling to other analogous aircraft for maintenance and modernization. 7. The autonomous stratospheric aircraft according to claim 1, wherein said aircraft has a double-chamber shell consisting of an outer chamber filled with helium and an inner chamber filled with hydrogen. 8. A method for providing radio and optical communication, television broadcasting and monitoring by means of the aircraft according to claim 1, said method comprising the steps of: stationary placing said aircraft in a predetermined low layer of the earth atmosphere; using said engines for spatial orientation of said aircraft; supplying electric power to said engines and said communication equipment from said solar panel during the daytime; supplying electric power to said engines and said communication equipment from said fuel cells and/or said electric accumulative batteries during the nighttime; thereby enabling said communication equipment for providing the radio and optical communication, television broadcasting and monitoring. 9. The method according to claim 8, wherein, for providing the radio and optical communication, television broadcasting and monitoring, said communication equipment transmits signals, and, the transmitted signals include information for determining the location of recipients receiving said transmitted signals. 10. The use of the aircraft according to claim 1 for surveillance of transportation means for the purposes of: arrangement of logistics thereof; prevention of theft, or illegal possession, or illegal use thereof; prevention of hiding the transportation means in case of illegal possession thereof. 11. The use of the aircraft according to claim 1 for monitoring the observation of road rules and regulations by drivers of motor vehicles, and for monitoring traffic congestions and accidents. 12. The use of the aircraft according to claim 10, wherein said aircraft is furnished with tracking equipment mounted on the aircraft, said tracking equipment has a predetermined frequency diapason, and said transportation means are furnished with markers easily read in said predetermined frequency diapason by said tracking equipment. 13. The use of the aircraft according to claim 1 for monitoring forest resources, including: monitoring a decrease of quantities of the forest resources in a real time mode with an identification of places of illegal coupe and outflow of illegally cut trees, monitoring of fire safety conditions, detection of illegal trespassing in sanctuary areas and national parks. 14. The use of the aircraft according to claim 1 for monitoring natural disasters and emergency situations, including floods. 15. The use of the aircraft according to claim 11, wherein said aircraft is furnished with tracking equipment mounted on the aircraft, said tracking equipment has a predetermined frequency diapason, and said motor vehicles are furnished with markers easily read in said predetermined frequency diapason by said tracking equipment. 