A solar cell module includes solar cells encapsulated in a high resistivity encapsulant. A protective package is created by forming together the high resistivity encapsulant, the solar cells, a transparent top cover and a backsheet. The protective package is mounted on a frame that is electrically isolated from the solar cells. The protective package may be created by lamination. The transparent top cover may comprise glass or a high resistivity material.
Claims 1. A method of fabricating a solar cell module, the method comprising: placing a first sheet of encapsulant on front sides of a plurality of solar cells, the first sheet of encapsulant having a volumetric resistance that is equal to or greater than 10.sup.16 .OMEGA.cm; placing a second sheet of encapsulant on backsides of the plurality of solar cells; and encapsulating the plurality of solar cells in a high resistivity encapsulant by heating together the first sheet of encapsulant and the second sheet of encapsulant. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein encapsulating the plurality of solar cells in the high resistivity encapsulant comprises: pressing and heating a transparent top cover, the first sheet of encapsulant, the plurality of solar cells, the second sheet of encapsulant, and a backsheet together in a lamination process to form a protective package. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein the lamination process comprises vacuum lamination. 4. The method of claim 2 wherein the transparent top cover comprises glass. 5. The method of claim 2 further comprising: mounting the protective package on a frame that is electrically isolated from the plurality of solar cells. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein the plurality of solar cells comprises serially-connected back junction solar cells. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein the first sheet of encapsulant comprises polyolefin having a volume specific resistance equal to or greater than 10.sup.16 .OMEGA.cm over a normal operating temperature range of 45 to 85.degree. C. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein the first sheet of encapsulant comprises polyethylene having a volume specific resistance equal to or greater than 10.sup.16 .OMEGA.cm over a normal operating temperature range of 45 to 85.degree. C. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein the first sheet of encapsulant has the volumetric resistance that is equal to or greater than 10.sup.16 .OMEGA.cm over a normal operating temperature range of 45 to 85.degree. C. 10. A solar cell module comprising: a plurality of solar cells encapsulated in a high resistivity encapsulant, the high resistivity encapsulant having a volume specific resistance equal to or greater than 10.sup.16 .OMEGA.cm over a normal operating temperature range of 45 to 85.degree. C., the high resistivity encapsulant being configured to prevent polarization by preventing charge from leaking from front sides of the plurality of solar cells; a transparent top cover over the plurality of solar cells; a backsheet under the plurality of solar cells; and a frame framing the plurality of solar cells, the high resistivity encapsulant, the transparent top cover, and the backsheet, the solar cells being electrically isolated from the frame. 11. The solar cell module of claim 10 wherein the transparent top cover comprises glass. 12. The solar cell module of claim 10 wherein the plurality of solar cells comprises back junction solar cells. 13. The solar cell module of claim 10 wherein the high resistivity encapsulant comprises polyolefin having a volume specific resistance equal to or greater than 10.sup.16 .OMEGA.cm over a normal operating temperature range of 45 to 85.degree. C. 14. The solar cell module of claim 10 wherein the high resistivity encapsulant comprises polyethylene having a volume specific resistance equal to or greater than 10.sup.16 .OMEGA.cm over a normal operating temperature range of 45 to 85.degree. C. 15. A solar cell module comprising: a plurality of solar cells encapsulated in an encapsulant; a high resistivity transparent top cover on front sides of the plurality of solar cells, the high resistivity transparent top cover having a volume specific resistance equal to or greater than 10.sup.16 .OMEGA.cm over a normal operating temperature range of 45 to 85.degree. C., the high resistivity transparent top cover being configured to prevent polarization by preventing charge from leaking from the front sides of the plurality of solar cells; a backsheet under the plurality of solar cells; and a frame framing the plurality of solar cells, the encapsulant, the high resistivity transparent top cover, and the backsheet, the solar cells being electrically isolated from the frame. 16. The solar cell module of claim 15 wherein the plurality of solar cells comprises back junction solar cells. 17. The solar cell module of claim 15 wherein the encapsulant has a volume specific resistance equal to or greater than 10.sup.16 .OMEGA.cm over a normal operating temperature range of 45 to 85.degree. C. 18-25. (canceled) 