Apparatus (1) for manufacturing solar cell matrices includes several stringers (2) for forming strings from solar cells, a lay-up and interconnection station (5) for arranging and interconnecting the strings to form a solar cell matrix, and a transportation system (3) for transferring the strings from the stringers (2) to the lay-up and interconnection station (5), wherein the stringers (2) are arranged perpendicular to the direction of flow of the transportation system (3), or in an acute angle to an axis perpendicular to the direction of flow of the transportation system (3). Furthermore, a process for operating such apparatus (1), wherein the several stringers (2) are controlled such that collision between different strings is avoided in the transportation system (3).
Claims 1-17. (canceled) 18. Apparatus for manufacturing solar cell matrices comprising: a plurality of stringers configured to form strings from solar cells, a lay-up and interconnection station configured to arrange and interconnect solar cell strings into solar cell matrix; a transportation system configured to transfer strings from said stringers to said lay-up and interconnection station, said transportation system having a flow direction; and, said stringers being arranged either perpendicular to said flow direction of said transportation system, or alternatively, said stringers being arranged at an acute angle to an axis perpendicular to said flow direction of said transportation system. 19. The apparatus for manufacturing solar cell matrices as claimed in claim 18, wherein: said stringers are detachable from said transportation system; and, selectable numbers of stringers are attachable to said transportation system. 20. Apparatus for manufacturing solar cell matrices as claimed in claim 18, further comprising: a quality testing station configured to test solar cell strings is operatively connected to said transportation system. 21. Apparatus for manufacturing solar cell matrices as claimed in claim 20, further comprising: said flow direction of said transportation system corresponds to a flow direction of said quality testing station. 22. Apparatus for manufacturing solar cell matrices as claimed in claim 21, further comprising: said flow direction of said transportation system corresponds to a flow direction of said lay-up and interconnection station. 23. Apparatus for manufacturing solar cell matrices as claimed in claim 18, further comprising: a plurality of respective string buffers configured to park solar cell strings, said plurality of respective string buffers being included each respectively in a respective one of said plurality of stringers. 24. Apparatus for manufacturing solar cell matrices as claimed in claim 18, further comprising: a plurality of respective operating panels being included each respectively in a respective one of said plurality of stringers, each of said respective operating panels being arranged on the respective stringer's respective transverse side facing away from said transportation system when attached thereto. 25. Apparatus for manufacturing solar cell matrices as claimed in claim 18, further comprising: at least one detection unit configured to detect if and where strings are carried by said transportation system. 26. Apparatus for manufacturing solar cell matrices as claimed in claim 25, further comprising: at least one camera included in said at least one detection unit. 27. Apparatus for manufacturing solar cell matrices as claimed in claim 25, further comprising: at least one light barrier included in said at least one detection unit. 28. Apparatus for manufacturing solar cell matrices as claimed in claim 25, further comprising: at least one control unit configured to control said stringers to avoid collisions between solar cell strings. 29. Apparatus for manufacturing solar cell matrices as claimed in claim 18, further comprising: a solar cell matrix buffer configured to park solar cell matrices leaving said lay-up and interconnection station, said solar cell matrix buffer being operatively connected downstream of said lay-up and interconnection station; and, a laminator, said laminator being operatively connected to an outlet of said solar cell matrix buffer. 30. Apparatus for manufacturing solar cell matrices as claimed in claim 29, further comprising: a first outlet of said lay-up and interconnection station, said first outlet adapted for direct connection to said laminator; a second outlet of said lay-up and interconnection station, said second outlet adapted for direct connection with said solar cell matrix buffer; and, a control unit configured to control dispensing of solar cell matrices through said first and second outlets. 31. Apparatus for manufacturing solar cell matrices as claimed in claim 18, further comprising: at least one encoding unit configured to place code on a solar cell string to indicate which of said plurality of stringers formed the coded solar cell string. 32. Apparatus for manufacturing solar cell matrices as claimed in claim 31, further comprising: a quality testing station configured to test solar cell strings is operatively connected to said transportation system, said at least one encoding unit being arranged in said quality testing station. 33. Apparatus for manufacturing solar cell matrices as claimed in claim 31, further comprising: a plurality of encoding units, each respective encoding unit of said plurality of encoding units being located in a respective one of said plurality of stringers. 34. A process for manufacturing solar cell matrices, comprising the steps of: forming strings from solar cells in a plurality of stringers; interconnecting the solar cell strings in a lay-up and interconnection station; transferring strings from the plurality of stringers to the lay-up and interconnection station via a transportation system; providing the plurality of stringers in an arrangement either at perpendicular to the transportation flow direction, or alternatively, at an acute angle to an axis perpendicular to the transportation flow direction; and, controlling the plurality of stringers to avoid collisions between solar cell strings in the transportation system. 35. A process for manufacturing solar cell matrices as claimed in claim 34 further comprising the step of: allocating to each respective stringer of the plurality of stringers respective distinct time slots for dispensing its respective solar cell strings to the transportation system. 36. A process for manufacturing solar cell matrices as claimed in claim 35 further comprising the steps of: monitoring the presence of solar cell strings in the transportation system; and, controlling dispensing of solar cell strings from a respective one of the plurality of stringers in dependence on the presence, in the transportation system, of solar cell strings formed by stringers other than the respective one of the plurality of stringers. 