Utility units each have a pole, a solar engine, lighting or other loads, and a controller. The controller senses and controls processes mainly on-pole, but a unit/pole may additionally communicate and/or receive/send control signals from/to poles with which they are networked and/or from a control station. Each pole/network may be adapted for energy-efficient operation of various loads; energy-metering; grid-cooperation; self-diagnostics; overriding of errors/signals to prevent abnormal operation; and/or coordinated activities between poles. Networks may be wireless or wired, or a portable temporary device may monitor pole(s). Active control includes detection of sensor signals or other operational data, which triggers the controller to modify operation of one or more devices/systems on the pole to maintain energy efficiency and operability in spite of malfunctions, abnormal signals or environments, cloudy/diffuse-light weather, or other non-standard conditions.
Claims 1. A utility system for powering at least one electrical load device, the utility system comprising at least one utility unit comprising: a pole; at least one power source comprising a photovoltaic (PV) panel curved at least part way around a generally vertical surface of the pole an electrical load device connected to the pole; a controller operatively connecting said electrical load device to said at least one power source; wherein the controller is adapted for two-way communication between the controller and said electrical load device; and wherein the controller is adapted to control consumption by said electrical load device of energy from said at least one power source. 2. A utility system as in claim 1, further comprising: a control station comprising a computer having an internet connection, wherein the controller is adapted for two-way communication between the controller and the control station. 3. A utility system as in claim 1, wherein said operative connection of the electrical load device to said at least one power source comprises the PV panel charging an energy storage unit (ESU) and the ESU being connected to the electrical load device. 4. A utility system as in claim 1, wherein said PV panel is a flexible, thin-film photovoltaic material(s) curved at least 90 degrees around the generally vertical surface of the pole, and has an efficiency in sunshine in the range of 5%-50%. 5. A utility system as in claim 2, wherein the two-way communication between the controller and the control station, and the controller and the load device comprises narrowband communication at a data transmission rate in the range of about 2 Mbit/s, or broadband communication at a data transmission rate in the range of about 54 to about 600 Mbit/s. 6. A utility system as in claim 1, wherein said at least one power source comprises a grid tie to the electrical grid, and the controller is adapted to provide power from the PV panel to the electrical grid through the grid tie during at least some daylight hours, and said controller is adapted to provide power from the electrical grid through said grid tie to said load device during at least some nighttime hours. 7. A utility system as in claim 1, wherein said at least one power source comprises an energy storage unit (ESU), and the controller is adapted to provide power from the PV panel to charge the ESU during at least some daylight hours, and the controller is adapted to provide power from the ESU to said load device during at least some nighttime hours. 8. A utility system as in claim 1, wherein said at least one power source further comprises an energy storage unit (ESU) and a grid tie to the electrical grid, and wherein the controller is adapted to provide power from the PV panel to charge the ESU and to the electrical grid through the grid tie during at least some daylight hours, and the controller is adapted to provide power to said load device from the ESU. 9. A utility system as in claim 8, wherein the controller is further adapted to provide power to said load device from the electrical grid through the grid tie during at last some of hours that are non-peak-demand hours of the electrical grid. 10. A utility system as in claim 8, wherein the controller is further adapted to charge the ESU from power from the electrical grid through the grid tie. 11. A utility system as in claim 7, wherein the first electrical load device comprises an outdoor light and wherein said controller is adapted to dim or turn off said outdoor light when said ESU falls to a state of charge (SOC) in the range of 5-20% above a minimum safe SOC, said minimum safe SOC being a charge level below which damage occurs to the ESU. 12. A utility system as in claim 7, wherein the utility unit further comprises a motion sensor on said pole, the controller being adapted to determine an amount of power reduction for said load device when the motion sensor is not sensing motion near the pole, the amount of power reduction based on state of charge of said ESU. 13. A utility system as in claim 7, comprising multiple energy storage units (ESUs) and wherein the controller is adapted to disconnect any of said multiple ESUs that fail. 14. A utility system as in claim 7, wherein the utility unit further comprises at least one additional electrical load device at or near said pole powered by said at least one power source, and wherein the controller is adapted to shed at least one of the load devices, by turning off power to said at least one of the load devices based on state of charge of said ESU. 15. A utility system as in claim 7, wherein the utility unit further comprises a motion sensor and a light sensor and wherein said load device is an outdoor light, said controller being adapted to turn on and bring said outdoor light to full brightness at about dusk as determined by a light sensor, and then to dim the outdoor light down to 50% or less brightness down after a predetermined amount of time and throughout the nighttime except for times during the nighttime when said motion sensor senses motion near said pole. 16. A utility system as in claim 7, wherein the utility unit further comprises a motion sensor and a light sensor and wherein said load device is an outdoor light, said controller being adapted to turn on said light at about dusk as determined by a light sensor at a reduced brightness in the range of 50-80% of full brightness, and then to dim the outdoor light down to a range of 5%-25% of full brightness after a predetermined amount of time and throughout the nighttime except for times when said motion sensor senses motion near said pole. 17. A utility system as in claim 1, wherein said load device is selected from a group consisting of: a luminaire, a light emitting diode (LED), an HID light source, a fluorescent light source, a mercury vapor light source, a gas light source, a glow discharge light source, a solid state light, an organic-compound light-emitting light, an OLED light source, a security device, a camera, a security camera, an audio recorder, a video recorder, a wireless network radio, an antenna, a low bandwidth radio, a high bandwidth radio, a radio transmitting in multiple bandwidths, a WIFI modem, a wireless transceiver, an alarm, an electronic sign, an electronic display, a power line communication modem that enables two-way communications over power line electrical wires, emergency call box or button, two-way voice transmitter; a Wi-fi access point, a sound sensor, an environmental sensor, a temperature sensor, a humidity sensor, a wind speed sensor, a wind direction sensor, an air quality sensor, and a sensor of one or more air pollutants. 18. A utility system as in claim 1, wherein the utility unit further comprises a sensor selected from a group consisting of: a light-sensitive sensor, a motion sensor, a sensor of one or more chemical compounds, a temperature sensor, a wind speed sensor, a wind direction sensor, a humidity/moisture sensor, a sound sensor, a sensor of physical contact by an object or person with the pole, wherein said sensor is operatively connected to the controller to send a detection signal to said controller when the sensor detects a change in the environment of the pole, that triggers the controller to change a control setting for said load device so that the first electrical load device operates differently after said trigger. 19. A utility system as in claim 18, wherein said change in control setting is selected from the group consisting of one or more of: turning on said load device, reducing power to said load device, raising power to said load device, moving said load device, moving a portion of said load device, executing one or more subroutines in said load device, and turning off said load device. 20. A utility system as in claim 17, wherein the utility unit further comprises a wireless transceiver and a control station comprising a computer having an internet connection, wherein said controller is adapted for two-way communication between the controller and the control station; and wherein said detection signal triggers the controller to cause the transceiver to transmit information to the control station. 21. A utility system as in claim 20, wherein said information is selected from the group consisting of: real-time data from said sensor, and data from the sensor logged over a period of time by the controller. 22. A utility system as in claim 1, wherein the utility unit further comprises a motion sensor on said pole and operatively connected to said controller; wherein said controller is adapted, in response to said motion sensor sensing motion near the pole, to change a control setting for said electrical load device so that said load device operates differently at least while said motion is detected compared to how said load device operates before motion is detected. 23. A utility system as in claim 1, wherein the pole is an existing infrastructure pole and the PV panel is provided on an outer surface of a retrofit-collar that is hung on the outside of said existing infrastructure pole, wherein the retrofit-collar extends at least part way round said existing infrastructure pole. 24. A utility system as in claim 6, wherein the pole is an existing infrastructure pole and the PV panel is provided on an outer surface of a retrofit-collar that is hung on the outside of said existing infrastructure pole, wherein the retrofit-collar extends at least part way round said existing infrastructure pole. 25. A utility system as in claim 7, wherein the pole is an existing infrastructure pole and the PV panel is provided on an outer surface of a retrofit-collar that is hung on the outside of said existing infrastructure pole, wherein the retrofit-collar extends at least part way round said existing infrastructure pole and comprising said ESU, wherein the ESU is selected from the group consisting of: one or more energy storage units, one or more batteries, one or more capacitors, one or more fuel cells, and one or more devices that store and release hydrogen. 26. A utility system as in claim 8, wherein the pole is an existing infrastructure pole and the PV panel is provided on an outer surface of a retrofit-collar that is hung on the outside of said existing infrastructure pole, the retrofit-collar extending at least part way round said existing infrastructure pole and comprising said ESU, wherein the ESU is selected from the group consisting of: one or more energy storage units, one or more batteries, one or more capacitors, one or more fuel cells, and one or more devices that store and release hydrogen. 27. A utility system as in claim 26, wherein said existing infrastructure pole is an existing street light pole connected to an electrical grid, and said load device is a light on the existing street light pole. 28. A utility system as in claim 1, wherein said load device is a security camera, and the utility system further comprises a motion sensor, wherein said controller is adapted, in response to said motion sensor sensing motion near the pole, to change a control setting for said security camera, the change in control setting being one or more of the group consisting of: turning on the security camera, moving the security camera to point generally toward said motion, and focusing at a distance generally corresponding to said motion. 29. A utility system as in claim 6, wherein the utility unit further comprises a metering system operatively connected to the controller that is adapted to measure amount of energy delivered from the PV panel to the electrical grid, and adapted to measure amount of energy delivered from the electrical grid to said load device. 30. A utility system as in claim 7, wherein the utility unit further comprised a metering system operatively connected to the controller that is adapted to measure amounts of energy delivered from the PV panel and the ESU to said load device. 31. A utility system as in claim 10, wherein the utility unit further comprises a metering system operatively connected to the controller that is adapted to measure amount of energy delivered from the PV panel to the electrical grid, and adapted to measure amounts of energy delivered from the electrical grid to said load device and to the ESU. 32. A utility system as in claim 8, wherein the utility unit further comprises a metering system operatively connected to the controller that is adapted to monitor power quality metrics such as power, voltage, current and power factor with high precision, as part of a wide-area measurement system. 33. A utility system as in claim 29, further comprising a control station comprising a computer having an internet connection, wherein the controller is adapted for two-way communication between the controller and the control station, and wherein said two-way communication of the controller with the control station comprises transmission of the measured amounts of energy to the control station. 34. A utility system as in claim 30, further comprising a control station comprising a computer having an internet connection, wherein the controller is adapted for two-way communication between the controller and the control station, and wherein said two-way communication of the controller with the control station comprises transmission of the measured amounts of energy to the control station. 35. A utility system as in claim 31, further comprising a control station comprising a computer having an internet connection, wherein the controller is adapted for two-way communication between the controller and the control station, and wherein said two-way communication of the controller with the control station comprises transmission of the measured amounts of energy to the control station. 36. A utility system as in claim 1, wherein the utility unit further comprises at least one additional electrical load device attached to the pole, where the controller operatively connects said at least one additional electrical load device to said at least one power source; wherein the controller is adapted for two-way communication between the controller and said at least one additional electrical load device; wherein the controller is adapted to control consumption by said at least one additional electrical load device of energy from said at least one power sources; and wherein the utility unit further comprises a metering system operatively connected to the controller that is adapted to separately measure amounts of energy delivered to each of the load devices from said at least one power source. 37. A utility system as in claim 36, further comprising a control station comprising a computer having an internet connection, wherein the controller is adapted for two-way communication between the controller and the control station, and wherein said two-way communication of the controller with the control station comprises transmission of the measured amounts of energy to the control station. 38. A utility system as in claim 37, wherein said two-way communication between the controller and the control station further comprises transmissions of data from the control station to the controller selected from the group consisting of: sensor signals; error signals; set-points for controlling said load device; firm-ware; soft-ware; one or more executable subroutines; instructions for overriding a sensor; instructions and set-points for protecting an ESU from damage; system reset instructions; component reset instructions; reset motion event count; clear sensor reading; light sensor thresholds for dawn and dusk; motion sensor thresholds for motion event trigger; hysteresis and maximum triggers per time; override commands for on and off; commands for reducing energy consumption; and commands for scheduled-event changes. 39. A utility system as in claim 37, wherein said two-way communication between the controller and the control station is done by narrowband at a data transmission rate in the range of about 2 Mbit/s or by broadband at a data transmission rate in the range of about 54 to about 600 Mbit/s. 40. A utility system as in claim 1, further comprising a control station comprising an internet connection, wherein said utility system comprises multiple of said utility units in a wireless mesh network with said control station, wherein the control station is adapted to wireless two-way communication with one or more of the multiple utility units; said two-way communication being selected from a group consisting of: sensor signals; energy usage data for a load; error signals; set-points for controlling said load device; firm-ware; soft-ware; one or more executable subroutines; instructions for overriding a sensor; instructions and set-points for protecting an ESU from damage; system reset instructions; component reset instructions; reset motion event count; clear sensor reading; light sensor thresholds for dawn and dusk; motion sensor thresholds for motion event trigger; hysteresis and maximum triggers per time; override commands for on and off; commands for reducing energy consumption; and commands for scheduled-event changes. 41. A utility system as in claim 40, wherein said wireless mesh network is adapted for coordinated activities between said multiple utility units, wherein a sensor signal from at least one of the utility units causes the controller of at least one other utility unit to change a control setting for one or more electrical load devices of said at least one other utility units to change performance of the one or more electrical load devices. 42. A utility system for powering electrical load devices, the utility system comprising a plurality of utility units networked for coordinated activities, wherein each utility unit comprises a pole having at least one electrical load device powered by at least one power source, said at least one power source comprising a photovoltaic (PV) panel curved at least part way around a generally vertical surface of each pole; each utility unit further having a controller and a sensor adapted to send a sensor signal to the controller; wherein the controllers of the plurality of utility units are wirelessly connected in a mesh network adapted so that the sensor of one of the utility units detecting a change in the environment of that utility unit triggers the controller of that utility unit to signal controllers of other of the utility units in the mesh network so that selected utility units operate differently after said trigger. 43. A utility system as in claim 42, wherein the triggered controllers modify operation of the electrical load devices of said selected utility units by changing at least one control setting for said electrical load devices of the selected utility units. 44. A utility system as in claim 43, wherein the electrical load devices of said selected utility units comprise luminaires and the triggered controllers increase power to the luminaires. 45. A utility system as in claim 43, wherein the electrical load devices of said selected utility units comprise security cameras and said sensor signal is a motion sensor signaling a detected motion, and the triggered controllers change operation of the security cameras by one or more actions selected from a group consisting of: turning on, panning, tilting, and zooming. 46. A utility system as in claim 42, wherein the wireless mesh network is a peer-to-peer network wherein each of the utility units are all nodes of the network. 47. A utility system as in claim 42, further comprising a control station in two-way communication with each of the utility units, the wireless mesh network being a peer-to-peer network wherein each of the utility units and the control station are all nodes of the network. 48. A utility system for powering at least one electrical load device, the utility system comprising at least one utility unit comprising: a pole; at least one power source comprising a photovoltaic (PV) panel curved at least part way around a generally vertical surface of the pole; an electrical load device connected to the pole; a controller operatively connecting said electrical load device to said at least one power source; a sensor operatively connected to the controller to send a detection signal to said controller when the sensor detects a change in the environment of the infrastructure pole; wherein the controller is adapted to monitor one or more operational parameters of said electrical load device and the sensor and to determine whether said operational parameters are in a category of normal parameters or a category of abnormal parameters; wherein, when the parameters are in the category of normal parameters, the controller is adapted to be triggered by the detection signal or by said operational parameters of the electrical load device to change control settings for the electrical load device; and wherein, when the parameters are in the category of abnormal parameters, the controller enters an override mode comprising executing control actions selected from the group consisting of: resetting the electrical load device, resetting the sensor, changing power to the electrical load device, resetting a timer, resetting detection thresholds of the sensor, and ignoring said detection signal. 49. A utility system as in claim 48, wherein said operational parameters are selected from the group consisting of: amount of time said electrical load device is turned on; time of day the electrical load device is turned on; consumption of energy by said electrical load device; number of times said controller is triggered to change a control setting of said electrical load device by the operational parameters of the electrical load device; frequency of the sensor sending a detection signal; time between detection signals. 50. A utility system as in claim 48, wherein said electrical load device of the utility unit comprises a luminaire and said override mode comprises reducing power to or turning off the electrical load device to conserve energy from said at least one power source. 51. A utility system as in claim 48, wherein determining whether said operational parameters are in a category of normal parameters or a category of abnormal parameters comprises comparing said operational parameters to normal operating parameters by comparisons selected from the group consisting of: comparing electrical load device operation to manufacturer-specifications for the electrical load device; comparing electrical load device operation to historical data regarding said electrical load device; comparing electrical load device operation to operator-input data; comparing sensor operation to manufacturer-specifications for the sensor; comparing sensor operation to historical data regarding said sensor; comparing sensor operation to operator-input data; and comparing electrical load device operations to other like load device operations within the network. 