A transport arrangement (100) for bi-directionally transporting substrates towards and from a load lock (5) comprises a first substrate handler (1) swivelable about a first axis (A.sub.1) and with at least two first substrate carriers (1a, 1b). A second substrate handler (20) swivelable about a second axis (A.sub.20) comprises at least four second substrate carriers (20a to 20d). First and second substrate carriers are mutually aligned respectively in one position of their respective swiveling trajectory paths as one of the first substrate carriers is aligned with one of the second substrate carriers and the other of the first substrate carriers is aligned with the load lock (5). The first substrate carriers (1a, 1b) are movable towards and from the load lock (5) once aligned there with and thereby form respectively external valves of the load lock (5).
Claims 1. A vacuum treatment apparatus comprising a vacuum treatment recipient (10) comprising a load lock (5) between an inside (i) of said recipient (10) and exterior (e) of said recipient (10), said load lock (5) comprising an external valve (1a,1b) arrangement between a compartment of said load lock and said exterior (e) and an internal valve arrangement between said compartment and the remainder of said inside (i), said load lock (5) being conceived as a bi-directional load lock for substrate transfer between said interior (i) and said exterior (e); a transport arrangement (100) in said exterior (e) for bi-directionally transporting substrates towards and from said load lock (5) and comprising: a first substrate handler (1) swivelable about a first axis (A.sub.1) by means of a controlled first drive (9) and comprising at least two first substrate carriers (1a,1b) equally spaced from said first axis (A.sub.1), a second substrate handler (20) swivelable about a second axis (A.sub.20) by means of a second controlled drive (21) and comprising at least four second substrate carriers (20a,20b,20c,20d) being equally spaced from said second axis (A.sub.20); said first and said second substrate carriers being mutually aligned respectively in one position (P1/20) of their respective swiveling trajectory paths as one of said first substrate carriers being aligned with one of said second substrate carriers, the other of said first substrate carriers being aligned with said load lock (5); said first substrate carriers (1a,1b) being movable towards and from said vacuum treatment recipient (10) once aligned with said load lock (5) by respective third controlled drives (11a,11b), thereby forming respectively said external valve. 2. A vacuum treatment apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said load lock (5, 35) has a serving opening towards said exterior which is located in a top side wall portion of said vacuum treatment recipient (10). 3. The apparatus of one of claim 1 or 2, wherein said first substrate handler (1) comprises two of said first substrate carriers (1a, 1b) located at said first substrate handler opposite each other with respect to said first axis (A.sub.1). 4. The apparatus according to one of the claims 1 to 3, wherein said second substrate handler comprises four of said second substrate carriers (20a, 20b, 20c, 20d) arranged pairwise opposite each other with respect to said second axis (A.sub.20). 5. The apparatus of one of claims 1 to 4, wherein said first and second axes and direction of movability of said first substrate carriers towards and from said vacuum treatment recipient are parallel. 6. The treatment apparatus according to one of the claims 1 to 5, wherein said vacuum treatment recipient comprises at least two mounting locations for a treatment station, each for treating a single substrate, said vacuum treatment recipient further comprising a further transport arrangement (30) swivelable about a third axis (A.sub.30) by means of a controlled third drive, said further transport arrangement (30) comprising at least three substrate supports (34) equally spaced from said third axis and evenly distributed in azimutal direction with respect to said third axis and wherein said timing unit timingly controls said third drive. 7. The treatment apparatus of claim 6, wherein said third axis is parallel to said first axis. 8. The apparatus of one of claims 1 to 7, further comprising a one-directional conveyor (54) interacting with respect to substrate transport with said second substrate handler (20). 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein said one-directional conveyor (54) interacts with said second substrate handler (20) by means of a third substrate handler. 10. An enlarged vacuum treatment apparatus comprising at least two of said vacuum treatment apparatus according to one of claim 8 or 9 along said one-directional conveyor. 11. The enlarged vacuum treatment apparatus of claim 10 comprising a flip station between two of said vacuum treatment apparatus arranged along said one-directional conveyor for turning substrates on said one-directional conveyor upside down. 12. Use of the vacuum treatment apparatus according to one of the claims 1-9 or of the enlarged vacuum treatment apparatus according to one of the claim 10 or 11 for treating substrates of at least 200 mm.times.200 mm. 13. Use of the apparatus according to one of claims 1-9 or of the enlarged apparatus according to one of the claim 10 or 11 for manufacturing solar cells. 