An electrode formation method for a solar cell to form an electrode of a base member, includes a screen printing process and a baking process. The screen printing process includes: mounting a metal mask on a surface of the base member, wherein the metal mask includes a covering portion configured to cover a part of a surface of the base member, opening portions configured to allow parts of the base member to be exposed therefrom, and bridge portions disposed along a direction intersecting with a longitudinal direction of circuit patterns between the opening portions; and supplying a paste to an upper surface of the metal mask by a squeegee head of a cartridge type, while relatively sliding a squeegee on the upper surface of the metal mask such that the squeegee travels relatively to the metal mask. In the baking process, the paste is baked to form the electrode.
Claims 1. An electrode formation system for a solar cell to form an electrode of a base member used for the solar cell, said electrode formation system comprising: a screen printing unit comprising: a metal mask comprising a covering portion configured to cover a part of a surface of the base member, a plurality of opening portions configured to allow parts of the base member to be exposed therefrom, and bridge portions disposed along a direction intersecting with a longitudinal direction of circuit patterns between the opening portions; a squeegee head of a cartridge type which comprises a squeegee, and which is configured to supply a paste for forming the electrode to an upper surface of the metal mask under a given pressure after the metal mask is mounted on the surface of the base member, while the squeegee having a given length is relatively slid on the upper surface of the metal mask; and a baking unit configured to bake the paste put on the surface of the base member in a given configuration to form the paste as the electrode, wherein in the screen printing process, the squeegee travels relatively to the metal mask. 2. The electrode formation system for a solar cell according to claim 1, wherein the squeegee head is disposed relatively to the metal mask such that a longitudinal direction of the squeegee extends along a direction orthogonal to an alignment direction of the opening portions and the bridge portions, and wherein the squeegee travels relatively to the metal mask along the alignment direction of the opening portions and the bridge portions. 3. The electrode formation system for a solar cell according to claim 1, wherein the electrode is formed by conducting the screen printing process and the baking process once. 4. The electrode formation system for a solar cell according to claim 3, wherein an aspect ratio for a cross-sectional shape of the electrode is 1.0 or higher. 5. An electrode formation method for a solar cell to form an electrode of a base member used for the solar cell, said electrode formation method comprising: a screen printing process comprising: mounting a metal mask on a surface of the base member, wherein the metal mask comprises a covering portion configured to cover a part of a surface of the base member, a plurality of opening portions configured to allow parts of the base member to be exposed therefrom, and bridge portions disposed along a direction intersecting with a longitudinal direction of circuit patterns between the opening portions; and supplying a paste for forming the electrode to an upper surface of the metal mask under a given pressure by a squeegee head of a cartridge type, while relatively sliding a squeegee having a given length on the upper surface of the metal mask such that the squeegee travels relatively to the metal mask; and a baking process in which the paste put on the surface of the base member in a given configuration is baked to form the paste as the electrode is conducted, after the screen printing process. 6. The electrode formation method for a solar cell according to claim 5, wherein after the squeegee is disposed relatively to the metal mask such that a longitudinal direction of the squeegee extends along a direction orthogonal to an alignment direction of the opening portions and the bridge portions, the squeegee travels relatively to the metal mask along the alignment direction of the opening portions and the bridge portions. 7. The electrode formation method for a solar cell according to claim 5, wherein the electrode is formed by conducting the screen printing process and the baking process once. 