The present invention relates to electrical test apparatuses for photovoltaic modules and methods of testing photovoltaic modules.
Claims 1. An electrical test apparatus for photovoltaic modules, comprising: an enclosure configured to hold a photovoltaic module in a solution; a lid attached to the enclosure; a leakage current sensor positioned within the enclosure and connected to a computer; a conductivity sensor positioned within the enclosure and connected to the computer; a temperature sensor positioned within the enclosure and connected to the computer; and a temperature control system substantially within the enclosure and connected to the computer, wherein the computer administers a test of the photovoltaic module using data acquired from the leakage current, the conductivity sensor and the temperature sensor. 2. The electrical test apparatus of claim 1, wherein the leakage current sensor measures leakage current between a photovoltaic module within the enclosure and an electrical ground within the enclosure, wherein the conductivity sensor measures the conductivity of a solution within the enclosure, and wherein the temperature sensor measures temperature of the solution. 3. The electrical test apparatus of claim 2, wherein the computer comprises a graphical user interface, wherein a target temperature of the solution is defined within the graphical user interface, wherein the computer determines an actual temperature of the solution based on an output signal from the temperature sensor, wherein the computer compares the target temperature of the solution to the actual temperature of the solution, wherein the computer commands the temperature control system to heat the solution if the actual temperature is lower than the target temperature, wherein the computer commands the temperature control system to cool the solution if the actual temperature is higher than the target temperature, and wherein the computer commands the temperature control system to standby if the actual temperature is equal to the target temperature. 4. The electrical test apparatus of claim 1, wherein the computer is configured to receive and store signal data from the leakage sensor, wherein the computer is configured to receive and store signal data from the conductivity sensor, and wherein the computer is configured to receive and store signal data from the temperature sensor. 5. The electrical test apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a safety switch attached to the test apparatus, wherein the safety switch is configured to disable power to the electrical test apparatus when the lid is in an open position. 6. The electrical test apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a safety button attached to the test apparatus, wherein the safety button is configured to disable power to the electrical test apparatus when pressed. 7. The electrical test apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a drain. 8. The electrical test apparatus of claim 1, wherein the temperature control system comprises a heating system. 9. The electrical test apparatus of claim 8, wherein the heating system is an electrical resistance heater. 10. The electrical test apparatus of claim 1, wherein the temperature control system comprises a cooling system. 11. The electrical test apparatus of claim 10, wherein the cooling system is a refrigeration system. 12. A method of testing a photovoltaic module, comprising: connecting a conductor within a photovoltaic module to a power source; submersing the photovoltaic module in a solution contained in an electrical test apparatus comprising: an enclosure; a lid attached to the enclosure; a leakage current sensor positioned within the enclosure and connected to a computer, wherein the leakage current sensor measures leakage current between a photovoltaic module within the enclosure and an electrical ground within the enclosure; a conductivity sensor positioned within the enclosure and connected to the computer, wherein the conductivity sensor measures conductivity of a solution within the enclosure; a temperature sensor positioned within the enclosure and connected to the computer, wherein the temperature sensor measures temperature of the solution; and a temperature control system substantially within the enclosure, wherein the enclosure is configured to hold the solution and photovoltaic module; setting a target solution temperature within a graphical user interface associated with the computer; applying high voltage from the power source to the conductor within the photovoltaic module; and storing leakage current data in a database. 13. The method of claim 12, further comprising: storing temperature data in a database; and storing conductivity data in a database. 14. The method of claim 12, further comprising disabling power to the electrical test apparatus when the lid is in an open position. 15. The method of claim 12, further comprising disabling power to the electrical test apparatus by pressing a safety button attached to the test apparatus. 16. The method of claim 12, wherein the step of setting a target solution temperature comprises heating the solution to a target temperature. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the step of heating the solution comprises heating the solution with an electrical resistance heater. 18. The method of claim 12, wherein the step of setting a target solution temperature comprises cooling the solution to a target temperature 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the step of cooling the solution comprises cooling the solution with a refrigeration system. 20. The method of claim 12, wherein the step of setting a target solution temperature comprises adjusting the solution temperature based on the target solution temperature and monitoring the temperature of the solution until the target solution temperature is obtained. 