A lavatory is provided. The lavatory includes at least one wash station, at least one electrically operated fixture associated with the wash station, a control system configured to control a flow of a fluid through the at least one electrically operated fixture, a power source selectively coupled to the control system, and a power management system coupled to the power source to control the power provided to the control system. The power management system includes a detector configured to monitor the output voltage of the power source, and a switch configured to electrically disconnect the power source from the control system when the output voltage of the power source drops below a predetermined level.
Claims 1. A lavatory comprising: at least one wash station; at least one electrically operated fixture associated with the wash station; a control system configured to control a flow of a fluid through the at least one electrically operated fixture; a power source selectively coupled to the control system; and a power management system coupled to the power source to control the power provided to the control system, the power management system comprising: a detector configured to monitor the output voltage of the power source; and a switch configured to electrically disconnect the power source from the control system when the output voltage of the power source drops below a predetermined level. 2. The lavatory of claim 1, wherein the control system comprises a sensor for monitoring a sensing region for the presence of a user. 3. The lavatory of claim 2, wherein the sensor is an infrared sensor. 4. The lavatory of claim 1, wherein the power source comprises at least one photovoltaic cell configured to convert ambient light energy into an output voltage. 5. The lavatory of claim 4, wherein the at least one photovoltaic cell comprises an array of photovoltaic cells. 6. The lavatory of claim 4, further comprising an energy storage element electrically coupled between the at least one photovoltaic cell and the switch for storing the output voltage generated by the photovoltaic cell. 7. The lavatory of claim 6, wherein the energy storage element is a capacitor. 8. A control system for use with a lavatory system having at least one wash station and at least one electrically operated fixture, the control system comprising: a detection system; a fixture actuation system coupled to the detection system and configured to control a flow of a fluid through the fixture based upon a signal received from the detection system; a power source selectively coupled to the detection system; and a power management system coupled to the power source to control the power provided to the detection system, the power management system comprising: a detector configured to monitor the output voltage of the power source; and a switch configured to electrically disconnect the power source from the control system when the output voltage of the power source drops below a predetermined level. 9. The control system of claim 8, wherein the detection system comprises a control circuit that is operable during a first period during which a sensing region is monitored for the presence of a user followed by a second period during which the power consumption of the control circuit is reduced. 10. The control system of claim 9, wherein the detection system comprises a sensor coupled to the control circuit, the sensor comprises a transmitter and a receiver for monitoring the sensing region. 11. The control system of claim 8, wherein the power source comprises at least one photovoltaic cell configured to convert ambient light energy into an output voltage. 12. The control system of claim 11, wherein the at least one photovoltaic cell comprises an array of photovoltaic cells. 13. The control system of claim 11, further comprising an energy storage element electrically coupled between the at least one photovoltaic cell and the switch for storing the output voltage generated by the photovoltaic cell. 14. The control system of claim 13, wherein the energy storage element is a capacitor. 15. A power supply system for a lavatory system having a control system for operating a fixture, the power supply system comprising: a power source configured to be electrically coupled to the control system and to provide an output voltage; and a power management system coupled to the power source, the power management system comprising: a detector configured to monitor the output voltage of the power source; and a switch configured to electrically disconnect the power source from the control system when the output voltage of the power source drops below a predetermined level. 16. The power supply system of claim 15, wherein the power source is at least one photovoltaic cell configured to convert ambient light energy into an output voltage. 17. The power supply system of claim 16, wherein the at least one photovoltaic cell comprises an array of photovoltaic cells. 18. The power supply system of claim 16, further comprising an energy storage element electrically coupled between the at least one photovoltaic cell and the switch for storing the output voltage generated by the photovoltaic cell. 19. The power supply system of claim 18, wherein the energy storage element is a capacitor. 20. The power supply system of claim 15, further comprising a regulator for adjusting the output voltage of the power source before being received by the control system. 