Electrical power is generated from solar and wind sources thus reducing the need for fuel oil at military forward operating bases and main operating bases. A wind turbine and a solar cell panel are connected to a battery bank. Both the turbine and the solar cells are stored in two standard military shipping containers. When transported to the desired location, these sub-systems are easily set up for operation. The entire apparatus may be disassembled for re-transport and use at another location. Necessary container modifications to connect the system for use are made in such a way as not to alter the container's outside envelope, thus enabling normal transport of the container without damage to the modifications. Each of the solar cells have discs attached so that the solar panel can be assembled in the field by sliding each disc into a mounting channel. This disc and channel structure also allows each cell to be stored in the shipping container by using similar channels mounted back to back in a storage frame located in one of the containers. The solar panel is pivotally mounted in proximity to an edge of the shipping container using mounting elements which interfit with the already provided lift fittings on the container. A wiring harness plugs each solar cell to a conduit for connection to the battery charging system
Claims 1. A field deployable renewable electrical energy generating system comprising a container; a solar panel pivotally mounted on said container, said solar panel being formed of a plurality of solar cells mounted in a support frame for rapid assembly and disassembly; said support frame including a plurality of elongated hollow channels and upper and lower end supports attached to said channels; sliding means attached to each solar panel for slidably mounting each of said solar cells panels in said channels; said upper and lower end supports having end cap means mounted thereon for closing the ends of said channels to prevent said solar cells from sliding out of said channels; and solar cell storage means mounted in said container for storing each of said solar cells when said array is disassembled. 2. The field deployable renewable electrical energy generating system of claim 1 wherein said solar cell storage means includes at least one channeled support mounted in a frame for receiving said sliding means therein. 3. The field deployable renewable electrical energy generating system of claim 1 further including a wind turbine and a plurality of storage batteries connected to said solar cell array and to said wind turbine. 4. The field deployable renewable electrical energy generating system of claim 2 wherein said solar cell storage means further includes a second channeled support mounted in said frame for receiving a portion of said sliding means therein. 5. A field deployable renewable electrical energy generating system comprising a container; a solar panel pivotally mounted on said container, said solar panel being formed of a plurality of solar cells mounted in a support frame for rapid assembly and disassembly; said support frame including a plurality of elongated hollow channels and upper and lower end supports attached to said channels; sliding means attached to each solar cell for slidably mounting each of said cells in said channels; said upper and lower end supports having end cap means mounted thereon for closing the ends of said channels to prevent said solar cells from sliding out of said channels; at least one longitudinally adjustable solar panel support pivotally connected between each of said upper and lower end supports and said container for adjusting the angle of said solar panel; and solar cell storage means mounted in said container for storing each of said solar cells when said array is disassembled. 6. The field deployable renewable electrical energy generating system of claim 5 wherein said sliding means includes a plurality of discs attached to each solar cell for slidably engaging said channels. 7. The field deployable renewable electrical energy generating system of claim 6 wherein said system includes a wind turbine electrical generator and plurality of electrical storage batteries connected to said wind turbine and to said solar panel. 8. The field deployable renewable electrical energy generating system of claim 5 wherein each of said channels and said upper and lower end supports are formed in hinged sections. 9. The field deployable renewable electrical energy generating system of claim 7 further including electrical connection means for serially connecting each solar cell in said array to an electrical control system. 10. The field deployable renewable electrical energy generating system of claim 9 wherein said electrical connection means includes a harness having plug connections to each solar cell in said array. 11. The field deployable renewable electrical energy generating system of claim 7 wherein said batteries operate at high temperatures. 12. The field deployable renewable electrical energy generating system of claim 11 further including cooling fan means mounted in said container. 13. The field deployable renewable electrical energy generating system of claim 12 wherein said container is treated with a heat reflective coating. 