An ion implantation system and method are disclosed in which glitches in voltage are minimized by modifications to the power system of the implanter. These power supply modifications include faster response time, output filtering, improved glitch detection and removal of voltage blanking. By minimizing glitches, it is possible to produce solar cells with acceptable dose uniformity without having to pause the scan each time a voltage glitch is detected. For example, by shortening the duration of a voltage to about 20-40 milliseconds, dose uniformity within about 3% can be maintained.
Claims 1. An ion implantation system, comprising an ion source; an electrode, maintained at a first voltage different than ground; and a power supply in communication with said electrode, wherein said power supply is configured to detect a glitch when said first voltage changes by more than a predetermined amount, and in response to said detection, is configured to increase a current output to attempt to restore said first voltage. 2. The ion implantation system of claim 1, wherein said predetermined amount is between 20% and 40% of said first voltage. 3. The ion implantation system of claim 1, wherein said power supply utilizes a control loop to establish and maintain said first voltage and wherein said control loop has a time constant of less than 10 milliseconds. 4. The ion implantation system of claim 1, further comprising a resistance located in series between said electrode and said power supply so as to create a filter. 5. The ion implantation system of claim 4, wherein said resistance is between 1 kilo-ohm and 5 kilo-ohms. 6. The ion implantation system of claim 1, further comprising at least one additional component, maintained at a second voltage, different than ground and said first voltage, and a second power supply in communication with said additional component wherein said second power supply is configured to detect a glitch when said second voltage changes by more than a predetermined amount, and in response to said detection, is configured to increase a current output to attempt to restore said second voltage. 7. A method of manufacturing a solar cell from a substrate, comprising: directing a beam of ions having a beam current toward a substrate, wherein at least one power supply supplies a first voltage, different than ground, in order to direct said beam toward said substrate; scanning said beam relative to said substrate for as to implant a surface of said substrate; monitoring changes in said beam current of said beam; allowing said scanning to continue if said monitored beam current changes by less than a predetermined value, said value greater than zero, whereby said predetermined value guarantees a dose uniformity acceptable for a solar cell. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein said defined value is about 3%. 9. The method of claim 7, wherein said changes in said beam current are caused by changes in said first voltage, and further comprising configuring said power supply to minimize durations of said changes in said first voltage. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein said power supply reduces glitch duration to between 20 and 40 milliseconds. 11. The method of claim 9, comprising configuring said power supply to detect a glitch when said first voltage changes by more than a predetermined amount, and in response to said detection, to increase a current output to attempt to restore said first voltage. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein said predetermined amount is between 20% and 40% of said first voltage. 13. The method of claim 9, wherein said power supply utilizes a control loop to establish and maintain said first voltage and wherein said control loop has a time constant of less than 10 milliseconds. 14. The method of claim 7, further comprising a resistance located at an output of said power supply so as to create a filter. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein said resistance is between 1 kilo-ohm and 5 kilo-ohms. 16. The method of claim 7, further comprising stopping said scanning if said monitored changes in beam current are greater than said predetermined value. 