A replaceable solar bulb assembly generates electrical energy that includes a photo voltaic cell for converting solar energy into electrical energy. A housing includes at least one reflector for focusing the solar energy on the photo voltaic cell. A connector removably and mechanically connects the housing to a solar receiver array and electrically connects the photo voltaic cell to the solar receiver array.
Claims 1. A replaceable solar bulb assembly, comprising: a photo voltaic cell for converting solar energy into electrical energy; a housing including at least one reflector for focusing the solar energy on the photo voltaic cell; and a connector for removably and mechanically connecting the housing to a solar receiver array and electrically connecting the photo voltaic cell to the solar receiver array. 2. The replaceable solar bulb assembly of claim 1, wherein the housing further comprises: a primary reflector having an open side for receiving the solar energy and defining an opening for receiving focused solar energy; and a secondary reflector for receiving solar energy reflected from the primary reflector and providing the focused solar energy on the opening of the primary reflector. 3. The replaceable solar bulb assembly of claim 2, further including a transparent cover enclosing the open side of the primary reflector and supporting the secondary reflector above a surface of the primary reflector. 4. The replaceable solar bulb assembly of claim 1, further comprising: a mounting plate for supporting the photovoltaic cell below the housing; and a heat sink connected to the mounting plate. 5. The replaceable solar bulb assembly of claim 4, wherein the connector further comprises a pair of metal connectors for mechanically connecting the housing to the solar receiver array and electrically connecting the photo voltaic cell to the solar receiver array. 6. The replaceable solar bulb assembly of claim 5, wherein the connector further comprises a pair of spring contacts for receiving the pair of metal connectors to mechanically connect the housing to the solar receiver array and electrically connect the photo voltaic cell to the solar receiver array. 7. A solar receiver system comprising: a plurality of replaceable solar bulb assemblies for converting solar energy into an electrical signal, each of the plurality of replaceable solar bulb assemblies further comprising: a photo voltaic cell for converting solar energy into electrical energy; a housing including at least one reflector for focusing the solar energy on the photo voltaic cell; a connector for removably and mechanically connecting the housing to a solar receiver array and electrically connecting the photo voltaic cell to the solar receiver array; a plurality of support rails for supporting the plurality of replaceable assemblies in an X by Y array; electrical cables for receiving a plurality of generated electrical signals from each of the plurality of replaceable solar bulb assemblies; and a plurality of docking connectors for connecting each of the plurality of replaceable solar bulb assemblies to one of the plurality of support rails through the connector of the replaceable solar bulb assemblies. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the housing further comprises: a primary reflector having an open side for receiving the solar energy and defining an opening for receiving focused solar energy; and a secondary reflector for receiving solar energy reflected from the primary reflector and providing the focused solar energy on the opening of the primary reflector. 9. The system of claim 8, further including a transparent cover enclosing the open side of the primary reflector and supporting the secondary reflector above a surface of the primary reflector. 10. The system of claim 7, further comprising: a mounting plate for supporting the photovoltaic cell below the housing; and a heat sink connected to the mounting plate. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the connector further comprises a pair of metal connectors for and mechanically connecting the housing to the solar receiver array and electrically connecting the photo voltaic cell to the solar receiver array. 12. The replaceable solar bulb assembly of claim 11, wherein the connector further comprises a pair of spring contacts for receiving the pair of metal connectors to mechanically connect the housing to the solar receiver array and electrically connect the photo voltaic cell to the solar receiver array. 13. The system of claim 7, wherein the connectors further comprises a pair of connector blocks separated by a selected distance, wherein a portion of the primary reflector is received within the selected distance between the pair of connector blocks, each of the pair of connector blocks defining an opening for receiving a portion of the connector of the connector of the primary reflector, the pair of connector blocks electrically and mechanically connecting the replaceable solar bulb assembly to the plurality of support rails. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the pair of connector blocks provide the electrical signal from the replaceable solar bulb assembly to the electrical cables. 15. A replaceable solar bulb assembly, comprising: a photo voltaic cell for converting solar energy into electrical energy; a primary reflector housing having an open side for receiving the solar energy and defining an opening for receiving focused solar energy; a secondary reflector for receiving solar energy reflected from the primary reflector and providing the focused solar energy on the opening of the primary reflector; a transparent cover enclosing the open side of the primary reflector and supporting the secondary reflector above a surface of the primary reflector; a mounting plate for supporting the photovoltaic cell below the primary reflector housing; a heat sink connected to the mounting plate; and a connector for removably and mechanically connecting the housing to a solar receiver array and electrically connecting the photo voltaic cell to the solar receiver array. 16. The replaceable solar bulb assembly of claim 15, wherein the connector further comprises a pair of metal connectors for and mechanically connecting the housing to the solar receiver array and electrically connecting the photo voltaic cell to the solar receiver array. 17. The replaceable solar bulb assembly of claim 16, wherein the connector further comprises a pair of spring contacts for receiving the pair of metal connectors to mechanically connect the housing to the solar receiver array and electrically connect the photo voltaic cell to the solar receiver array. 