An apparatus for improving the efficiency and usability of a solar energy collection panel is provided. In one embodiment, the collection panel comprises a plurality of layers. The first layer is a photovoltaic layer that converts the solar energy into electricity. That layer is coupled to a thermoelectric conversion layer that sinks heat from the photovoltaic layer and generates electricity based on the temperature difference between the top and bottom of the layer. A fluid heating layer is then coupled to and sinks heat from the thermoelectric layer to heat up a fluid, e.g. air or water. Each of these layers is stacked together and placed above an insulation layer that supports the layers and thermally isolates them from the surrounding environment. In another embodiment, a flexible coiled solar energy collection panel is provided. In still another embodiment, a modular rail system is provided for simple and customizable installation.
Claims 1. A system, comprising: a photovoltaic layer; a thermoelectric conversion layer configured to absorb thermal energy from the photovoltaic layer; and a fluid heating layer coupled to the thermoelectric conversion layer. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a metallic panel located between the photovoltaic and thermoelectric conversion layers and configured to couple thermal energy from the photovoltaic layer and the exposed portions of the metallic panel to the thermoelectric conversion layer. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein each of the layers are flexible. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the system is configured to be supported by and mounted on the fluid heating layer. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic layer further comprises: a plurality of photovoltaic cells electrically connected together; and electrodes for communicating a generated voltage to a load. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the thermoelectric conversion layer further comprises: a pair of thermally conductive substrates; a thermoelectric semiconductor material element sandwiched between the pair of thermally conductive substrates; and electrodes for communicating a generated voltage to a load. 7. The system of claim 6, further comprising: a thermal adhesive to bond one each of the pair of thermally conductive substrates of the thermoelectric conversion layer to the photovoltaic layer and fluid heating layer, respectively. 8. The system of claim 6, further comprising: a thermal lubricant to thermally connect one each of the pair of thermally conductive substrates of the thermoelectric conversion layer to the photovoltaic layer and fluid heating layer, respectively. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the fluid heating layer further comprises: an inlet conduit configured to receive a fluid; a transfer conduit coupled to the inlet conduit and configured to expose the fluid passing therein to remnant heat not converted to electricity by the photovoltaic layer or the thermoelectric conversion layer; and an outlet conduit coupled to the transfer conduit and configured to receive the heated fluid from the transfer conduit at a elevated temperature above ambient. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the fluid is water for use in a hot water system. 11. The system of claim 9, wherein the fluid is air for use in a forced air system. 12. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a protective layer; and an insulation layer, wherein the protective layer and the insulation layer together sandwich the photovoltaic, thermoelectric conversion, and fluid heating layers, wherein the insulation layer is configured to isolate the photovoltaic, thermoelectric conversion, and fluid heating layers from the surrounding ambient environment. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the insulation layer is configured to support the coupled photovoltaic, thermoelectric conversion, and fluid heating layers and to provide a mounting support for installing the system. 14. A stacked layer high efficient solar energy conversion module, comprising: a flexible photovoltaic layer; a flexible thermoelectric conversion layer coupled to the photovoltaic layer; a flexible fluid heating layer coupled to the thermoelectric conversion layer; and a flexible insulation layer, coupled to the flexible fluid heating layer, wherein the layers are sandwiched together and a finite length of the layer sandwich is rolled into a compact package. 15. The module of claim 14, wherein the flexible photovoltaic layer further comprises: a plurality of flexible photovoltaic cells electrically connected together; and electrodes for communicating a generated voltage to a load. 16. The module of claim 14, wherein the flexible thermoelectric conversion layer further comprises: a pair of thermally conductive flexible substrates; a flexible thermoelectric semiconductor material element sandwiched between the pair of thermally conductive flexible substrates; and electrodes for communicating a generated voltage to a load. 17. The module of claim 14, wherein the flexible fluid heating layer further comprises: a flexible inlet conduit configured to receive a fluid at ambient or cooler temperature; a flexible transfer conduit coupled to the flexible inlet conduit and configured to expose the fluid passing therein to remnant heat not converted to electricity by the flexible photovoltaic layer or the flexible thermoelectric conversion layer; and a flexible outlet conduit coupled to the flexible transfer conduit and configured to receive the heated fluid from the flexible transfer conduit at a elevated temperature above ambient. 18. A stacked layer high efficient solar energy conversion module, comprising: a flexible photovoltaic layer; a flexible fluid heating layer coupled to the flexible photovoltaic layer; and a flexible insulation layer, coupled to the flexible fluid heating layer, wherein the layers are sandwiched together and a finite length of the layer sandwich is rolled into a compact package. 19. The module of claim 18, wherein the flexible photovoltaic layer further comprises: a plurality of flexible photovoltaic cells electrically connected together; and electrodes for communicating a generated voltage to a load. 20. The module of claim 18, wherein the fluid heating layer further comprises: a flexible inlet conduit configured to receive a fluid at ambient or cooler temperature; a flexible transfer conduit coupled to the flexible inlet conduit and configured to expose the fluid passing therein to remnant heat not converted to electricity by the flexible photovoltaic layer or the flexible thermoelectric conversion layer; and a flexible outlet conduit coupled to the flexible transfer conduit and configured to receive the heated fluid from the flexible transfer conduit at a elevated temperature above ambient. 21. A modular solar power system, comprising: a rail system, comprising: at least one pair of finite length lightweight material rails shaped into opposing channels; a first fluid conduit disposed within a channel of one of the at least one pair of rails; a second fluid conduit disposed within a channel of the opposing one of the at least one pair of rails; and a plurality of electrical conductors disposed within the channels of each of the at least one pair of rails; and a stacked layer high efficient solar energy conversion module, comprising: a photovoltaic layer coupled to the protective layer with electrodes for communicating a generated voltage to a load; a thermoelectric conversion layer coupled to the photovoltaic layer electrodes for communicating a generated voltage to a load; a fluid heating layer coupled to the thermoelectric conversion layer with at least an inlet conduit and an outlet conduit; and a insulation layer, wherein the protective layer and the insulation layer together encompass the other layers, wherein the stacked layer high efficient solar energy conversion module is sized such that each module fits the rail system, and wherein, the first fluid conduit of the rail system is configured for connection to the inlet conduit of the fluid heating layer, the second fluid conduit of the rail system is configured for connection to the outlet conduit of the fluid heating system, and the electrodes from the photovoltaic and thermoelectric conversion layers are configured to connect to one or more of the plurality of electrical conductors of the rail system. 22. The system of claim 21, wherein the photovoltaic layer further comprises: a plurality of photovoltaic cells electrically connected together. 23. The system of claim 21, wherein the thermoelectric conversion layer further comprises: a pair of thermally conductive substrates; and a thermoelectric semiconductor material element sandwiched between the pair of thermally conductive substrates. 24. The system of claim 21, wherein the fluid heating layer further comprises: a transfer conduit coupled to the inlet conduit and configured to expose the fluid passing therein to remnant heat not converted to electricity by the photovoltaic layer or the thermoelectric conversion layer. 25. The system of claim 21, wherein each of the layers are flexible. 26. The system of claim 25, wherein the layers are sandwiched together and a finite length of the layer sandwich is rolled into a compact package. 27. The system of claim 26, wherein the finite length of the layer sandwich rolled into the compact package is sized such that each package fits the rail system. 