An exterior acoustic louvre comprises an internal structural mounting element which is adapted for mounting the louvre to an exterior mounting element, and which has a longitudinal sound-energy baffle extending in a front-to-rear-edge direction of the louvre and at least one lateral sound-energy baffle extending in a top-to-bottom-surface direction of the louvre. At least one sound-energy absorption element overlies at least a majority of the upper and lower surfaces of the longitudinal sound-energy baffle. A sound-attenuating baffle cavity is provided between the upper and lower surfaces of the longitudinal sound-energy baffle, the sound-attenuating baffle cavity extending across at least a majority of a lateral extent of the longitudinal sound-energy baffle. An exterior solar-shading system for a building, comprising a plurality of such exterior acoustic louvres is also provided.
Claims 1. An exterior acoustic louvre comprising an internal structural mounting element which is adapted to mount the louvre to an exterior mounting element and which has a longitudinal sound-energy baffle extending in a front-to-rear-edge direction of the louvre and at least one lateral sound-energy baffle extending in a top-to-bottom-surface direction of the louvre, at least one sound-energy absorption element overlying at least a majority of the upper and lower surfaces of the longitudinal sound-energy baffle, and a sound-attenuating baffle cavity between upper and lower surfaces of the longitudinal sound-energy baffle, the sound-attenuating baffle cavity extending across at least a majority of a lateral extent of the longitudinal sound-energy baffle. 2. An exterior acoustic louvre as claimed in claim 1, wherein a lateral extent of the longitudinal sound-energy baffle is adjustable. 3. An exterior acoustic louvre as claimed in claim 2, wherein a volume of the sound-attenuating baffle cavity is settable based on an adjustment of the lateral extent of the longitudinal sound-energy baffle. 4. An exterior acoustic louvre as claimed in claim 2, wherein the internal structural mounting element includes separate front and rear parts interconnectable by at least one bridge member, a lateral extent of the said bridge member being adjustable. 5. An exterior acoustic louvre as claimed in claim 4, wherein upper and lower said bridge members are provided, the said sound-attenuating baffle cavity being defined by the front and rear parts and the upper and lower bridge members. 6. An exterior acoustic louvre as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a sound-energy transmissible cover which covers the internal structural mounting element, the sound-energy transmissible cover and the longitudinal and lateral baffles of the internal structural support element defining upper, lower and front cavities. 7. An exterior acoustic louvre as claimed in claim 6, wherein the cover is liquid permeable and at least one of fabric and perforated metal. 8. An exterior acoustic louvre as claimed in claim 6, wherein the said at least one sound-energy absorption element is provided in the upper and lower cavities, and a further sound-energy absorption element is provided in the front cavity. 9. An exterior acoustic louvre as claimed in claim 1, wherein the sound-attenuating baffle cavity has one of a substantially elliptical lateral extent and a rectangular lateral extent. 10. An exterior acoustic louvre as claimed in claim 1, wherein the or each said sound-energy absorption element includes a watertight casing. 11. An exterior acoustic louvre as claimed in claim 1, wherein the internal structural mounting element further includes a bracket mount at or adjacent to its rear edge, the bracket mount including a keyway channel for slidably receiving an exteriorly projecting bracket member. 12. An exterior acoustic louvre as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a cover clamp which clamps the cover to or adjacent to the rear edge of the internal structural mounting element. 13. An exterior acoustic louvre as claimed in claim 12 when dependent on claim 11, further comprising a cap which is engagable with the cover clamp to form a rear edge of the louvre, the cap covering at least a majority of the bracket mount along a longitudinal extent of the internal structural mounting element. 14. An exterior acoustic louvre as claimed in claim 1, further comprising cover support members at or adjacent to the rear of the internal structural mounting element. 15. An exterior solar-shading system for the outside of a building, the system comprising a plurality of exterior acoustic louvres, each exterior acoustic louvre comprising an internal structural mounting element which is adapted to mount the louvre to an exterior mounting element and which has a longitudinal sound-energy baffle extending in a front-to-rear-edge direction of the louvre and at least one lateral sound-energy baffle extending in a top-to-bottom-surface direction of the louvre, at least one sound-energy absorption element overlying at least a majority of the upper and lower surfaces of the longitudinal sound-energy baffle, and a sound-attenuating baffle cavity between upper and lower surfaces of the longitudinal sound-energy baffle, the sound-attenuating baffle cavity extending across at least a majority of a lateral extent of the longitudinal sound-energy baffle. 