An electronics module has a wavy substrate having ridges and creases, and an array of functional components on the substrate, the functional components including solar components and arranged on the substrate so at least one of the components lies between the creases. A method of manufacturing an electronics module includes providing functional components, at least one of the functional components being a portion of a solar cell, mounting the functional components on a flexible substrate, and forming creases and ridges in the flexible substrate, such that the functional components are arranged to reside between the creases.
Claims 1. An electronics module, comprising: a wavy substrate having ridges and creases; and an array of functional components on the substrate, the functional components including solar components and arranged on the substrate so at least one of the components lays between the creases. 2. The electronics module of claim 1, wherein the ridges and creases have one of a waved, sinusoidal or stepped arrangement. 3. The electronics module of claim 1, wherein the substrate is one of a polymer, an elastomer, or a flexible, woven fabric. 4. The electronics module of claim 1, wherein the functional components include at least one of a mirror, a light emitter, a light scattering component, and a sensor. 5. The electronics module of claim 1, wherein at least one functional component is of a different size than others of the functional components. 6. The electronics module of claim 1, further comprising a lens formed over at least one of the functional components. 7. The electronics module of claim 6, wherein the lens is one of an elastomer, silicone, acrylic or urethane. 8. The electronics module of claim 6, wherein components smaller than the components arranged between the creases are arranged in the creases. 9. The electronics module of claim 8, wherein the smaller components comprise one of mirror or light scattering components. 10. The electronics module of claim 1, further comprising a layer of encapsulant arranged over the functional components. 11. The electronics module of claim 10, wherein the layer of encapsulant comprises a layer of one of fluorocarbon, silicone, Parylene, moisture barrier materials, or transparent materials. 12. The electronics module of claim 1, further comprising interconnections between the functional components, where the interconnections are arranged to minimize shading loss for the solar components. 13. A method of manufacturing an electronics module, comprising: providing functional components, at least one of the functional components being a portion of a solar cell; mounting the functional components on a flexible substrate; and forming creases and ridges in the flexible substrate, such that the functional components are arranged to reside between the creases. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein providing the functional components comprises dicing a solar cell to produce solar tiles as functional components. 15. The method of claim 13, wherein providing the functional components comprises providing at least one of a mirror, a light emitter, a light scattering component, and a sensor. 16. The method of claim 13, wherein mounting the functional components comprises one of mounting the functional components on pre-existing interconnections or mounting the functional components and then forming interconnections between the functional components. 17. The method of claim 13, further comprising mounting small components in the creases, wherein the small components have a size less than the functional components. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the small components include at least one of a mirror or a light scattering component. 19. The method of claim 13, further comprising forming a lens over at least one of the functional components. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein forming a lens comprises one of molding, printing or laminating the lens over the functional component. 21. The method of claim 13, wherein forming creases and ridges comprises stretching the substrate, attaching the components and then releasing the substrate to relax into a wavy state. 