A system for fossil fuel byproduct management is claimed which includes a computer for receiving and recording volume measurements of one or more fossil fuel liquid byproducts among a plurality of fossil fuel liquid byproducts located within a storage container and a transmitter operable by the computer to transmit the volume measurements to a data collection location. A method of use for the same, which includes monitoring byproduct volumes and recording information relating to releases is also claimed.
Claims 1. An apparatus for fossil fuel liquid byproduct management comprising: a computer with memory for receiving and recording volume measurements of one or more fossil fuel liquid byproducts among a plurality of fossil fuel liquid byproducts located within a storage container and storing modules for program control and manipulating data in memory; and a transmitter operable by the computer to transmit said volume measurements to a data collection location. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, the transmitter further operable by the computer to send the volume measurements to a data collection location at predetermined temporal intervals. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, the computer further capable of recording a release of a quantity of the one or more fossil fuel liquid byproducts to a transport vehicle with a source identifier and volume value for the one or more liquid byproducts corresponding to the release. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, the transmitter further operable by the computer to transmit to a data collection location the source identifier and volume value for the one or more liquid byproducts for a release of a quantity of the one or more byproducts to a transport vehicle. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, the computer further operable to receive a predetermined code for identifying an entity initiating the release of a quantity of the one or more byproducts to a transport vehicle. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, the computer further operable to record the code with a corresponding volume value for the one or more byproducts and a source identifier for a release; said computer further operable to transmit the code, volume value, and source identifier to a data collection location by using the transmitter. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, the computer further located at the storage container and capable of optimizing data prior to transmission. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 the computer and the transmitter further located within a water tight and dust impermeable housing adjacent to and outside of the storage container. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a solar panel and battery for powering the computer and transmitter. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a display connected to the computer for displaying program steps and modes of the computer's operation. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a sensing means for making volume measurements of the one or more byproducts. 12. The apparatus of claim 6, the computer further capable of storing the recorded code with a corresponding volume value for the one or more byproducts and source identifier for a release after any transmission of the same to a data collection location. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, the computer further capable of receiving and recording volume measurements of byproducts located in a plurality of storage containers. 14. An apparatus for fossil fuel liquid byproduct management comprising: a computer with memory for receiving and recording volume measurements of one or more fossil fuel liquid byproducts among a plurality of fossil fuel liquid byproducts located within a storage container and storing modules for program control and manipulating data in memory; the computer further capable of recording a release of a quantity of the one or more byproducts to a transport vehicle with a source identifier and volume value for differing byproducts corresponding to the release; and a transmitter operable by the computer to transmit to a data collection location said volume measurements and the source identifier and volume value for a release of differing byproducts to a transport vehicle. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, further comprising an automated valve located adjacent to a volume of one or more fossil fuel liquid byproducts among a plurality of fossil fuel liquid byproducts located within a storage container; said automated valve further operable by the computer such that reception of a predetermined code from a storage container user interface opens the automated valve to facilitate the release of a quantity of the one or more byproducts to a transport vehicle. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, the automated valve further having means for being opened manually. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein the computer is programmed to close the valve after the passage of a predetermined time subsequent to opening the valve through manual means. 18. The apparatus of claim 14, further comprising a valve located adjacent to a volume of one or more fossil fuel liquid byproducts among a plurality of fossil fuel liquid byproducts located within a storage container; said valve further including a means for being opened manually. 19. The apparatus of claim 14, the computer further operable for receiving a predetermined code through a storage container user interface to identify an entity initiating the release of a quantity of the one or more byproducts to a transport vehicle. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, the computer further operable to record the code with a corresponding volume value and source identifier for a release; said computer further operable to transmit the code, volume value, and source identifier to a data collection location by using the transmitter. 21. The apparatus of claim 14 the computer and transmitter being enclosed within a fluid and dust impermeable housing adjacent to and outside of the storage container. 22. The apparatus of claim 14, further comprising a solar panel and battery for powering the computer and transmitter. 23. The apparatus of claim 14, further comprising a display in communication with the computer and capable of displaying program steps and modes of the computer's operation. 24. The apparatus of claim 14, further comprising a sensing means for making volume measurements of one or more fossil fuel liquid byproducts among a plurality of fossil fuel liquid byproducts located within a storage container. 25. The apparatus of claim 15, the computer further capable of authorizing predetermined release quantities for the one or more byproducts to a transport vehicle, the predetermined release quantities corresponding to the predetermined code for identifying an entity initiating the release of a quantity of the one or more byproducts to a transport vehicle. 26. An apparatus for fossil fuel liquid byproduct management comprising: a computer with memory for receiving and recording volume measurements of one or more fossil fuel liquid byproducts among a plurality of fossil fuel liquid byproducts located within a storage container and storing modules for program control and manipulating data in memory; the computer further operable for receiving a predetermined code to identify an entity initiating the release of a quantity of the one or more byproducts to a transport vehicle; the computer further capable of recording a release of a quantity of the one or more byproducts to a transport vehicle with a source identifier, volume value for each of the one or more byproducts corresponding to the release, and the predetermined code; a transmitter operable by the computer to transmit to a data collection location said volume measurements as well as the predetermined code, volume value, and source identifier for a release of a quantity of the one or more byproducts to a transport vehicle; and an automated valve located adjacent to a volume of the one or more byproducts within a storage container; said automated valve further operable by the computer such that reception of a predetermined code from a storage container user interface opens the automated valve to facilitate the release of a quantity of the one or more byproducts to a transport vehicle. 27. The apparatus of claim 26, the computer further located at the storage container and capable of optimizing data prior to transmission. 28. The apparatus of claim 26, the computer further capable of authorizing predetermined release quantities for the one or more byproducts to a transport vehicle, the predetermined release quantities corresponding to the predetermined code for identifying an entity initiating the release of a quantity of the one or more byproducts to a transport vehicle. 29. The apparatus of claim 26, the computer further capable of storing the recorded code with a corresponding volume value and source identifier for a release after any transmission of the same to a data collection. 30. The apparatus of claim 26, wherein one or more of the byproducts is from the following group: oil, water, diesel fuel, and condensate. 31. A method for fossil fuel liquid byproduct management comprising: monitoring a volume of one or more fossil fuel liquid byproducts among a plurality of fossil fuel liquid byproducts located within a storage container using a computer having memory for receiving and recording volume measurements of the one or more byproducts and storing modules for program control and manipulating data in memory; assigning a volume value for the one or more byproducts and assigning a source identifier to a release of a quantity of one or more byproducts to a transport vehicle by using the computer; and transmitting the source identifier and volume value to a data collection location by using a transmitter operated by the computer. 32. The method of claim 31, further comprising the step of the computer receiving a predetermined code identifying an entity initiating the release of a quantity of the one or more byproducts to a transport vehicle, and recording and transmitting the code with a corresponding volume value for differing byproducts and a source identifier for a release. 33. The method of claim 32, further comprising the step of opening an automated valve using the computer after the computer receives the code. 34. The method of claim 32, further comprising the step of opening an automated valve using the computer. 35. The method of claim 32, further comprising the step of opening a manual valve. 