Disclosed are atomically precise nanoribbons formed by gradient-driven catalytic etching of crystalline substrates to produce edges formed along specific crystallographic axes by thermally-activated particles. Also provided are related methods for fabrication of these nanoribbon structures. Further provided are devices and related methods for power generation and for detection of specific targets using the disclosed structures.
Claims 1. A method for etching a crystalline material, comprising: providing a material comprising one or more crystallographic axes, one or more catalytic particles being disposed on the material; applying a gradient so as to displace one or more catalytic particles, the applying being performed under such conditions that the one or more catalytic particles reacts with the material so as to remove at least a portion of the material. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the material comprises carbon. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the material comprises graphene, boron, boron nitride, titanium oxide, tungsten sulfide, molybdenum sulfide, or any combination thereof. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the material is less than about 10 nm in thickness. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein the material is less than about 5 nm in thickness. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the one or more catalytic particles comprise a metal, an alloy, an inorganic nanocrystal or any combination thereof. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the metal comprises a transition metal, Al, Ga, In, Tl, Si, Ge, Sn, Pb, Po, or any combination thereof. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the one or more catalytic particles comprises one or more nanoparticles having a characteristic cross-sectional dimension in the range of from about 1 nm to about 100 nm. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein the one or more catalytic particles comprises one or more nanoparticles having a characteristic cross-sectional dimension in the range of from about 10 nm to about 50 nm. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the one or more catalytic particles comprise nanoparticles, nanocrystals, nanodots, nanotubes, or any combination thereof. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the one or more catalytic particles are disposed on a surface of the at least one layer of material. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein the one or more catalytic particles are proximate to one or more edges of the layer of material. 13. The method of claim 1, wherein the gradient comprises an electric field, a magnetic field, an electric current flow, a gaseous flow, or any combination thereof. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein the gradient is applied in a single direction. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein the gradient is applied in two or more directions. 16. The method of claim 1, wherein the reaction of the one or more catalytic particles with the at least one material removes at least a portion of the material. 17. The method of claim 1, wherein the reaction of the one or more catalytic particles with the at least one material gasifies at least a portion of the material. 18. The method of claim 1, wherein the one or more catalytic particles are displaced along one or more crystallographic axes of the material. 19. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least one layer of material is disposed on an insulator. 20. The etched material according to claim 1. 21. A method of forming a workpiece, comprising: disposing a quantity of a catalyst on a crystalline structure having at least one edge; heating the catalyst so as to give rise to the formation of one or more catalyst particles, the heating giving rise to the migration of one or more catalyst particles. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein the catalyst comprises at least one metal. 23. The method of claim 21, wherein the disposing a quantity of catalyst is accomplished by evaporation, chemical vapor deposition, physical vapor deposition, coating, spraying, or any combination thereof. 24. The method of claim 21, wherein the quantity of catalyst is characterized as a layer. 25. The method of claim 24, wherein the structure comprises an average thickness of less than about 10 nm. 26. The method of claim 24, wherein the structure comprises an average thickness of less than about 5 nm. 27. The method of claim 26, wherein the structure comprises an average thickness of less than about 1 nm. 28. The method of claim 21, wherein the heat is modulated so as to essentially avoid promoting etching reactions between the catalyst particles and the crystalline substrate. 29. The method of claim 21, wherein the heating is modulated so as to promote etching reactions between the catalyst particles and the crystalline structure. 30. The method of claim 21, wherein the heating gives rise to one or more catalyst particles being disposed proximate to at least one edge of the crystalline structure. 31. The method of claim 21, wherein the heating gives rise to one or more particles migrating toward one or more edges of the crystalline structure. 32. The method of claim 21, wherein the heating gives rise to one or more particles being disposed proximate to one or more edges of the crystalline structure. 33. The workpiece made according to claim 21. 34. A crystalline article, comprising: a crystalline structure comprising at least one edge, essentially the entire length of the at least one edge being defined by two or more crystallographic axes of the crystalline material. 35. The crystalline article of claim 34, wherein at least a portion of the crystalline structure is disposed on an insulating substrate. 36. The crystalline article of claim 34, wherein the crystalline structure comprises carbon. 37. The crystalline article of claim 34, wherein the crystalline structure comprises graphene. 38. The crystalline article of claim 34, wherein the material is less than about 10 nm in thickness. 39. The crystalline article of claim 34, wherein the material is less than about 5 nm in thickness. 40. The crystalline article of claim 34, comprising two or more edges defining a middle region therebetween. 41. The crystalline article of claim 40, wherein at least a portion of the middle region comprises a width of less than about 100 nm. 42. The crystalline article of claim 40, wherein at least a portion of the middle region comprises a width of less than about 10 nm. 43. The crystalline article of claim 40, wherein at least a portion of the middle region comprises a width of less than about 5 nm. 44. The crystalline article of claim 41, wherein at least a portion of the middle region comprises a width of less than about 50 nm. 45. The crystalline article of claim 44, wherein at least a portion of the middle region comprises a width of less than about 10 nm. 46. The crystalline article of claim 34, wherein the edge comprises a length of from about 1 nm to about 10,000 nm. 47. The crystalline article of claim 34, wherein the edge comprises a length of from about 10 nm to about 1000 nm. 48. The crystalline article of claim 34, wherein the edge comprises a length of from about 50 nm to about 500 nm. 49. The crystalline article of claim 34, wherein the crystalline structure comprises one or more channels, each of the one or more channels having a bottom and being defined by at least two walls, and each of the two walls being defined by one or more crystallographic axes of the crystalline structure. 50. The crystalline article of claim 49, wherein the top of at least one channel is essentially even with the upper surface of the crystalline structure. 51. The crystalline article of claim 49, wherein a channel comprises a width of less than about 100 nm. 52. The crystalline article of claim 49, wherein the channel is less than about 10 nm deep. 53. The crystalline article of claim 52, wherein the channel is less than about 5 nm deep. 54. The crystalline article of claim 49, wherein at least a portion of the bottom of one or more channels is defined by the insulating substrate. 55. The crystalline article of claim 54, further comprising a region bounded by two or more channels. 56. A workpiece, comprising: a crystalline structure comprising carbon, the crystalline structure comprising at least one edge; at least one catalyst particle disposed proximate to the at least one edge. 57. The workpiece of claim 56, wherein the crystalline structure comprises a thickness of less than about 10 nm. 58. The workpiece of claim 56, wherein the crystalline structure comprises a thickness of less than about 5 nm. 59. The workpiece of claim 56, wherein the crystalline structure comprises graphene, boron, boron nitride, titanium oxide, tungsten sulfide, molybdenum sulfide, or any combination thereof. 60. The workpiece of claim 56, wherein the one or more catalytic particles comprise a metal, an alloy, an inorganic nanocrystal, or any combination thereof. 61. The workpiece of claim 56, wherein the metal comprises a transition metal, Al, Ga, In, Tl, Si, Ge, Sn, Pb, Po, or any combination thereof. 62. The workpiece of claim 56, wherein the one or more catalytic particles comprises a nanoparticle having a characteristic cross-sectional dimension in the range of from about 1 nm to about 100 nm. 63. The workpiece of claim 56, wherein the one or more catalytic particles comprises a nanoparticle having a characteristic cross-sectional dimension in the range of from about 10 nm to about 50 nm. 64. The workpiece of claim 56, wherein the one or more catalytic particles comprise nanoparticles, nanocrystals, nanodots, nanotubes, or any combination thereof. 65. An electronic device, comprising: a crystalline article comprising at least first and second regions, the first and second regions being bounded by at least two edges, the at least two edges each defined by two or more neighboring crystallographic axes of the carbonaceous crystalline material, the first and second regions each being characterized as being essentially straight, the first and second regions meeting at a juncture, the juncture giving rise to a voltage drop between the first and second regions. 66. The electronic device of claim 65, wherein the crystalline article comprises carbon. 67. The electronic device of claim 66, wherein the crystalline article comprises graphene. 68. The electronic device of claim 65, wherein the first region, the second region, or both, comprise a characteristic dimension of less than about 100 nm. 69. The electronic device of claim 65, wherein the first region, the second region, or both, comprise a characteristic dimension of less than about 50 nm. 70. The electronic device of claim 65, wherein the first region, the second region, or both, comprise a characteristic dimension of less than about 10 nm. 71. The electronic device of claim 65, wherein the juncture is characterized as being kinked or bent. 72. The electronic device of claim 65, wherein the device is adapted so as to allow photons directed incident to the device to contact the crystalline structure within a distance about equal to the mean free path of an electron from the juncture. 73. The electronic device of claim 65, wherein the electronic device is used as a transistor, a diode, a photovoltaic device, or any combination thereof. 74. The electronic device of claim 65, wherein at least a portion of the electronic device is disposed on an insulating substrate. 75. A method for generating power, comprising: providing a crystalline article comprising at least first and second regions, the first and second regions being bounded by at least two edges, the at least two edges each defined by two or more neighboring crystallographic axes of the carbonaceous crystalline material, the first and second regions each being characterized as being essentially straight, the first and second regions meeting at a juncture, the juncture effecting a voltage drop between the first and second regions; directing one or more photons against the crystalline article within a distance from the juncture approximately equal to mean free path of an electron so as to generate an electrical current. 76. The method of claim 75, wherein the first region, the second region, or both, comprise a characteristic dimension of less than about 100 nm. 77. The method of claim 75, wherein the first region, the second region, or both, comprise a characteristic dimension of less than about 50 nm. 78. The method of claim 75, wherein the first region, the second region, or both, comprise a characteristic dimension of less than about 10 nm. 79. The method of claim 75, wherein the juncture is characterized as being kinked or bent. 80. The method of claim 75, further comprising harvesting the power evolved by the current at the vicinity of the juncture. 81. A detector device, comprising: a crystalline structure comprising at least two edges, the at least two edges each defined by two or more crystallographic axes of the crystalline material, and the crystalline structure comprising at least one detector moiety complementary to a specific target, the at least one detector moiety in electrical communication with the crystalline body; and at least one electrical conductor in electrical communication with the crystalline body. 82. The detector device of claim 81, wherein the crystalline structure comprises a carbonaceous material. 83. The detector device of claim 81, wherein the carbonaceous material comprises graphene. 84. The detector device of claim 81, wherein the detector moiety comprises a protein, a polymer, a nucleotide, a monomer, a ligand, a receptor, or any combination thereof. 85. The detector device of claim 81, further comprising a device capable of detecting changes in the electrical characteristics of the crystalline structure. 86. A method for detecting a target, comprising: providing a crystalline article comprising at least first and second regions, the first and second regions being bounded by at least two edges, the at least two edges each defined by two or more crystallographic axes of the crystalline material; the crystalline article comprising at least one detector moiety complementary to a specific target; exposing the crystalline article to a sample; and monitoring the crystalline article for interactions between the at least one detector moiety and the specific target. 87. The method of claim 86, wherein the article comprises a characteristic dimension of less than about 100 nm. 88. The method of claim 87, wherein the article comprises a characteristic dimension of less than about 50 nm. 89. The method of claim 88, wherein the article comprises a characteristic dimension of less than about 10 nm. 90. The method of claim 86, wherein an interaction between the at least one detector moiety and the specific target effects one or more detectable changes in an electrical characteristic of the crystalline article. 