A system is presented for collecting and concentrating light from a moving light source (e.g. the Sun). The system comprises at least one anamorphic optical element, defining an optical axis and a projection region and having a predetermined effective aperture which defines primary and secondary axes. The effective aperture is configured for collection of optical radiation arriving from a predetermined solid collection angle defining a first range of angles with respect to a plane spanned by said optical and primary axes. The anamorphic optical element is configured such that light passing through said effective aperture within a predetermined first range of angles within said predetermined solid collection angle is concentrated onto at least a part of said projection region. At least one receiver aperture is defined by at least a part of said projection region.
Claims 1. A system for collecting and concentrating light from a moving light source, the system comprising: at least one anamorphic optical element, defining an optical axis and a projection region and having a predetermined effective aperture which defines primary and secondary axes; said effective aperture is configured for collection of optical radiation arriving from a predetermined solid collection angle defining a first range of angles with respect to a plane spanned by said optical and primary axes; said anamorphic optical element is configured such that light passing through said effective aperture within a predetermined first range of angles within said predetermined solid collection angle is concentrated onto at least a part of said projection region; and at least one receiver aperture defined by at least a part of said projection region. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein said projection region is an elongated region substantially parallel to said primary axis, and said anamorphic optical element is configured for collecting and projecting, onto substantially overlapping parts of said elongated region, optical radiation arriving from different angles within a second predetermined range of angles with respect to a plane spanned by the secondary and optical axes. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein said first range of angles is selected in accordance with a known trajectory of radiation source movement during a certain period of time. 4. The system of claim 2, wherein said second range of angle is selected in accordance with a known trajectory of radiation source movement during a certain period of time. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein said anamorphic optical element comprises a cylindrical lens curved at least about said primary axis. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the effective aperture of the cylindrical lens has an elongated shape aligned along said primary axis. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein said anamorphic optical element comprises a prismatic structure having a facet defining said effective aperture, and defining a top region comprising said projection region; wherein the side walls of said prismatic structure are constructed as waveguides for guiding collected light by total internal reflection from said effective aperture towards the top region of the prismatic structure. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein said at least one receiver aperture is associated with one or more receiving elements. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein said one or more receiving elements comprises one or more photo-voltaic cells. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the anamorphic optical element is formed as a sealing element of said one or more photo-voltaic cells. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein said anamorphic optical element has a focal region located downstream from said receiving element with respect to the direction of light propagation through the anamorphic optical element. 12. The system of claim 1, comprising a spectral splitting assembly. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein said spectral splitting assembly comprises a diffraction structure located at said effective aperture of the anamorphic optical element. 14. The system of claim 8, wherein at least one of said one or more receiving elements comprise one or more waveguides configured for coupling thereto at least a part of the collected radiation. 15. The system of claim 1, wherein said receiver aperture is a common input aperture of at least two waveguides; each of said least two waveguides is configured for coupling thereto at least a portion of the collected radiation incident onto said effective aperture such that different angular segments of said first range of angles, are coupled to different waveguides. 16. The system of claim 14, wherein said projection region is an elongated region; said one or more waveguides are configured as planar waveguides optically coupled to the elongated region. 17. The system of claim 14, wherein said one or more waveguides are flexible. 18. The system of claim 14, wherein at least some of said waveguides guide the radiation coupled thereto towards different locations. 19. The system of claim 14, wherein at least some of said waveguides guide the radiation coupled thereto towards the same location. 20. The system of claim 14, wherein said waveguide is an optical fiber element of an optical communication network. 21. The system of claim 14, comprising a spectral splitter extending along a surface of the waveguide for separating light portions of different spectral ranges and allowing their output from the waveguide at spaced-apart locations respectively along the waveguide. 22. The system of claim 1, wherein said first range of angles is at least 12.degree.. 23. The system of claim 1, wherein said first range of angles is at least 44.degree.. 24. The system of claim 2, wherein said second range of angles is about 110.degree.. 25. A solar radiation system comprising said optical light collection and concentration system of claim 1, and at least one photo-voltaic cell having a light receiving surface extending along at least a part of said receiver aperture. 26. A solar radiation system comprising said optical light collection and concentration system of claim 1, and one or more waveguides having one or more input facets respectively extending along one or more parts of said receiver aperture. 27. An optical light collection and concentration system, wherein the system comprises a cylindrical receiving element and a cylindrically shaped optical element configured as a sealing for said receiving element; the receiving element is placed substantially at the central region of said cylindrically shaped optical element and is arranged to receive light collected and concentrated by said cylindrically shaped optical element. 28. The system of claim 27 wherein said receiving element is a cylindrical photo-voltaic cell. 29. A method for collecting solar radiation onto one or more photo-voltaic cells, the method comprising: (a) providing a solid angle of solar radiation propagation in accordance with a first direction corresponding to the trajectory of the Sun during the day and a second direction in which said trajectory varies between seasons and determining, based on said first and second directions, first and second angular ranges corresponding to the direction of the Sun light propagation during the day and in different seasons; (b) configuring an anamorphic optical element having an effective light collection aperture a first and second different optical functions associated with primary and secondary axes of the anamorphic optical such that said first optical function being operable to collect and concentrate light arriving from different directions within said first angular range and to direct the concentrated light on to substantially the same light projection region, and said second optical function being operable for collecting and concentrating light arriving from different direction with respect to said second angular range ant to project the concentrated light onto substantially overlapping regions at said projection region; and (c) coupling one or more receiving apertures to said projection region for collecting there from concentrated light arriving from any direction within said solid angle. 30. The method of claim 29 wherein said anamorphic optical element is configured as a prismatic structure having a facet defining a light collection surface of said effective light collection aperture, and a top region comprising said projection region; and wherein at least two side walls of said prismatic structure are constructed as waveguides configured and operable for collecting light incident on said effective light collection aperture such that light is concentrated in said waveguides and is guided by said waveguides towards the projection region. 31. The method of claim 29 wherein said anamorphic optical element comprises a cylindrical lens. 32. The method of claim 31 comprising, providing said cylindrical lens to form sealing element for a cylindrical photo-voltaic cell, wherein said one or more receiving apertures being a receiving aperture of said cylindrical photo-voltaic cell. 33. The method of claim 29, further comprising providing a spectral splitting assembly on top of said effective aperture for spectral splitting of collected solar radiation. 34. The method of claim 29 further comprising arranging said one or more receiving apertures as input facets of one or more waveguides configured to transport collected light to one or more distant receivers. 35. The method of claim 29 further comprising arranging said one or more receiving apertures as receiving apertures of one or more photo-voltaic cells. 36. A method for collecting solar radiation onto one or more photo-voltaic cells, the method comprising: (a) providing a solid angle of solar radiation propagation in accordance with a first direction corresponding to the trajectory of the Sun during the day and a second direction in which said trajectory varies between seasons and; (b) providing a system for collecting and concentrating light from a moving light source as defined according to claim 1; and (c) mounting and said system such that its primary and secondary axes are substantially parallel to said first and second directions respectively to thereby optimize a solid angle from which Sun light is collected by said system. 37. The method of claim 36 wherein said system is stationary mounted such that its optical axis is directed substantially towards the nominal position of the Sun to optimize harvesting of Sun light energy. 38. The method of claim 36 wherein said system is associated with solid angle of light collection smaller than the solid angle of the solar radiation propagation; and wherein said system is shiftably mounted for rotation of its optical axis such as to allow light collection from said solid angle of solar radiation propagation. 