A method of imprinting a texture on a rigid substrate, having area greater than 50 square centimeters, preferably greater than 200 square centimeters, is provided. The texture imprinted on the rigid substrate facilitates light management through the rigid substrate. The method includes wet coating a layer of a curable material on the rigid substrate. Thereafter, the method includes pressurizing a flexible stamp over the layer of curable material to imprint the texture. The flexible stamp includes a bottom zone having a texture profile corresponding to the texture. The bottom zone has Young's Modulus between 0.5 MPa and 3000 MPa and enables tolerance for microscopic defects during imprinting of the texture. The flexible stamp also includes a top zone having Young's Modulus between 0.1 GPa and 10 GPa. The top zone enables tolerance for macroscopic defects. Further, the method includes curing the layer of curable material.
Claims 1. A method of imprinting a texture on a rigid substrate wherein area of said rigid substrate is greater than 50 square centimeters, further wherein said texture facilitates light management through said rigid substrate, said method comprising: wet coating a layer of a curable material on said rigid substrate; pressurizing a flexible stamp over said layer of said curable material to imprint said texture, wherein said flexible stamp comprises a bottom zone having a texture profile corresponding to said texture, said bottom zone having Young's Modulus between 0.5 Mega Pascal (MPa) and 3000 MPa enabling tolerance for microscopic defects during imprinting of said texture, further wherein said flexible stamp comprises a top zone having Young's Modulus between 0.1 Giga Pascal (GPa) and 10 GPa enabling tolerance for macroscopic defects while imprinting of said texture; curing said layer of said curable material; and removing said flexible stamp. 2. The method of imprinting said texture on said rigid substrate according to claim 1, wherein material of said top zone is selected from the group comprising polycarbonate, polyethylene terephthalate and polyethylenenaftalate. 3. The method of imprinting said texture on said rigid substrate according to claim 1, wherein material of said bottom zone is selected from the group comprising acrylate polymer and cured polydimethylsiloxane. 4. The method of imprinting said texture on said rigid substrate according to claim 1 further comprising adding a release layer over said texture profile at said bottom zone, said release layer preventing adhesion of said flexible stamp with said curable material during imprinting of said texture on said layer of said curable material. 5. The method of imprinting said texture on said rigid substrate according to claim 4, wherein material of said release layer is selected from the group comprising monolayer of octadecyl phosphonic acid and 1H, 1H, 2H, 2H-perfluorooctyl trichlorosilane. 6. The method of imprinting said texture on said rigid substrate according to claim 1, wherein pressurizing said flexible stamp over said layer of said curable material comprises: disposing said flexible stamp over said layer of said curable material; and pressurizing said flexible stamp using a roller to imprint said texture on said layer of said curable material. 7. The method of imprinting said texture on said rigid substrate according to claim 1 further comprising: mounting said flexible stamp on a roller; and pressurizing said flexible stamp using said roller to imprint said texture on said layer of said curable material. 8. The method of imprinting said texture on said rigid substrate according to claim 1, wherein said method is used in manufacturing of at least one of a thin-film solar cell and an Organic Light Emitting Device. 9. The method of imprinting said texture on said rigid substrate according to claim 1, wherein thickness of said top zone ranges between 50 to 500 .mu.m. 10. The method of imprinting said texture on said rigid substrate according to claim 1, wherein thickness of said bottom zone ranges between 1 to 100 .mu.m. 11. The method of imprinting said texture on said rigid substrate according to claim 1, wherein thickness of said a layer of a curable material is less than 50 .mu.m. 12. A flexible stamp for imprinting a texture on a rigid substrate, wherein said texture facilitates light management through said rigid substrate, said flexible stamp comprising: a top zone having Young's Modulus between 0.1 Giga Pascal (GPa) and 10 GPa enabling tolerance for macroscopic defects while imprinting of said texture; a bottom zone having a texture profile corresponding to said texture disposed over the top layer, said bottom zone having Young's Modulus between 0.5 Mega Pascal (MPa) and 3000 MPa enabling tolerance for microscopic defects during imprinting of said texture; and a release layer disposed over said texture profile at said bottom zone, said release layer preventing adhesion of said flexible stamp with said rigid substrate during imprinting of said texture on said rigid substrate. 13. The flexible stamp according to claim 12, wherein material of said top zone is selected from the group comprising polycarbonate, polyethylene terephthalate and polyethylenenaftalate. 14. The flexible stamp according to claim 12, wherein material of said bottom zone is selected from the group comprising acrylate polymer and cured polydimethylsiloxane. 15. The flexible stamp according to claim 12, wherein material of said release layer is selected from the group comprising monolayer of octadecyl phosphonic acid and 1H, 1H, 2H, 2H-perfluorooctyl trichlorosilane. 