A system for providing supplemental or auxiliary heat to a crude oil separator is provided. The system includes a primary circuit carrying a fluid heated by a solar panel and a secondary circuit carrying a fluid heated by heat exchangers engaged with the primary circuit. The secondary circuit includes heat exchangers engaging the separator to provide auxiliary heat. The system may also include a source of off-grid electrical energy, such as a wind turbine and/or photoelectric cell.
Claims 1. A device for heating crude oil product obtained from an oil well at an oil well site to assist the separation of the crude oil product into at least clean oil, water, and gas components, the device comprising: a separator, the separator including a separator housing, the separator housing defining a separator interior, the separator including a fuel box, the separator configured to receive crude oil product, to receive a burnable fuel to provide combustion at the fuel box for heating the received crude oil product therein, the separator for substantially separating the crude oil product into a water component, a clean oil component, and a gas component, the separator further providing gas removal, clean water removal, and clean oil component removal members engaged with the separator interior, for removing these components from the separator; a pipe for carrying crude oil product from the oil well to the separator; a primary circuit, the primary circuit including a solar panel, a first heat transfer medium, and a primary/secondary circuit heat exchanger, a primary circuit pump, and a first fluid flow pathway, the pump for engaging the first fluid flow pathway for circulating the first heat transfer medium between the solar panel and the primary/secondary circuit heat exchanger; a secondary circuit comprising a buffer tank adapted to receive the primary/secondary heat exchanger, a secondary circuit pump, a second heat transfer medium, an outlet pipe engaging the buffer tank, and an inlet pipe engaging the buffer tank; and means engaging the outlet pipe and the inlet pipe for heating the crude oil product; wherein the secondary circuit pump circulates the second heat transfer medium through the buffer tank, the outlet pipe, and means engaging the inlet pipe. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the means engaging the outlet pipe and the inlet pipe include at least one secondary/crude oil product heat exchanger coupled to the separator, so as to locate the at least one secondary/crude oil product heat exchanger at least partly in the interior of the separator, so as to engage crude oil product in the interior of the separator and provide heat thereto. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein means for engaging the outlet pipe and the inlet pipe include at least one secondary/crude oil product heat exchanger coupled to the pipe adapted to heat the crude oil received by the separator. 4. The device of claim 1, wherein means for engaging the outlet pipe and the inlet pipe include walls of separator housing in communication with a working fluid of separator interior. 5. The device of claim 1, wherein means engaging the outlet pipe and the inlet pipe includes a heat exchanger with walls adapted to engage the separator housing. 6. The device of claim 1, further comprising off grid power means for providing electrical power to at least the primary and secondary circuit pumps. 7. The device of claim 1, wherein the off grid power means comprises one or more of a wind turbine or a photovoltaic cell. 8. The device of claim 6, wherein the off grid power means comprises a wind turbine, a charge controller, a multiplicity of batteries adapted to store the energy generated by the wind turbine, and an inverter. 9. The device of claim 1, further including an at least single axis sun tracker assembly for mounting the solar panel thereto. 10. The device of claim 1, wherein the solar panel is a flat plate collector or tube style solar collector. 11. The device of claim 1, including a base, a motor mounted to the base for engaging a carousel, the carousel rotatably mounted to the base, and a motor control means, the at least single axis tracker adapted to move the carousel so the solar panel maintains a face thereof to the sun. 12. The device of claim 1, wherein the primary circuit includes a heat dissipater assembly comprising a second fluid flow pathway, a heat dissipater, and a valve for engaging the first fluid flow pathway and the second fluid flow pathway so as to divert at least some of the first heat transfer medium leaving the solar collector to the heat dissipater engaged with the second fluid flow pathway, and back to the first fluid flow pathway, so as to avoid an overtemperature condition in the primary circuit. 13. The device of claim 12, wherein the valve for engaging the first fluid flow pathway and the second fluid flow pathway is a proportional valve responsive to temperature of the first heat transfer medium leaving the solar collector such that above a preselected temperature, the valve begins diverting at least some of the first heat transfer medium to the second fluid flow pathway. 14. The device of claim 1, wherein the primary circuit includes a buffer tank bypass circuit engaging the first fluid flow pathway upstream of the primary/secondary heat exchanger and downstream of the buffer tank of the secondary circuit, and a bypass valve, the bypass valve located upstream of the primary/secondary heat exchanger of the primary circuit and engaging the first fluid flow pathway and the buffer tank bypass circuit to divert at least some of the first heat transfer medium from upstream of the primary/secondary heat exchanger to downstream of the primary/secondary heat exchanger so as to prevent an overtemperature condition in the buffer tank. 15. The device of claim 1, further including a primary circuit pump control system, the primary circuit pump control system including a sensor array, and a microprocessor, the primary circuit pump control system engaging the primary circuit for controlling the operation of the primary circuit pump, the primary circuit pump control system comprising a first temperature sensor near the outlet of the solar panel, and a second temperature sensor in the buffer tank, the primary circuit pump control system microprocessor adapted to measure the delta T, or difference in temperature between the two sensors, and for energizing the primary circuit pump when the delta T exceeds a preselected temperature difference value, and the first sensor is at a higher temperature than the second sensor. 16. The device of claim 2, further including means to modify the separator housing to accept and support the secondary/crude oil product heat exchan 17. A device increasing the efficiency of a separator having an oil bearing tube, the tube having an inlet into the separator, the system comprising; a primary heating circuit carrying a first fluid; wherein the primary heating circuit includes a solar heater having of first fluid therein; for receiving radiant heat from the sun, the solar heater having an inlet and an outlet; a remote heating coil means for removing heat from the first fluid, the remote heating coil means adapted to engage a heat exchange tank of the secondary heating circuit; a first fluid flow pathway for circulating the first fluid between the solar heater and the heating coil means; a first fluid pump for moving the first fluid through the flow pathways of the primary heating circuit; a second fluid flow pathway including temperature flow control means engaging with the first fluid flow pathway near the outlet of the solar heater for diverting at least some of the first fluid from the first fluid flow pathway to the second fluid pathway when the temperature of the first fluid near the outlet of the solar heater exceeds a first preselected temperature; a heat dissipater engaging the second fluid flow pathway for removing at least some of the heat from the first fluid; a secondary heating circuit, including a heat exchange tank having a second fluid therein, the heat exchange tank having a second temperature sensor engaged therewith; a first fluid pump control system for controlling the operation of the first fluid pump, the first fluid pump control system comprising of a first temperature sensor near the outlet of the solar heater and a second temperature sensor in the heat exchange tank, the first fluid pump control system further comprising means adapted to measure the delta T, or difference in temperature between the two sensors, and means for energizing the first fluid pump when the delta T exceeds a preselected temperature difference value; a third fluid flow pathway engaging the first fluid flow pathway, the third fluid flow pathway including a valve responsive to the second temperature sensor such that when the second temperature sensor reaches a preselected temperature, the valve allows at least some of the first fluid to bypass the remote heating coil means and return the first fluid to the first fluid circuit; the secondary heating circuit adapted to receive heat from the remote heat exchange coil means of the primary heating circuit and heat the oil in the tube, the secondary circuit including the heat exchange tank, wherein the heat exchange tank has an inlet and an outlet; a secondary fluid flow pathway adapted to place the second fluid in contact with the oil tube so as to heat the oil therein, the secondary fluid flow pathway engaging the inlet and outlet with the heat exchange tank; a pump, engaging the secondary fluid flow pathway for moving the second fluid between the inlet and the outlet; and, a bypass fluid flow pathway fluidly engaged with the secondary flow pathway, the bypass fluid flow pathway including a temperature responsive valve for diverting at least some of the second fluid such that it bypasses the heat exchange tank. 18. A method for retrofitting a crude oil product separator having an interior and having a crude oil product intake pipe engaging the interior thereof, the separator with a fuel fired heating means for adding heat to the crude oil product therein, the method comprising: providing a primary circuit, including a solar panel, the primary circuit configured to convert solar energy to thermal energy, the primary circuit including a first heat exchanger, and a multi-branch flow pathway carrying a first fluid and engaging the solar panel and first heat exchanger, the primary circuit including flow control means for controlling the flow of first fluid in the flow pathway, wherein the flow control means includes a pump, a proportional valve, and at least one sensor, the sensor for controlling the pump, the pump and proportional valve responsive to temperature conditions in the fluid flow pathway to control the flow of a first fluid in the flow pathway; providing a secondary circuit, including a buffer tank adapted to receive the first heat exchanger, the secondary circuit adapted to transfer heat received from the primary circuit to the separator; and engaging the second heat exchanger with the separator. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising the steps of configuring the circuits to maintain the temperature in the separator heat exchange means in a preselected temperature range. 20. The method of claim 18, further including the step of buying at least some elements of the secondary circuit underground. 21. A system for demulsifying crude oil product from a hydrocarbon producing well in a separator, the system comprising: a separator, the separator including a pipe for carrying crude oil product from the well to the separator; a primary circuit, including a solar panel, the primary circuit configured to convert solar energy to thermal energy, the primary circuit including a first heat exchanger, and a multi-branch flow pathway carrying a first fluid and engaging the solar panel and first heat exchanger, the primary circuit including flow control means for controlling the flow of first fluid in the flow pathway, wherein the flow control means includes a pump, a proportional valve, and at least one sensor, the sensor for controlling the pump, the pump and proportional valve responsive to temperature conditions in the fluid flow pathway to control the flow of a first fluid in the flow pathway; a secondary circuit, including a buffer tank adapted to receive the first heat exchanger and a second heat exchanger, the secondary circuit adapted to transfer heat received from the primary circuit to the separator, the secondary circuit including a second heat exchanger, a multi-branch flow pathway having a second fluid therein, the secondary circuit including flow control means, the flow control means including a pump, at least one sensor, and a proportional valve, the flow control means configured to control the flow of the second fluid between the buffer tank and separator to heat the crude oil product in the separator. 22. A kit for retrofitting an existing separator, the separator including a separator housing, the separator housing defining a separator interior, the separator including a fuel box, the separator configured to receive crude oil product, to receive a burnable fuel to provide combustion at the fuel box for heating the received crude oil product therein, the separator for substantially separating the crude oil product into a water component, a clean oil component, and a gas component, r and enhancing the separation of crude oil product in the separator, the kit comprising: a primary circuit, the primary circuit including a solar panel, a first heat transfer medium, and a primary/secondary circuit heat exchanger, a primary circuit pump, and a first fluid flow pathway, the pump for engaging the first fluid flow pathway for circulating the first heat transfer medium between the solar panel and the primary/secondary circuit heat exchanger; a secondary circuit comprising a buffer tank adapted to receive the primary/secondary heat exchanger, a secondary circuit pump. a second heat transfer medium, an outlet pipe engaging the buffer tank, and an inlet pipe engaging the buffer tank; and means engaging the outlet pipe and the inlet pipe for heating the crude oil product; wherein the secondary circuit pump circulates the second heat transfer medium through the buffer tank, the outlet pipe, and means engaging the inlet pipe; a container for containing having walls, the container for at least partially containing some elements of the primary circuit and at least some elements of the secondary circuit. 23. The kit of claim 22, wherein the solar panel of the primary circuit is mounted to the exterior walls of the container. 24. The kit of claim 22, wherein the container of the kit is mounted to either a skid or a mobile platform. 