A solar panel array includes a number of elongate printed circuit boards (PCBs), each PCB supporting a number of individual solar cells linearly mounted thereon and electrically connected in series to form a solar panel, and a number of hinge assemblies, each hinge assembly including two or more hinge bodies, two backing plates, one spring, and one hinge pin, the hinge assemblies mounted between adjacent solar panels using conventional hardware in a manner connecting them together such that they may be folded over one another in a fanfold arrangement or deployed out to one hundred and eighty degrees.
Claims 1. A solar panel array comprising: a number of elongate printed circuit boards (PCBs), each PCB supporting a number of individual solar cells linearly mounted thereon and electrically connected in series to form a solar panel; and a number of hinge assemblies, each hinge assembly including two or more hinge bodies, two backing plates, one spring, and one hinge pin, the hinge assemblies mounted between adjacent solar panels using conventional hardware in a manner connecting them together such that they may be folded over one another in a fanfold arrangement or deployed out to one hundred and eighty degrees. 2. The solar panel array of claim 1, wherein electric current is passed between the solar panels via PCB traces and hinge assembly springs. 3. The solar panel array of claim 1, wherein the hinge bodies include left-hand hinge bodies and right-hand hinge bodies. 4. The solar panel array of claim 1, wherein the spring is a left-handed spring or a right-handed spring. 5. The solar panel array of claim 1, wherein the spring is gold plated to improve conductivity. 6. The solar panel array of claim 1, wherein the hinge bodies interface with conductive pads electrically connected within the PCBs. 7. The solar panel array of claim 1, wherein the hinge bodies are hard-anodized aluminum having one or more surfaces coated or masked to create conductivity. 8. The solar panel array of claim 1, further including two or more offset hinge assemblies, each offset hinge assembly including two or more hinge bodies, two backing plates, one spring, and one hinge pin. 9. The solar panel array of claim 8, wherein the offset hinge assemblies connect a fanfold style solar panel array of two or more panels to an additional panel that offloads collected power to a receiving terminal. 10. The solar panel array of claim 8, wherein the offset hinge assembly spring is soldered at its end points within respective furrows machined into each of the hinge bodies in the offset hinge assembly. 11. The solar panel array of claim 1, wherein the current from a fanfold panel travels from a PCB pad on the panel through the offset hinge assembly via the spring onto the opposing PCB pad and onto the offset panel. 12. A method for enabling the passing of electric current from one solar panel to another solar panel comprising the steps: (a) providing at least one hinge assembly comprising two hinge bodies, a hinge pin, and a spring; (b) if the hinge bodies are non-conductive, masking specific surfaces of the hinge bodies that interface with conducting components of the PCBs such as electrically conductive pads on the PCBs and the electrically conductive spring interfacing the hinge bodies; and (c) mounting the hinge assemblies over conductive pads on each adjacent PCB with the spring ends in electrical communication with the conductive pads on both panels. 13. The method of claim 12 wherein in step (a), wherein the hinge pin and spring are co-aligned, substantially sharing the hinge axis of rotation. 14. The method of claim 12 wherein in step (a), the hinge bodies include left-hand hinge bodies or right-hand hinge bodies for a fanfold in one direction or in the other direction. 15. The method of claim 12 wherein in step (b), the hinge bodies are aluminum having a hard anodized surface. 16. The method of claim 12 wherein in step (c), the spring ends are compressed between the opposing hinge bodies and corresponding conductive pads. 17. The method of claim 12 wherein in step (c), the spring ends are silver soldiered into furrows provided in the upward facing surfaces of opposing hinge bodies. 18. The method of claim 12 wherein in step (c), screws are inserted through openings in the hinge bodies and PCBs to mount the hinge bodies to the PCBs, the back plates having threaded openings to accept the screws. 19. The method of claim 12 wherein in step (c), screws are inserted through openings in the back plates and PCBs to mount the hinge bodies to the PCBs, the hinge bodies having threaded openings to accept the screws. 20. The method of claim 12 wherein in step (c), the conductive pads on the PCBs are connected to the negative terminal or to the positive terminal of the series-connected solar cells mounted on the PCBs to form the hinged solar panel array. 