An electronics module has a flexible substrate having conductors, an array of functional components on the substrate, the functional components arranged to contact at least one conductor, and perforations in the flexible substrate, the perforations arranged to increase stretchability of the flexible substrate, the conductor arranged around the perforation and the functional components arranged to one of reside between the perforations or partially cover the perforations. A method of manufacturing a flexible electronics module involves mounting at least two functional components onto a flexible substrate, forming electrical interconnects configured to provide connection between the two functional components, and perforating the flexible substrate with cuts configured to increase stretchability of the substrate.
Claims 1. An electronics module, comprising: a flexible substrate having conductors; an array of functional components on the substrate, the functional components arranged to contact at least one conductor; and perforations in the flexible substrate, the perforations arranged to increase stretchability of the flexible substrate, the conductor arranged around the perforation and the functional components arranged to one of reside between the perforations or partially cover the perforations. 2. The electronics module of claim 1, further comprising electrical connections between at least some of the functional components on the substrate. 3. The electronics module of claim 2, wherein the electrical connections are formed of a stretchable conductive material. 4. The electronics module of claim 1, wherein the substrate further comprises one of stainless steel foil, polymer foil, polyimide foil, Mylar foil, paper or paper-like material or a woven or non-woven fabric and polyethylene naphthalate (PEN) foil. 5. The electronics module of claim 1, wherein the perforations comprise angled cuts, curved cuts, `S` shaped cuts. 6. The electronics module of claim 1, wherein the functional components have shapes that are at least partially conformal to shapes of the perforations in the substrate. 7. The electronics module of claim 1, further comprising an elastomer encapsulation layer over the module. 8. The electronics module of claim 1, wherein the functional components include at least one of solar cell component, a battery, a display component, a power regulator, pixel circuits, memory cells, MEMS devices and a sensor. 9. The electronics module of claim 8, wherein the display component comprises one of electrophoretic display, electrochromic display, liquid crystal display, MEMS interference display, electrowetting display, powder display, electrochemical display, organic or inorganic light emitting display, plasma display 10. The electronics module of claim 8, wherein the sensor further comprises one of a photodiode, an accelerometer, a pressure sensor, a motion sensor, a moisture sensor, a gas sensor, a radiation sensor, a biological sensor, or a chemical sensor. 11. A method of manufacturing a flexible electronics module, comprising: mounting at least two functional components onto a flexible substrate; forming electrical interconnects configured to provide connection between the two functional components; and perforating the flexible substrate with cuts configured to increase stretchability of the substrate. 12. The method of manufacturing of claim 11, wherein perforating the flexible substrate occurs prior to the mounting of the functional components. 13. The method of manufacturing of claim 11, wherein mounting the functional components occurs prior to the perforating of the flexible substrate. 14. The method of manufacturing of claim 11, wherein forming the electrical interconnects between the functional components occurs prior to the mounting of the functional components. 15. The method of manufacturing of claim 11, wherein forming the electrical interconnects occurs after perforating the flexible substrate and the interconnects are formed around the perforations. 16. The method of manufacturing of claim 11, further comprising encapsulating the electronics module with an elastomer after the mounting, forming and perforating. 17. The method of manufacturing of claim 11, further comprising encapsulating the electronics module prior to the perforating. 18. The method of manufacture of claim 11, wherein perforating the flexible substrate comprises cutting the flexible substrate with one of angled cuts, curved cuts, or `S` shaped cuts. 19. The method of manufacture of claim 11, wherein forming the electrical interconnects comprises printing a conductive material onto the flexible substrate. 20. An electronics module, comprising: a flexible substrate having conductors; an array of functional components on the substrate including at least one solar tile, the functional components arranged to contact at least one conductor; and perforations in the flexible substrate, the perforations arranged to increase stretchability of the flexible substrate, the conductor arranged around the perforation and the functional components arranged to one of reside between the perforations or partially cover the perforations. 