This invention provides a monitoring system to control liftable or steer axles on a truck or tractor-trailer by monitoring one or more input data types selected from the group consisting of speed and direction data, load data, turn signal data, engine data and emergency signal data. After processing the input data, a control module may control the lift axle electrical valving to lift one or more liftable axles, and may also lock the steerable axle in a straight position at a predetermined forward speed or adjust the pressure on the air suspension of a steer axle to equalize axle bearing weight.
Claims 1. A monitoring system to control liftable or steer axles on a truck or tractor-trailer comprising: a) a means for sensing vehicle speed and direction; and b) a module for controlling one or more liftable axles on the vehicle; wherein the control module is adapted to wirelessly receive information about vehicle speed and direction from the means for sensing vehicle speed and direction, and processes such information to determine when to cause or permit said liftable axles to be lifted or lowered or steer axles to be locked or regulating air pressure of an air suspension system associated with a steer axle. 2. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein the means for sensing vehicle speed and direction is selected from the group consisting of a pair of Hall-Effect sensors, a wheel speed sensor adapted for installing on or about an axle end on the outside of a wheel, a bi-directional speed sensor installed in the rear differential, a bi-directional speed sensor installed in the transmission, a bi-directional speed sensor installed on the drive shaft or by having the control module adapted to intercept messages from other modules on the CAN Bus measuring speed and direction. 3. The monitoring system of claim 2, wherein the means for sensing vehicle speed and direction is a wheel speed sensor adapted for installing on or about an axle end on the outside of a wheel and comprising a two-axle accelerometer. 4. The monitoring system of claim 2, wherein the means for sensing vehicle speed and direction includes a microcontroller that only transmits information about wheel speed or direction selectively when there is change in wheel speed, wheel direction, and/or when wheel speed is below or above certain present values. 5. The monitoring system of claim 3, further comprising a mechanical generator or solar panel for recharging a battery that powers the sensor. 6. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein the control module comprises a receiver for receiving transmitted information from a means for sensing vehicle speed and direction, a processor to determine whether a liftable axle on a vehicle in which it is installed should be in a lifted or lowered position in view of such received information, and output means for causing said liftable axle to be lifted or lowered, or steer axles to be locked or air pressure of an air suspension system associated with a steer axle to be regulated and causes or permits one or more of the functions selected from the group consisting of (a) a liftable axle on the vehicle to lift when the trailer is moving in reverse, and which causes or permits the axle to lower when the vehicle moves forward for a desired programable distance (b) a steer axle on the vehicle to lock in a non-steering configuration when the vehicle is traveling above a predetermined speed (c) a liftable axle of the vehicle to lift when the vehicle is traveling below a predetermined speed (d) a liftable axle of the vehicle to lift when the vehicle's four-way flashers are activated (e) the vehicle's reverse warning signals and/or lights to be activated when the vehicle is traveling in reverse or (f) controls dump shuts, gate vales, undercarriage lights, or cargo lights. 7. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising a load sensor; and wherein the control module is configured to receive information from the load sensor about how much weight the vehicle is carrying, and causes or permits one or more liftable axles of the vehicle to assume or maintain a lifted or lowered position in response to both the weight the vehicle is carrying, or whether the vehicle is stopped. 8. The monitoring system of claim 7, wherein the control module causes or permits an axle of the vehicle to be lifted when the vehicle is empty or below a predetermined weight, providing the vehicle is not moving. 9. The monitoring system of claim 7, wherein the vehicle is an air suspension vehicle, and the load sensor is a gauge that measures air pressure in the air suspension system. 10. The monitoring system of claim 7, wherein the vehicle is a non-air suspension vehicle, and the load sensor is a stain gauge that measures deflection in a fixed axle or a frame rail on the vehicle or an angular sensor between a fixed axle of the vehicle and the vehicle's frame so as to measure the positioning of the axle relative to the frame. 11. The monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising one or more sensors to monitor wheel bearing temperatures, wherein the monitoring system warns someone driving the vehicle of abnormal bearing temperature. 12. The monitoring system of any one of claims 1 to 16, further comprising one or more sensors to monitor tire pressure, wherein the monitoring system warns someone driving the vehicle of abnormal tire pressure. 13. A sensor for measuring speed of a wheel on a vehicle in a monitoring system according to claim 1, said sensor electronically configured to transmit a wireless signal verifying status of the sensor on a periodic basis, but also configured to transmit wheel speed less often upon occurrence of one or more predetermined events, thereby reducing power drawn by the sensor from its power supply. 14. The sensor of claim 13, whereby the event(s) are selected from change between forward motion, reverse motion, and/or stopped condition of the vehicle, and change of vehicle speed above and/or below certain predetermined levels. 15. The sensor of claim 13, which is powered by batteries and capable of monitoring and transmitting wheel speed for at least about 2 years under ordinary usage without requiring the batteries to be replaced. 16. The sensor of 13, comprising a power supply adapted to be recharged by a mechanical generator or solar panel. 17. A monitoring system according to claim 7 wherein on a vehicle with air suspension the control module is programmed to cause a weight equalizing controller to regulate air pressure for the auxiliary steer axle when a turn signal is activated above a programmed set speeds, the control module will not allow the system to decrease a previously programmed air pressure of the air suspension system associated with a liftable steer axle until the vehicle speed is below a programmed set speed at which time the control module causes the weight equalizing controller to decrease the air pressure of the lift axle suspension to assume an optimal proportion of vehicle weight, compared with the fixed axles during a turn and once the turn signal is switched off the air pressure of the lift axle suspension is increased back to the pre-turn value. 18. A monitoring system according to claim 7 wherein on a vehicle with air suspension the control module is programmed to cause a weight equalizing controller to automatically allow the vehicle to equalize weight per axle through half load seasons. 