Process and apparatus for providing a solar cell (2) with a solder ribbon (3), the cell (2) having at least one bus bar (7), wherein flux (4, 4a-4d) is applied by an automatically controlled spray head (5, 6), and the solder ribbon (3) is connected to a bus bar (7) by an automatically controlled soldering unit. Flux (4, 4a-4d) is only applied to locations of the ribbon (3) to be connected to the bus bar (7) and/or flux (4, 4a-4d) is only applied to those locations of the bars (7) to be connected to the ribbon (3). A solar cell (2), that has at least one bus bar (7), with a solder ribbon (3), may be provided by such apparatus and processes.
Claims 1. A process for providing a solar cell with a solder ribbon comprising the steps of: applying flux to a solder ribbon with at least one automatically controlled spray head; applying the flux only to those locations of the solder ribbon that are to be connected to a bus bar; and, monitoring with a monitoring unit the actual locations to which the flux is actually applied on the solder ribbon. 2. A process for providing a solar cell with a solder ribbon as claimed in claim 1 further comprising the step of: selectively controlling the spray head with a control unit to selectively control at least one of the process parameters selected from the group of process parameters consisting of flux drop size, flux application pattern, and flux application speed. 3. A process for providing a solar cell with a solder ribbon as claimed in claim 1 further comprising the step of: preheating the solder ribbon. 4. The process for providing a solar cell with a solder ribbon as claimed in claim 3 wherein: said step of preheating the solder ribbon occurs before the step of applying the flux. 5. The process for providing a solar cell with a solder ribbon as claimed in claim 3 wherein: said step of preheating the solder ribbon occurs before, a step of soldering the solder ribbon. 6. A process for providing a solar cell with a solder ribbon as claimed in claim 3 further comprising the step of: selecting a preheating temperature less than 80 degrees Celsius if the solder ribbon is connected to the bus bar by wet soldering. 7. A process for providing a solar cell with a solder ribbon as claimed in claim 3 further comprising the step of: selecting a preheating temperature of at least 80 degrees Celsius to reduce an amount of solvent. 8. A process for providing a solar cell with a solder ribbon as claimed in claim 1 further comprising the step of: exposing the flux to a temperature of at least 100 degrees Celsius to activate the flux. 9. A process for providing a solar cell with a solder ribbon as claimed in claim 1 further comprising the steps of: comparing the monitored actual locations to which the flux is actually applied on the solder ribbon, to locations that are to be connected by at least one soldering unit; and, controlling the position of the at least one spray head to minimize the difference between the monitored actual locations to which the flux is actually applied on the solder ribbon, and the locations that are to be connected by the at least one soldering unit. 10. A process for providing a solar cell with a solder ribbon comprising the steps of: applying flux to a bus bar with at least one automatically controlled spray head; applying the flux only to those locations of the bus bar that are to be connected to a solder ribbon; and, monitoring with a monitoring unit the actual locations to which the flux is actually applied on the bus bar. 11. A process for providing a solar cell with a solder ribbon as claimed in claim 10 further comprising the step of: selectively controlling the spray head with a control unit to selectively control at least one of the process parameters selected from the group of process parameters consisting of flux drop size, flux application pattern, and flux application speed. 12. A process for providing a solar cell with a solder ribbon as claimed in claim 10 further comprising the step of: preheating the bus bar. 13. The process for providing a solar cell with a solder ribbon as claimed in claim 12 wherein: said step of preheating the bus bar occurs before the step of applying the flux. 14. The process for providing a solar cell with a solder ribbon as claimed in claim 12 wherein: said step of preheating the bus bar occurs before, a step of soldering the bus bar. 15. A process for providing a solar cell with a solder ribbon as claimed in claim 12 further comprising the step of: selecting a preheating temperature less than 80 degrees Celsius if the bus bar is connected to the solder ribbon by wet soldering. 16. A process for providing a solar cell with a solder ribbon as claimed in claim 12 further comprising the step of: selecting a preheating temperature of at least 80 degrees Celsius to reduce an amount of solvent. 17. A process for providing a solar cell with a solder ribbon as claimed in claim 10 further comprising the step of: exposing the flux to a temperature of at least 100 degrees Celsius to activate the flux. 18. A process for providing a solar cell with a solder ribbon as claimed in claim 10 further comprising the steps of: comparing the monitored actual locations to which the flux is actually applied on the bus bar, to locations that are to be connected by at least one soldering unit; and, controlling the position of the at least one spray head to minimize the difference between the monitored actual locations to which the flux is actually applied on the bus bar, and the locations that are to be connected by the at least one soldering unit. 19. Apparatus for processing a solar cell comprising: an automatically controlled soldering unit configured to join solder ribbons to bus bars; an automatically controlled spray head configured to apply flux to solder ribbon; a control unit configured to control said spray head to apply flux only to those locations of a solder ribbon that are to connect to a bus bar, said control unit being in operative communication with said spray head; and, a camera configured to monitor actual locations on solder ribbon to which said spray head applies flux, said monitoring unit being in operative communication with said control unit. 20. An apparatus for processing a solar cell as claimed in claim 19 further comprising: a controllable preheating unit configured to controllably preheat solder ribbon. 21. Apparatus for processing a solar cell comprising: an automatically controlled soldering unit configured to join solder ribbons to bus bars; an automatically controlled spray head configured to apply flux to bus bars; a control unit configured to control said spray head to apply flux only to those locations of a bus bar that are to connect to a solder ribbon, said control unit being in operative communication with said spray head; and, a camera configured to monitor actual locations on bus bar to which said spray head applies flux, said monitoring unit being in operative communication with said control unit. 22. An apparatus for processing a solar cell as claimed in claim 21 further comprising: a controllable preheating unit configured to controllably preheat bus bar. 