A tag reader system, method and timing system for determining a time of detection of a passive RFID tag relative to a detection line located along a route traveled by the RFID tag.
Claims 1. A timing system for determining a time of detection of a plurality of passive RFID tags relative to a detection line located along a route traveled by the RFID tags, the system comprising: a tag reader system having housing with a cavity containing a processor, a memory, a clock, a communication interface, a radio frequency transceiver for wirelessly communicating with a plurality of the RFID tags, computer executable instructions and an antenna coupled to the radio frequency transceiver for transmitting and receiving wireless messages between the transceiver and each communicating RFID tags, the housing including a fixture for mounting the housing in proximity to the detection line, the tag reader system configured by the computer executable instructions for transmitting a plurality of tag read requests and receiving a plurality of tag reads from each communicating RFID tag when each is located in proximity to the detection line, time stamping at least two of each of the RFID tag reads for each RFID tag including a first tag read and a subsequent tag read and creating a RFID tag read message for each RFID tag read wherein each RFID tag read message includes the first and subsequent tag reads for a single one of the RFID tags with their associated time stamps, and transmitting over the communication interface each RFID tag read message; and a timing system having a memory and processor and a communication interface communicatively coupled to the communication interface of the tag reader system for receiving the transmitted RFID tag read messages, the timing system determining a lapsed time for each RFID tag traversing the route traveled responsive to the received RFID tag read message and at least one of the included tag reads and associated time stamps. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the tag reader system determines a time for each of the received tag reads responsive to the received RFID tag read messages and determines an average time based on the determined times for a plurality of the received RFID tag reads and determines an average tag read time and wherein the determined average tag read time is included in the created RFID tag read message, wherein the RFID tag read message consists of the first and a last occurring subsequent tag read and the determined average tag read time. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the RFID tag is a passive RFID tag and wherein the wireless transceiver transmits a powering activation message and the read request message to RFID tag located in proximity to the detection line. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the tag read requests are continuously transmitted as pulsed messages. 5. The system of claim 4 wherein the tag reader system transmits tag read requests at a predetermined selectable rate. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein each of the tag reads includes a tag serial number of the RFID tag. 7. The system of claim 6 wherein each tag read message includes a data packet having a tag reader system identifier, a tag read time, and the tag serial number. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein the timing system determines a time of passing of the RFID tag at the detection line responsive to the received tag read times. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein each tag read message includes a data packet having a tag reader system identifier and the tag serial number. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein the included subsequent tag read is within a predetermined time period of an immediately prior subsequent tag read. 11. The system of claim 10 wherein the tag reader system disregards at least one of the subsequent tag reads for each RFID tag when such subsequent tag read has a time stamp of greater than a predetermined time period following the immediately prior subsequent tag read. 12. The system of claim 1 wherein the tag reader system receives a plurality of subsequent tag reads for each communicating RFID tag and time stamps and stores each tag read in the tag reader memory, and wherein the each RFID tag read message includes each tag read and associated time stamp for a single RFID tag. 13. The system of claim 1 wherein the tag reader system receives a plurality of subsequent tag reads for each communicating RFID tag and time stamps each tag read and wherein the first tag read and the last occurring subsequent tag read, but not the other subsequent tag reads, is included in the created RFID tag read message. 14. The system of claim 1 wherein the tag reader system receives a plurality of subsequent tag reads for each communicating RFID tag, the tag reader system having a tag read counter for incrementing a tag read count parameter for each received tag read of each communicating RFID tag, and wherein the created RFID tag read message includes the tag read count parameter. 15. The system of claim 1 wherein each RFID tag read message for each communicating RFID tag is stored in the tag reader system memory and wherein the tag reader system only transmits the created RFID tag read messages responsive to a prompt received from the timing system. 16. The system of claim 1 wherein the transceiver and the antenna are configured to transmit and receive in a frequency band from about 900 MHz to about 930 MHz 17. The system of claim 1 wherein the housing and the antenna of the tag reader system are configured to have a combined effective antenna gain of about 6 dBi. 18. The system of claim 1 wherein the transceiver and the antenna are configured to transmit and receive in a frequency band from about 900 MHz to about 930 MHz and wherein the housing has a bottom wall, four side walls and a lid wall and wherein the bottom wall has dimensions of about 10 inches by about 14.7 inches and the lid wall has dimensions of about 10.9 inches by about 19.6 inches and wherein an offset distance between the bottom wall and the lid wall is about 3 inches. 19. The system of claim 18 wherein the housing is configured from ABS plastic material having an integrated UV protective material. 20. The system of claim 18 wherein the housing has a bottom wall, four side walls and a lid wall, each wall having a thickness of about 0.129 inch. 21. The system of claim 18 wherein the antenna of the tag reader system lies in a plane positioned within the cavity that is offset and parallel to a plane of the lid wall, and wherein the offset is about 0.79 inches. 22. The system of claim 1 wherein the housing has a bottom wall, four side walls and a lid wall, and wherein the bottom wall and lid wall are in parallel planes, the lid wall having an area that is greater than the area of the bottom wall and wherein each of the four side walls are sloped outwardly from a coupling of each with the bottom wall to a coupling of each with the lid wall. 23. The system of claim 1 wherein the housing has a bottom wall, four side walls and a lid wall and wherein the mounting fixture is integrated within an exterior surface of the bottom wall of the housing. 24. The system of claim 23 wherein the antenna is a substantially directional antenna having greater gain in the direction perpendicular with a plane including the lid wall and outwardly from the lid wall. 25. The system of claim 1, further comprising a horizontal mounting frame for mounting the tag reader system, the housing being configured to be mounted to the horizontal mounting frame via the mounting fixture in a position about 7 feet above a plane of the surface of the ground upon which the defines the route traveled by the RFID reader. 26. The system of claim 1 wherein the tag reader system further periodically transmits wake up/powering messages for activating RFID tags that are within the proximity of the tag reader system and wherein each communicating RFID tags is responsive to at least one of the transmitted wake up/powering messages, and wherein the tag reader system receives an acknowledgement message from each communicating RFID tag responsive to the at least one transmitted wake up/powering message, and wherein the transmitting of a read request by the tag reader system to one particular communicating RFID tag is responsive to the received acknowledgement message from that particular one communicating RFID tag. 27. The system of claim 26 wherein the tag reader system transmits a sleep instruction including a sleep time to at least one of the communicating RFID tags responsive to receiving a tag read responsive to a read request. 28. The system of claim 1 wherein the tag reader system includes an external antenna interface for interfacing with an external antenna positioned at a distance from the housing, the external antenna interface being communicatively coupled to the radio frequency transceiver for wirelessly communicating with the RFID tag via the external antenna separately and independently from the antenna positioned within the housing, 29. The system of claim 28 wherein the tag reader system creates the RFID tag read message to include an identification of at least one of the antenna and the external antenna from which one of the included tag reads was received. 30. The system of claim 1 wherein the tag reader system transmits the crated tag read messages to the timing system at a user selectable interval. 31. The system of claim 30 wherein the tag reader system is configurable by a user for transmitting the created tag read messages at an interval between about 1 second to about 9 seconds. 32. The system of claim 1 wherein the timing system is configured with instructions for the tag reader system including power level settings of the transceiver and settings for the antenna, and wherein the timing system is configured to transmit the power level settings of the tag reader system transceiver and the antenna settings to the tag reader system and wherein the tag reader system is configured to receive the power level settings and antenna settings and to set such settings within the tag reader system responsive thereto. 33. The system of claim 1 wherein the tag reader system is configured to receive tag reader programming instructions from the timing system and to implement such received tag reader programming instructions as received, the tag reader programming instructions including, a rate of predetermined number of RFID tag reads per detected RFID tag within a proximity with the tag reader system. 34. The system of claim 1 wherein the timing system includes a tag reader remote configuration module including instructions for remotely configuring the tag reader system and wherein the communication interface of the timing system and the communication interface of the tag reader system are communicatively coupled for communicating the remote configuration instructions from the timing system to the tag reader system, and wherein the tag reader system configures one or more operating parameters of at least one of the processor, the transceiver and the antenna responsive to received remote configuration instructions. 35. The system of claim 34 wherein the remote configuration instruction is selected from the list consisting of antenna power, transceiver power level, and RFID tag read request scan rate. 36. The system of claim 34 wherein the tag reader system periodically transmits a plurality of monitored parameters over its communication interface to the communication interface of the timing system, and wherein the tag reader remote configuration module of the timing system receives the monitored parameters, analyzes the monitored parameters including comparing of at least one monitored parameter with a predefined parameter value, and determines a remote configuration instruction responsive to the analyzing and comparing, wherein the determined remote configuration instruction is included in the communicating from the timing system to the tag reader system and wherein the tag reader configures at least one of the one or more operating parameter responsive to the determined remote configuration instruction. 37. The system of claim 36 wherein the operating parameter is selected from the list consisting of setting of an antenna power level, a setting of a transceiver power level, and a setting a RFID tag read request scan rate, tag read request failure rate and RFID tag read inventory count. 38. The system of claim 34 wherein the tag reader remote configuration module includes a statistical analysis module that track the received RFID tag read messages and the included tag reads and time stamps, and statistically analyzes them, and wherein tag reader remote configuration module determines at least one of the instructions responsive to the statistical analysis of the received RFID tag read messages. 39. The system of claim 1 wherein the detection line located along a route traveled by the RFID tags is a starting line, a finish line or an intermediary check point line, and wherein the timing system is configured for receiving each of the RFID tag read messages and determining a lapsed time of each RFID tag traversing between at least two of the starting line, the intermediary check point line and the finish line, responsive to at least one of the received RFID tag read messages. 40. The system of claim 1, further comprising a local power supply for supplying local power to the tag reader system contained within the housing. 41. The system of claim 40 wherein the local power supply is selected from the group consisting of a battery, a received energy source received over the communication interface, a received energy source received over a remote power interface, a fuel cell, and a solar power generator. 42. A tag reader system for determining a time of detection of a passive RFID tag relative to a detection line located along a route traveled by the RFID tag, the system comprising: a processor, a memory coupled to the process for storing computer executable instructions, operating parameters, tag reads and created RFID tag read messages; a clock coupled to the processor and including an interface for receiving an input signal for setting a current time of the clock; a housing having a cavity for enclosing the processor, the memory, and the clock, the housing includes a mounting fixture for mounting the tag reader system in a fixed position in proximity to the detection line for reading RFID tags located in a range of between about 1 and about 20 feet. a communication interface coupled to the processor for communicating with a remote timing system including the transmitting of created RFID tag read messages as stored in the memory and receiving RFID tag read message requests from the timing system and remote tag reader instructions; a wireless transceiver coupled to the processor for wirelessly communicating with the RFID tag; an antenna coupled to the radio frequency transceiver for transmitting and receiving wireless messages between the transceiver and the RFID tag, wherein the wireless transceiver and the antenna are also contained in the cavity of housing, and the combination of the antenna and the housing have an effective gain of about 6 dBi, the antenna transmitting a plurality of tag read messages as received from the transceiver and receiving tag reads from a plurality of RFID tags located in proximity to the detection line to which the housing is positioned. 43. A method for determining a time of detection of a passive RFID tag relative to a detection line located along a route traveled by the RFID tag, the method comprising: at a tag reader system having a housing with a cavity, a processor, a memory, a plurality of computer implementable instructions stored in the memory and executable by the processor, a clock, a communication interface, a radio frequency transceiver coupled to the processor for wirelessly communicating with the RFID tag, and an antenna coupled to the radio frequency transceiver, the processor, the memory, the clock, the transceiver, and the antenna being positioned within the cavity of the housing, the housing including a fixture for positioning the tag reader system in a fixed position in proximity to the detection line; receiving instructions over the communication interface from a remote timing system including at least one parameter for operation of at least one of the transceiver, antenna, and the computer implementable instructions; updating an operating parameter of the tag reader system responsive to the received instructions including the at least one parameter; transmitting via the transceiver and the antenna a wake up/powering message, said transmitting being on a periodic basis defined by an operating transmission interval parameter as received from the processor; receiving a plurality of acknowledgement messages from a plurality of communicating RFID tags that are in the proximity of the tag reader system, each acknowledgement message including an RFID tag identifier for uniquely identifying a particular one of the proximal RFID tags from among the plurality of communicating proximal RFID tags; transmitting a first read request to a first particular one of the communicating RFID tags utilizing the RFID tag identifier for that tag as received in the acknowledgement message for that particular one RFID tag; receiving a first tag read from the particular one communicating RFID tag following the transmitting of the first read request; time stamping the first tag read based on a first time of receipt of the first tag read as determined by the clock; storing the time stamped first tag read in the memory for the particular one RFID tag; transmitting a second read request to the particular one communicating RFID tag utilizing the same unique tag identifier for that tag; receiving a second tag read from the particular one communicating RFID tag following the transmitting of the second read request; time stamping the second tag read based on a second time of receipt of the second tag read as determined by the clock; storing the time stamped second tag read in the memory for the particular one RFID tag; determining an average time value for the first and second tag reads for the particular one communicating RFID tag and storing the average time in the memory for the particular one RFID tag; determining a number of tag read instances of first and second tag reads associated with the particular one communicating RFID tag and storing the number of tag read instances in the memory for the particular one RFID tag; receiving a request from the remote timing system over the communication interface for communicating RFID tag read messages from RFID tag reads as received by the tag reader system; creating a RFID tag read message including the RFID tag identifier and the time stamped first tag read and the average time value; and transmitting the created RFID tag read message over the communication interface. 