A wheel light assembly may be mounted on wheel studs of a wheel hub, between the wheel hub and the rim of the wheel. The wheel light assembly may include a mounting plate having wheel stud holes in a pattern matching the pattern of the wheel studs onto which the light assembly is to be mounted. The wheel light assembly may further include one or more light bars extending from the mounting plate. The light bars may include one or more lights connected to a power source. The power source may be solar power and/or a battery. The wheel light assembly may include a remote power switch for turning the power to the light bars on and off from inside the vehicle. The vehicle may be an automobile, motorcycle, bicycle or any similar wheeled vehicle.
Claims 1. A wheel light assembly comprising: a mounting plate having a plurality of wheel stud holes therein; one or more light bars extending outwardly away from the mounting plate; one or more lights in the light bars; and a power supply to provide power to the lights. 2. The wheel light assembly of claim 1, further comprising an outer ring disposed about the circumference of the mounting plate, the light bars extending outwardly from the outer ring. 3. The wheel light assembly of claim 2, wherein the light bars extend orthogonally from the outer ring. 4. The wheel light assembly of claim 1, further comprising one or more battery packs for providing power to the lights. 5. The wheel light assembly of claim 4, further comprising one or more solar cells providing power to recharge the battery packs. 6. The wheel light assembly of claim 5, wherein one of the battery packs and one of the solar cells are provided for each of the light bars. 7. The wheel light assembly of claim 1, further comprising a receiver for receiving a signal from a user to turn on or turn off power to the lights. 8. The wheel light assembly of claim 1, wherein the mounting plate is made of metal. 9. The wheel light assembly of claim 1, wherein the lights are light emitting diodes. 10. The wheel light assembly of claim 1, wherein the light bars are made of a clear plastic material. 11. The wheel light assembly of claim 2, further comprising one or more light rings spaced outwardly from the mounting plate, the one or more light rings interconnecting adjacent light bars. 12. The wheel light assembly of claim 11, wherein the one or more light rings are disposed generally concentric to the outer ring. 13. A wheel light assembly comprising: a mounting plate having a plurality of wheel stud holes therein; an outer ring disposed about the circumference of the mounting plate; one or more light bars extending outwardly away from the outer ring; one or more lights in the light bars; one or more battery packs adapted to provide power to the lights; and one or more solar cells adapted to charge the one or more battery packs. 14. The wheel light assembly of claim 13, wherein one of the battery packs and one of the solar cells are provided for each of the light bars. 15. The wheel light assembly of claim 13, further comprising a receiver for receiving a signal from a user to turn on or turn off power to the lights. 