A hybrid vertical energy storage system is invented wherein the components responsible for the conversion, storage and production of energy are used as the weighted component of a gravitationally aided energy storage device. The present invention allows gravity to operate mechanical devices which may help move a volume of fluid in order to compress a gas and store potential energy. The present invention utilizes the attributes of pumped hydro by using gravity assisted fluid transfer, and also combines Compressed Air Energy Storage (CAES) functionality by powering hydraulic pumps and motors to transfer fluid from one vessel to another vessel. This feature allows conventional, inexpensive, market proven components to make the capture, conversion, storage and production of energy more effective and affordable while eliminating the placement issues associated with such large scale pumped hydro and CAES systems while extending battery service life. Ideally, combining the positive attributes of some or all of the existing technologies into one energy storage system would provide a real and meaningful improvement, especially if the improvement reduced or eliminated economic, environmental and operational flaws associated with the individual technologies. This invention also provides a method of combining the output of individual, combined attribute energy storage systems to provide user definable and expandable electrical energy production. The vertical aspect of the invention allows operational attribute that separates and makes independent the capture and storage of energy being placed into the energy storage system and the hydro-pneumatic production of energy exiting the system.
Claims 1. An energy capture, conversion, storage and production system that uses the conversion, storage and production mechanisms as the weighted component in a gravitational energy storage device that will do work. 2. The energy storage system of claim 1, which may also include a first hydraulic pump/motor which may be of the fixed or variable displacement type which is fluidly connected to at least one low pressure accumulator or reservoir and at least one high pressure accumulator, and may also be rotationally connected to a rotate-able cable drum or spool device, a second hydraulic pump/motor which may be of the fixed or variable displacement type and is fluidly connected to a low pressure accumulator or reservoir and a high pressure accumulator and may be rotationally connected to an electrical generator, various electrical/mechanical devices to control said energy storage system such as pressure sensors, limit switches, etcetera, a suitable housing in/on which to mount said components in which said housing becomes the weighted component of the gravitational aspect of this invention, and other weights may be added. 3. The energy storage system of claim 2 that further includes vertical support and guide structures that may enable the vertical rise and fall of the weighted component to take place in a controlled and fixed area, a horizontal member at or near the top of the vertical supports and guide structures that may bridge said support structures which supports the mounting of a cable winding mechanism that may feature an electric or hydraulic motor which is rotationally connected to a cable winding drum or the cable winding drum itself may be internally driven by electric or hydraulic means. 4. The energy storage system of claim 3, wherein said electric motor may be of the alternating current A/C type or direct current/D/C type. The A/C application may be electrically connected directly to the electrical utility service line, network and/or grid to facilitate the direct capture, conversion, storage, second conversion and dispatch of grid balanced electrical energy, or, in the D/C application, electrically connected to an electrical energy storage or generating source such as batteries of any chemistry, capacitors, fuel cells, solar, wind, hydro, tidal, fueled generators, human powered devices, etcetera to facilitate the direct capture, conversion, storage of renewable or localized energy production and to dispatch electrical energy which may be of the grid balance type. 5. The energy storage system in claim 4 wherein the electric motor may have electrical regeneration capability as a generator and the hydraulic motor may have regeneration capabilities as a pump, and the regenerative operation features may be used to help control the descent of the weighted component. 6. The energy storage system in claim 5 that may further include a cable or belt which is of a sufficient length that may allow one end of the cable or belt to be anchored or otherwise attached, perhaps to the top of the mounting structure around the horizontal mounting bridge, descend to the bottom of the vertical pathway and may wrap around the rotating cable drum or spool a number of times (the drum or spool is attached to the top of the weighted component and rotationally connected to the first hydraulic pump/motor), and finally the cable or belt may ascend to the top of the structure where it may be affixed to the cable or belt winding drum which is rotationally connected to an electric A/C or D/C motor/generator or to a fixed or variable displacement hydraulic pump/motor. This cable or belt provides the mechanical connection for the lifting of the weighted component which houses the conversion, storage and production devices. 7. The energy storage system of claim 6 wherein the assent and descent of the weighted component causes the transfer of hydraulic fluid from the low pressure accumulator or reservoir to the high pressure accumulator and is timed is such a manner to provide a fully charged high pressure accumulator upon completion of the lift and drop cycle. 8. The energy storage system of claim 7 wherein the high pressure accumulator may release its pressurized fluid to a hydraulic motor which may be of the fixed or variable type causing rotation of the hydraulic motor which is rotationally connected to an electrical generator which may be of the alternating current A/C type or the direct current D/C type. 9. The energy storage system of claim 8 which may allow the rotating hydraulic motor to be rotationally connected to any other device which may perform work until the energy in the accumulator is depleted, without an interaction of an electrical generator. 10. The energy storage system of claim 9 wherein the electrical or hydraulically driven electrical production components are located outside of the weighted component enclosure wherein there is any electrical, hydraulic or mechanical connection between the weighted component housing and a secondary working mechanism. 11. The energy storage system of claim 10 wherein the angle of said energy storage system is anything other than 90 degrees from the horizontal base plane, including pendulum actions and screw mechanisms which are designed to accomplish the same desired results. 12. The energy storage system of claim 11 wherein the energy storage system may be operated singularly or grouped in plurality to enable mass storage ability up to and including Kilowatt, Megawatt and Gigawatt capacities. 13. The energy storage system of claim 12 wherein the energy storage system may be arranged horizontally as space permits or stacked vertically to enable urban placement either in a construction dedicated solely for this purpose or for additions or retrofits to existing buildings. 14. The energy storage system of claim 13 wherein one lifting unit may lift one or a plurality of weighted component structures, and multiple lifting units may lift one or a plurality of the weighted component structure(s). Repeating this energy capture, conversion, storage and production of energy on a scale consistent with the application, available energy to be captured, converted, stored and produced, and/or matched to the load which may be connected to this energy conversion and storage system. 15. The energy storage system of claim 14 wherein this system is used to operate any working structure or device including but not limited to freight or passenger elevators, thrill rides, material handling machines, excavating machines, and as an add-on device to existing structures such as utility providers facilities or outside plant, businesses, factories, warehouses, residential applications such as apartments, condominiums, railroads, subways and other railed or mobile transportation systems, on shore and offshore electrical or utility platforms, oil and or natural gas exploration and or drilling rigs, marine and aviation applications. 16. The energy storage system of claim 15 wherein any method of stabilization is used, such as a single vertical rail, two or more vertical rails, cables, devices or apparatus which may be continuous or segmented, connective devices to maintain any set distance between two or more units, geared shafts, tracking wheels which may be of the pneumatic type which follow vertical pathways, and wherein the said stabilization method also provides for the cabled mechanism to be substituted for or used with wheeled devices that may be mounted to the vertically moving carriage and press against any vertical surface and rotate, which may operate said hydraulic pump to facilitate fluid transfer between a reservoir and an accumulator. 17. The energy storage system of claim 16 wherein the wind driven windmills may rotate hydraulic pumps and that hydraulic fluid is used to operate the cable winding drum, or the fluid to operate said hydraulic motor may be stored in hydraulic accumulators which may be used to operate hydraulically driven electrical generators and/or motors to assist in accomplishing the same desired result. 18. The energy storage system of claim 17 wherein this system is combined or applied to a larger system to be used in a centralized or decentralized and distributed electrical energy storage and production system. 19. The energy storage system of claim 18 wherein the control system may be demand regulated and fully automatic, controlled by an operator, or remotely controlled in a system similar to Vehicle 2 Grid (V2G) control strategy. 20. The energy storage system of claim 19 wherein pneumatic components may substitute some or all the hydraulic components to facilitate hydraulically and/or pneumatically driven energy storage and/or hydraulically or pneumatically drive energy production, such as the hydraulic pump may become a pneumatic pump, the hydraulic motor may become a pneumatic motor and the hydraulic fluid control valves may become pneumatic control valves. Any combination of the alternatives described herein may be utilized, as the energy flow in both embodiments is the same and keeps within the framework of the present inventions spirit and scope, as the only aspect that changes is the driving or driven media; 