Some examples relate to a system for monitoring the condition of rotor blades at wind turbines. A plurality of sensor nodes can be coupled to a rotor blade. A respective at least one sensor can be present at the individual sensor nodes for the spatially resolved detection of vibrations and/or acoustic waves of the rotor blade and the sensor nodes can be connected via optical fibers to a central supply and reception unit. A light source can be present at the central supply and reception unit and electromagnetic radiation can be conducted from it via an optical fiber to a photovoltaic converter with which the received electromagnetic radiation can be converted into electric energy. The electric energy can be utilized.
Claims 1. A system for monitoring the condition of a rotor blade of a wind turbine, comprising: a central supply and reception unit; a central light source disposed proximal the central supply and reception unit and configured to emit electromagnetic radiation; a transducer node fastenable to the rotor blade, the transducer node connected via one or more optical fibers to the central supply and reception unit; a photovoltaic converter coupled to communicate with the central light source via the one or more optical fibers and configured to convert the electromagnetic radiation from the central light source into electric energy; electronics disposed proximal the transducer node and configured to receive the electric energy from the photovoltaic converter; a transducer disposed proximal the transducer Bode and the electronics, the transducer configured to spatially resolve detection of waves associated with vibratory motion of the rotor blade, wherein the electronics are coupled to the transducer and configured to power the transducer and to receive a transducer signal from the transducer; a distal light source and optical modulator coupled to the electronics and configured to be powered by the electric energy, wherein the optical modulator is configured to communicate with the electronics to transmit an optical transducer signal associated with the transducer signal; and an optical detector present at the central supply and reception unit, the optical detector coupled to the optical modulator via the one or more optical fibers and configured to receive the optical transducer signal. 2. The system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the electronics close to the sensor of a sensor node include at least one of an analog/digital converter, a microprocessor, a clock and a driver circuit configured to drive the optical modulator. 3. The system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the transducer is configured to emit waves to excite the rotor blade. 4. The system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the light source includes a Vertical-cavity surface-emitting laser and the optical modulator includes a Mach-Zehnder modulator. 5. The system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the one or more optical fibers is a common optical fiber. 6. The system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic converter includes a photovoltaic elements including at least one of GaAs cells and Si PIN photodiodes. 7. The system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the transducer includes piezoelectric elements. 8. The system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the distal light source and optical converter form an optoelectronic element of a hybrid design. 9. The system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the transducer node is one of a plurality of transducer nodes, and the transducer is present at at least every fourth sensor node. 10. The system in accordance with claim 1, wherein an optical coupling element is arranged between the transducer node and the supply and reception unit. 11. The system in accordance with claim 1, wherein an optical filter is arranged between an exit surface of the distal light source and the optical fiber. 12. A system for monitoring the condition of rotor blades at wind turbines, wherein a plurality of sensor nodes are fastened to a rotor blade or are integrated in the rotor blade, wherein at least one respective sensor is present at the sensor nodes for the spatially resolved detection of vibrations and/or acoustic waves of the rotor blade and the sensor nodes are connected via optical fibers to a central supply and reception unit, wherein a light source is present at the central supply and reception unit and electromagnetic radiation is conducted from it via an optical fiber to a photovoltaic converter with which the received electromagnetic radiation is converted into electric energy and the electric energy is able to be used for the operation of electronics close to the sensor and of a light source or an optical modulator, by which the measured signals detected by the sensor can be transmitted to optical detectors present at the central supply and reception unit via optical fibers. 13. The system in accordance with claim 12, wherein the electronics close to the sensor of a sensor node are formed with an analog/digital converter and/or a microprocessor and/or a clock and/or a driver circuit for the light source or the optical modulator. 14. The system in accordance with claim 12, wherein a sensor/actuator is present at at least one of the sensor nodes and vibrations of the rotor blade and/or acoustic waves in the rotor blade can be detected by it and vibrations and/or acoustic waves can be excited in the rotor blade using it. 15. The system in accordance with claim 12, wherein the light source(s) is/are (a) laser tight source(s) having a vertical resonator (VCSEL) and an optical modulator is a Mach-Zehnder modulator. 16. The system in accordance with claim 12, wherein the electromagnetic radiation emitted by the light sources or the optical modulator is conducted via a common optical fiber. 17. The system in accordance with claim 12, wherein the photovoltaic converters in the sensor nodes are photovoltaic elements, in particular GaAs cells or Si PIN photodiodes. 18. The system in accordance with claim 12, wherein the sensors and/or the sensors/actuators are piezoelectric elements. 19. The system in accordance with claim 12, wherein a light source and an optical converter form an optoelectronic element of a hybrid design. 20. The system in accordance with claim 12, wherein a sensor/actuator is present at at least every fourth sensor node. 21. The system in accordance with claim 12, wherein an optical coupling element to which light fibers are connected is arranged between the sensor nodes and the supply and reception unit. 22. The system in accordance with claim 12, wherein an optical filter is arranged between the exit surface of the light source of the sensor nodes and the optical fiber. 