A method and apparatus for reducing pressure effects on an encapsulated device. In one embodiment, the apparatus comprises a power module comprising an equipment box assembly containing (i) an equipment module housing, (ii) a potted electronic device disposed within the equipment module housing, and (iii) a resilient expansion absorption layer disposed between at least a portion of the potted electronic device and at least a portion of the equipment module housing.
Claims 1. An apparatus for reducing pressure effects on an encapsulated device, comprising: a power module comprising an equipment box assembly containing (i) an equipment module housing, (ii) a potted electronic device disposed within the equipment module housing, and (iii) a resilient expansion absorption layer disposed between at least a portion of the potted electronic device and at least a portion of the equipment module housing. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the electronic device is a printed circuit board. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the electronic device comprises at least one electronic component. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the at least one electronic component is a ferrite transformer. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the resilient expansion absorption layer is formed of closed-cell foam. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the resilient expansion absorption layer has a thickness on the order of 2-4 millimeters. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the equipment box is a die-cast metal box. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the power module is a DC/DC converter. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the power module is a DC/AC inverter. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the power module is an AC/DC inverter. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a photovoltaic (PV) module, coupled to the power module, for providing a DC power to the power module. 12. A method for reducing pressure effects on an encapsulated device, comprising: potting an electronic device to produce a potted electronic device; disposing the potted electronic device within an equipment module housing; and disposing a resilient expansion absorption layer between at least a portion of the potted electronic device and at least a portion of the equipment module housing to produce an equipment box assembly. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the electronic device is a printed circuit board. 14. The method of claim 12, wherein the electronic device comprises at least one electronic component. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the at least one electronic component is a ferrite transformer. 16. The method of claim 12, wherein the resilient expansion absorption layer is formed of closed-cell foam. 17. The method of claim 12, wherein the resilient expansion absorption layer has a thickness on the order of 2-4 millimeters. 18. The method of claim 12, wherein the equipment box is a die-cast metal box. 19. The method of claim 12, further comprising disposing the equipment box assembly within a power module. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the power module is an inverter. 