The invention relates to an aerodynamic wind deflector for use with pitched panels or structures mounted on horizontal, flat surfaces. More particularly, the invention relates to a wind deflector, including a contoured surface, for deflecting aerodynamic forces away from a pitched structure, such as a solar panel, mounted to a horizontal, flat surface, such as a roof top, wherein the structure is subjected to such aerodynamic forces. The wind deflector may further include a customized fin or fins as part of the design.
Claims 1. A wind deflector comprising a device configured for mounting with a structure secured to a horizontal surface, the device having at least one curved surface positioned such that the curve is convex to the structure and receives one or more aerodynamic forces before such aerodynamic forces encounter the structure. 2. The wind deflector according to claim 1, wherein the wind deflector has a profile that is one of parabolic, quarter circle, or elliptical. 3. The wind deflector according to claim 1, wherein the wind deflector has a parabolic profile and the curvature thereof satisfies the expression: y = A ( 1 - x B ) ##EQU00003## wherein A and B are linear measurements and A<B: A=the vertical height of the structure, and B=the horizontal length of the wind deflector. 4. The wind deflector according to claim 1, wherein the wind deflector has a quarter circle profile and the curvature thereof satisfies the expression: y = A 1 - ( x B ) 2 ##EQU00004## wherein A and B are linear measurements and A=B: A=the vertical height of the structure, and B=the horizontal length of the wind deflector. 5. The wind deflector according to claim 1, wherein the wind deflector has an elliptical profile and the curvature thereof satisfies the expression: y = A 1 - ( x B ) 2 ##EQU00005## wherein A and B are linear measurements and A<B: A=the vertical height of the structure, and B=the horizontal length of the wind deflector. 6. The wind deflector according to claim 1, wherein the structure is secured to the horizontal surface at an angle of up to about 30.degree.. 7. The wind deflector according to claim 1, wherein the wind deflector further includes at least one fin on the at least one curved surface. 8. The wind deflector according to claim 7, wherein the wind deflector has a width, w, that is at least equal to the width of the structure and a height, h, that is at least equal to the distance between the horizontal surface and a highest portion of the structure, and wherein the at least one fin is configured to run parallel to the horizontal surface and the full width, w, of the wind deflector. 9. The wind deflector according to claim 1, wherein the wind deflector has a parabolic profile and is positioned to deflect enough aerodynamic force to reduce uplift by at least about 50%. 10. The wind deflector according to claim 1 wherein the structure is a solar panel and the horizontal surface is part of a roof-top, pole, tower, platform, or other structure having a horizontal surface. 11. The wind deflector according to claim 1 wherein the deflector is positioned such that a gap of at least about 1 inch exists between the highest portion of the structure and an upper edge of the deflector. 12. A method for reducing aerodynamic force impinging a roof-top solar panel comprising: a) providing a solar panel; b) mounting the solar panel to a horizontal roof-top surface affected by aerodynamic forces; c) positioning the solar panel at an angle to the surface of up to about 30.degree.; d) securing to one or both of the solar panel and the surface a wind deflector having a curved profile, wherein the wind deflector has a width, w, that is at least equal to the width of the solar panel and a height, h, that is at least equal to the distance between the horizontal roof-top surface and a highest portion of the solar panel; and e) allowing the aerodynamic forces to encounter the wind deflector before encountering the solar panel. 13. The method according to claim 12, wherein the aerodynamic forces result in the solar panel experiencing at least one of uplift and drag. 14. The method according to claim 12, wherein the wind deflector deflects enough aerodynamic force to reduce uplift by at least about 50%. 15. The method according to claim 12, wherein the deflector has a width and a height, and the width is longer than the height. 16. The method according to claim 11, wherein the wind deflector further includes at least one fin extending outwardly from a convex surface thereof. 17. The method according to claim 12, wherein the fin is configured to extend from the aerodynamic force-facing surface of the wind deflector parallel to the horizontal surface for at least the full width, w, of the wind deflector. 18. The method according to claim 12, wherein the curved profile is one of parabolic, quarter circle, or elliptical. 19. The method according to claim 12, wherein the wind deflector has a parabolic profile and the curvature thereof satisfies the expression: y = A ( 1 - x B ) ##EQU00006## wherein A and B are linear measurements and A<B: A=the vertical height of the solar panel, and B=the horizontal length of the wind deflector. 20. The method according to claim 12, wherein the wind deflector has a quarter circle profile and the curvature thereof satisfies the expression: y = A 1 - ( x B ) 2 ##EQU00007## wherein A and B are linear measurements and A=B: A=the vertical height of the solar panel, and B=the horizontal length of the wind deflector. 21. The method according to claim 12, wherein the wind deflector has an elliptical profile and the curvature thereof satisfies the expression: y = A 1 - ( x B ) 2 ##EQU00008## wherein A and B are linear measurements and A<B: A=the vertical height of the solar panel, and B=the horizontal length of the wind deflector. 22. The method according to claim 12, wherein the solar panel is secured to the horizontal roof-top surface at an angle of up to about 30.degree.. 