Embodiments of the present invention include systems and methods for performing design automation on a mobile computer system. In one example embodiment the present invention includes a computer-implemented method comprising storing design automation data on a mobile device, displaying a plurality of design automation process steps to a user, the plurality of design automation process steps guiding the user through a design automation process for a project, receiving design automation input data from the user in the mobile device for a plurality of the design automation process steps, executing one or more data processing algorithms specific to at least one of the design automation process steps, and generating output data for the design project.
Claims 1. A computer-implemented method comprising: displaying, in a graphical user interface of a mobile device, a plurality of icons and a design area, wherein the plurality of icons correspond to different solar power installation process steps, and wherein the plurality of solar power installation process steps guide a user through a solar power installation process for a project, and wherein the design area displays the solar power installation project; receiving, in the mobile device, selection of the icons; displaying, in the graphical user interface in response to selection of a particular icon, a process step specific user interface, the process step specific user interface comprising a plurality of graphical components specific to particular solar power installation process steps; receiving, in the mobile device, input data for the solar power installation project from the user for the plurality of solar power installation process steps, wherein the input data comprises physical attributes of a solar power installation at a particular installation site, and wherein the solar power installation project is customized for the particular installation site based on the input data from the user in the mobile device; and generating installation documentation for the solar power installation project based on the input data. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising receiving a custom template, the custom template comprising a plurality of computer aided design blocks tailored for a particular project, wherein the custom template is modified in response to said selection of icons and said receiving input data to produce said installation documentation. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the graphical user interface receives a predefined set of user input actions, and wherein one or more of the user input actions are mapped to computer aided design functions, and the computer aided design functions are executed to modify predefined blocks in a template and to modify a model of the solar power installation project. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein the installation documentation comprises a bill of materials and engineering drawings for a particular authority having jurisdiction where said solar power installation project is located. 5. The method of claim 1 further comprising checking the input data for the solar power installation project from the user and generating an engineering escalation if the input data does not pass particular predefined criteria for said check. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein the process step specific user interface comprises a user interface for adjusting dimensions of a building structure. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein the process step specific user interface comprises a user interface for specifying obstructions on a surface of a building structure. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein the process step specific user interface comprises a user interface for specifying mounting planes on a surface of a building structure for mounting solar panels. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein the process step specific user interface comprises a user interface for configuring electrical components of a solar energy system, the method further comprising validating the electrical configuration of said solar energy system. 10. The method of claim 1 wherein the physical attributes comprise electrical attributes and structural attributes. 11. A non-transitory computer readable medium embodying a computer program for performing a method, said method comprising: displaying, in a graphical user interface of a mobile device, a plurality of icons and a design area, wherein the plurality of icons correspond to different solar power installation process steps, and wherein the plurality of solar power installation process steps guide a user through a solar power installation process for a project, and wherein the design area displays the solar power installation project; receiving, in the mobile device, a selection of the icons; displaying, in the graphical user interface, a process step specific user interface, the process step specific user interface comprising a plurality of graphical components specific to particular solar power installation process steps; receiving, in the mobile device, input data for the solar power installation project from the user for the plurality of solar power installation process steps, wherein the input data comprises physical attributes of a solar power installation at a particular installation site, and wherein the solar power installation project is customized for the particular installation site based on the input data from the user in the mobile device; and generating installation documentation for the solar power installation project based on the input data. 12. The non-transitory computer readable medium of claim 11 further comprising receiving a custom template, the custom template comprising a plurality of computer aided design blocks tailored for a particular project, wherein the custom template is modified in response to said selection of icons and said receiving input data to produce said installation documentation. 13. The non-transitory computer readable medium of claim 11 wherein the graphical user interface receives a predefined set of user input actions, and wherein one or more of the user input actions are mapped to computer aided design functions and the computer aided design functions are executed to modify predefined blocks in a template and to modify a model of the solar power installation project. 14. The non-transitory computer readable medium of claim 11 wherein the installation documentation comprises a bill of materials and engineering drawings for a particular authority having jurisdiction where said solar power installation project is located. 15. The non-transitory computer readable medium of claim 11 further comprising checking the input data for the solar power installation project from the user and generating an engineering escalation if the input data does not pass particular predefined criteria for said check. 16. The non-transitory computer readable medium of claim 11 wherein the process step specific user interface comprises a user interface for adjusting dimensions of a building structure. 17. The non-transitory computer readable medium of claim 11 wherein the process step specific user interface comprises a user interface for specifying obstructions on a surface of a building structure. 18. The non-transitory computer readable medium of claim 11 wherein the process step specific user interface comprises a user interface for specifying mounting planes on a surface of a building structure for mounting solar panels. 19. The non-transitory computer readable medium of claim 11 wherein the process step specific user interface comprises a user interface for configuring electrical components of a solar energy system, the method further comprising validating the electrical configuration of said solar energy system. 20. The non-transitory computer readable medium of claim 11 wherein the physical attributes comprise electrical attributes and structural attributes. 