Various embodiments of the present disclosure provide methods, systems, and devices for monitoring one or more utilities consumed within a monitored area. At least certain disclosed methods include detecting an amount of a first utility consumed by a load associated with a device. An amount of a second utility consumed by a load associated with the device is detected. The identity of the device is determined based on the amount of the first and second utility consumed. In further disclosed methods, a utility monitoring method is disclosed that includes measuring an amount of a utility consumed by a first device at a first time and an amount of a utility consumed by a second device at a second time. The identity of the first device is determined based on the measured consumption of the first and second devices at the first and second time. In certain implementations, the electricity meter uses an effective variance analysis of the conductance waveform on an electrical circuit to identify specific appliances.
Claims 1. A utility monitoring method comprising: measuring an amount of a first utility consumed by a load associated with a device; measuring an amount of second utility consumed by a load associated with the device; and based on the amount of the first and second utilities measured, determining the identity of the device. 2. The utility monitoring method of claim 1, wherein the first utility and the second utility are electricity, water, gas, oil, propane, coal, hydrogen, or solar power. 3. The utility monitoring method of claim 1, wherein the first and second utilities are consumed at different times. 4. A utility monitoring method comprising: measuring an amount of a utility consumed by a first device at a first time to determine a utility amount consumed by the first device; measuring an amount of a utility consumed by a second device at a second time, which may be the same as the first time, to determine a utility amount consumed by the second device; and determining the identity of the first device based on the measured consumption of the first and second devices at the first and second time. 5. The utility monitoring method of claim 4, wherein determining the identify of the first device based on the measured consumption of the first and second devices at a first and second time comprises selecting the more probable sequence of consumption of the first device and a first possible second device and the first device and a second possible second device. 6. The utility monitoring method of claim 4, wherein the utility amount consumed by the first device is an amount of a first utility consumed by the first device, further comprising measuring an amount of second utility consumed the first device. 7. The utility monitoring method of claim 6, wherein the utility amount consumed by the second device is an amount of a first utility consumed by the second device, further comprising measuring an amount of a second utility consumed the second device. 8. The utility monitoring method of claim 4, further comprising measuring an amount of a utility consumed by the first device at a third time, which may be the same as the second time if the second time is different than the first time. 9. A utility monitoring system comprising: an electricity monitor in communication with an electrical source to a monitored area; a water monitor in communication with a water source to the monitored area; a signal processor in communication with the electricity monitor and the water monitor; and a user interface device in communication with the signal processor; whereby data from the electricity meter is disaggregated into individual load components and presented to a user. 10. The utility monitoring system of claim 9, further comprising a user computer in communication with the user interface device. 11. The utility monitoring system of claim 10, wherein the user computer is in communication with a remote network. 12. The utility monitoring system of claim 9, wherein the electricity meter is in communication with each of a plurality of circuits. 