The present invention is a solar heat collector having heat pipe. A heat exchanger has accommodating space and an opening recess. The opening recess has a screw thread and a though hole. The connecting barrel includes a pipe tube has a tunnel. The pipe tube is threadedly connected to the opening recess. An end of the heat pipe is inserted through the tunnel and the through hole and located in the accommodating space. Cool water following into the heat exchanger takes away the heat of the heat pipe. The heat exchange process of the heat pipe proceeds by the phase change of working fluid.
Claims 1. A solar heat collector having heat pipe, comprising: a heat exchanger having a shell and an accommodating space surrounded by the shell, wherein the outer surface of the shell has an opening recess not passing through the shell and the inner surface of the opening recess has a plurality of first screw threads and the opening recess has at least one through hole connecting to the accommodating space; a connecting barrel comprising a pipe tube having a tunnel, wherein the outer surface of the pipe tube has a plurality of second screw threads for threadedly connecting with the first screw threads of the opening recess; and at least one heat pipe comprising a main body and a working fluid disposed in the main body, wherein an end of the heat pipe is inserted through the tunnel and the through hole and located in the accommodating space, wherein cool water flowing into the heat exchanger takes away the heat of the heat pipe, and the heat exchange process of the heat pipe proceeds by the phase change of working fluid. 2. The solar heat collector as claim 1, further comprising a heat collecting frame for mounting the heat exchanger and the heat pipe. 3. The solar heat collector as claim 1, further comprising at least one heat collecting plate for fixedly mounting the heat pipe. 4. The solar heat collector as claim 1, wherein the heat exchanger has a water inlet and a water outlet opposite to the water inlet, cool water flows into the heat exchanger from the water inlet, the water passing through the heat pipe flows out from the water outlet. 5. The solar heat collector as claim 1, further comprising a sealing ring arranged between the opening recess and the pipe tube. 6. The solar heat collector as claim 5, wherein the inner diameter of the sealing ring is equal to the diameter of the heat pipe. 7. The solar heat collector as claim 5, wherein the pipe tube has a chamfer at the peripheral of the tunnel, and the sealing ring is compressed toward the heat pipe by the chamfer. 8. The solar heat collector as claim 7, wherein the chamfer is oblique from the inner surface of the pipe tube to the outer surface of the pipe tube. 9. The solar heat collector as claim 1, wherein the opening recess has an inner chamfer oblique formed from the bottom side of the opening recess toward the accommodating space. 10. The solar heat collector as claim 1, wherein the diameter of the through hole is slightly larger than the diameter of the heat pipe. 11. The solar heat collector as claim 10, wherein the through hole is located at the center of the opening recess. 12. The solar heat collector as claim 1, wherein the connecting barrel further comprises a rotatable head connecting to the pipe tube, the tunnel passes through the pipe tube and the rotatable head. 13. The solar heat collector as claim 12, wherein the diameter of the tunnel is slightly larger than the diameter of the heat pipe. 14. The solar heat collector as claim 12, wherein the tunnel is located at the center of the pipe tube and the rotatable head. 15. The solar heat collector as claim 1, wherein the first screw threads are inner screw threads and the second screw threads are outer screw threads. 