An autonomous passive solar tracker having a thermal actuator that is connected through a cable and pulley and drum to a spring. The drum and spring are mounted on a cross beam of the tracker frame. The cable is attached on one end to the actuator push rod. It then threads through the pulley and wraps around the drum. The spring biases the tracker to pivot towards one direction, and the actuator when heated and extended forces the tracker to pivot in the opposite direction. The tracker is oriented so that the spring has a bias to pivot the tracker to the east, and the outward force of the actuator rod against the cable causes the actuator to pivot to the west. One may take advantage of this tracking by attaching a solar collector to the frame of the tracker.
Claims 1. A radiant energy driven orientation system comprising: A. a support beam with base; B. a pivotable frame having an axis and comprising two parallel beams, two end cross beams and one center cross beam; C. a thermal actuator with actuator rod, said actuator having a medial side and a lateral side a proximal end and a distal end, said actuator mounted at the end of one of said end cross beams, said actuator rod having an actuator rod proximal end immersed in said actuator distal end and an actuator rod distal end not immersed in said actuator; D. a fin for shading and illuminating said actuator, said fin attached to said medial side of said actuator and at right angles to said end cross beam; E. an extension rod having a proximal end and a distal end, said extension rod proximal end attached to said actuator rod distal end, said extension rod distal end attached to a cable; F. a pulley attached to said frame around which pulley said cable is threaded; G. a drum rotatably mounted on said center cross beam around which drum said cable wraps; H. a spring for biasing a pivot of said frame away from the end cross beam on which said actuator is mounted, such that when said actuator is cool and said actuator rod is retracted said spring causes said frame to pivot away from the end cross beam on which said actuator is mounted, and as said actuator heats and said actuator rod extends said actuator causes said frame to pivot towards the end cross beam on which said actuator is mounted. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the frame is pivotable about a generally north/south axis, and where said actuator is located at the west end of the frame so that movement of the sun from east to west during the day heats the actuator and causes it to extend its rod and tilt the frame eastward to follow the sun, the spring forcing the tracker at nightfall to pivot eastwards in preparation for the morning sunrise. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the axis of the frame is inclined to horizontal to direct the frame toward the path of the sun. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the frame includes a flat mounting surface for solar panels. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein pivoting of the frame is limited to .+-.55 degrees from vertical. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said actuator employs a paraffin that melts above 130 degrees Fahrenheit. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said actuator is covered with an insulated water jacket. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said fin is formed as a partial paraboloid. 9. A radiant energy driven orientation system comprising: A. a support beam having a proximal end and a distal end, with a base connected to support beam proximal end; B. a bracket having a body and a distal end and a proximal end, the bracket body pivotably connected to the support beam distal end; C. a t-shaped frame having a center beam and a cross beam, the center beam having a proximal end and a distal end, the center beam proximal end pivotably connected to the bracket proximal end, the cross beam having a body and a proximal end and a distal end, the center beam distal end connected to the cross beam body; D. a first end beam and a second end beam, each end beam having a body and a proximal end and a distal end, the first end beam body attached to the cross beam proximal end, the first end beam body having a hole adjacent the cross beam proximal end, the second end beam body attached to the cross beam distal end; E. a thermal actuator with actuator rod, said actuator having a medial side and a lateral side a proximal end and a distal end, said actuator rod having an actuator rod proximal end immersed in said actuator distal end and an actuator rod distal end not immersed in said actuator, a shelf perpendicularly attached to the actuator rod distal end, the shelf having a shelf first hole and a shelf second hole; F. a fin for shading and illuminating said actuator, said fin attached to said medial side of said actuator, said actuator mounted on the first end beam body and at right angles to said cross beam; G. a pulley attached to the actuator rod distal end; H. a cable having a distal end and a proximal end, the cable proximal end attached to the shelf first hole, the cable threaded on the pulley, the cable threaded through the shelf second hole, the cable threaded through the first end beam body hole, the cable distal end attached to the bracket distal end; I. a spring for biasing a pivot of said frame away from the first end beam on which said actuator is mounted, the spring having a distal end and a proximal end, the spring proximal end attached to the bracket body, the spring distal end attached to a ring bracket positioned on the cross beam, the ring bracket adjacent the second end beam, such that when said actuator is cool and said actuator rod is retracted said spring causes said frame to pivot away from the first end beam, and as said actuator heats and said actuator rod extends said actuator causes said frame to pivot towards the first end beam on which said actuator is mounted. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the axis of the frame is inclined to horizontal to direct the frame toward the path of the sun. 11. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the frame includes a flat mounting surface for solar panels. 12. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein pivoting of the frame is limited to .+-.55 degrees from vertical. 13. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein said actuator employs a paraffin that melts above 130 degrees Fahrenheit. 14. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein said actuator is covered with an insulated water jacket. 15. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein said fin is formed as a partial paraboloid. 