An information processing apparatus includes: a plurality of electric power generating elements; detection means for determining whether each of the plurality of electric power generating elements has an electromotive force equal to or higher than a predetermined value; determination means determining an input operation performed by a user by identifying an electric power generating element having an electromotive force below the predetermined value when at least one of the plurality of electric power generating elements is determined as having an electromotive force below the predetermined value according to the detection means; processing means carrying out a process associate with the input operation determined by the determination means; and bypass means which is provided in parallel with the electric power generating elements and through which a current flows when the electric power generating elements have an electromotive force below the predetermined value.
Claims 1.-9. (canceled) 10. An information processing apparatus comprising: a plurality of electric power generating elements; a determination unit configured to determine whether each electric power generating element in the plurality of electric power generating elements has an electromotive force equal to or higher than a first predetermined value; an identification unit configured to identify an electric power generating element having an electromotive force below the first predetermined value when at least one of the plurality of electric power generating elements is determined as having an electromotive force below the first predetermined value according to the determination unit; and a bypass unit which is provided in parallel with at least one of the electric power generating elements and through which a current flows when at least the electric power generating element identified by the identification unit has an electromotive force below the first predetermined value. 11. The information processing apparatus according to claim 10, wherein the plurality of electric power generating elements are connected in series. 12. The information processing apparatus according to claim 10, further comprising: a controller configured to execute a process associated with a location of the electric power generating element identified by the identification unit as having an electromotive force below the first predetermined value. 13. The information processing apparatus according to claim 12, further comprising: a total output monitoring unit configured to monitor a total output from the plurality of electric power generating elements. 14. The information processing apparatus according to claim 13, wherein the controller is further configured not to execute the process when the result of the monitoring by the total output monitoring unit is lower than a second predetermined value. 15. The information processing apparatus according to claim 10, further comprising: a total output monitoring unit configured to monitor a total output from the plurality of electric power generating elements; and wherein the identification unit does not identity an electric power generating element having an electromotive force below the first predetermined value when the result of the monitoring by the total output monitoring unit is lower than a second predetermined value. 16. The information processing apparatus according to claim 10, wherein the electric power generating elements are solar battery cells. 17. The information processing apparatus according to claim 10, wherein the apparatus is incorporated into a mobile phone. 18. A monitoring device comprising: a monitoring unit configured to monitor whether each electric power generating element in a plurality of electric power generating elements has an electromotive force equal to or higher than a first predetermined value; an identification unit configured to identify an electric power generating element having an electromotive force below the first predetermined value according to the monitoring by the monitoring unit; and a bypass element configured to bypass the electric power generating element identified by the identification unit, wherein a current flows through the bypass element when the electric power generating element identified by the identification unit has an electromotive force below the first predetermined value. 19. The monitoring device according to claim 18, wherein the plurality of electric power generating elements are connected in series. 20. The monitoring device according to claim 18, further comprising: a controller configured to execute a process associated with a location of the electric power generating element identified by the identification unit as having an electromotive force below the first predetermined value. 21. The monitoring device according to claim 20, further comprising: a total output monitoring unit configured to monitor a total output from the plurality of electric power generating elements. 22. The monitoring device according to claim 21, wherein the controller is further configured not to execute the process when the result of the monitoring by the total output monitoring unit is lower than a second predetermined value. 23. The monitoring device according to claim 18, further comprising: a total output monitoring unit configured to monitor a total output from the plurality of electric power generating elements; and wherein the identification unit does not identity an electric power generating element having an electromotive force below the first predetermined value when the result of monitoring by the total output monitoring unit is lower than a second predetermined value. 24. The monitoring device according to claim 18, wherein the electric power generating elements are solar battery cells. 25. The monitoring device according to claim 18, wherein the monitoring device is incorporated into a mobile phone. 26. A method for monitoring a plurality of electric power generating elements comprising: monitoring a plurality of electric power generating elements; determining whether each electric power generating element in the plurality of electric power generating elements has an electromotive force equal to or higher than a first predetermined value; identifying an electric power generating element having an electromotive force below the first predetermined value; and bypassing the identified electric power generating element using a bypass element, wherein the bypassing comprises passing a current through the bypass element when the identified electric power generating element has an electromotive force below the first predetermined value. 27. The method according to claim 26, wherein the monitoring comprises monitoring a plurality of electric power generating elements that are connected in series. 28. The method according to claim 26, further comprising: executing a process in a controller, wherein the process is associated with a location of the identified electric power generating element having an electromotive force below the first predetermined value. 29. The method according to claim 28, further comprising: monitoring a total output from the plurality of electric power generating elements. 30. The method according to claim 29, wherein the executing a process in the controller does not occur when the result of the monitored total output is lower than a second predetermined value. 31. The method according to claim 26, further comprising: monitoring a total output from the plurality of electric power generating elements; and wherein the identifying an electric power generating element does not occur when the result of the monitored total output is lower than a second predetermined value. 32. The method according to claim 26, wherein the monitoring a plurality of electric power generating elements comprises monitoring a plurality of solar battery cells. 33. The method according to claim 26, wherein the method for monitoring occurs in a mobile phone. 