A method of concentrating directional radiant energy using reflective optics and receivers that convert that energy wherein the receivers are situated in the body of the reflector on risers parallel to the direction of radiant energy, each said riser bounded by at least one parabolic mirror lying closer and another lying farther from the energy source, where the focus or foci of said mirrors lie substantially in the direction faced by the receiver situated in said riser. The reflector geometries include ones in which the mirrors are parabolic cylinder sections and require only one-axis tacking to focus, and ones in which the mirrors are paraboloid sections and require two-axis tracking to focus sunlight.
Claims 1-16. (canceled) 17. A solar concentrating device comprising: a plurality of slats, wherein each of the plurality of slats comprises: at least one first elongate reflective surface configured to focus incident solar radiation onto at least one first receiver; at least one second elongate reflective surface configured to focus incident solar radiation onto at least one second receiver; and an aperture defined by the at least one first elongate reflective surface and the at least one second elongate reflective surface; and a mounting structure mechanically coupled to the plurality of slats and configured to retract the array of slats into a compact stack. 18. The solar concentrating device of claim 17, comprising a solar tracking controller, wherein the plurality of slats is configured to track incident solar radiation. 19. The solar concentrating device of claim 17, comprising a solar tracking controller, wherein each of the plurality of slats is configured to independently track incident solar radiation. 20. The solar concentrating device of claim 19, wherein a signal derived from at least one of the receivers is used as an input to the solar tracking controller. 21. The solar concentrating device of claim 17, wherein the at least one first receiver and the at least one second receiver comprise photovoltaic cells. 22. The solar concentrating device of claim 17, wherein a centerline of the aperture defines a tilt axis, and the mounting structure is configured to independently tilt each of the plurality of slats about the tilt axis. 23. The solar concentrating device of claim 17, wherein each of the plurality of slats is characterized by a V-shaped cross-section having a width and a depth, wherein the width is about half the depth. 24. The solar concentrating device of claim 17, wherein the at least one first elongate reflective surface comprises: an upper first elongate reflective surface and a lower first elongate surface; and a first riser connecting the upper first elongate surface and the lower first elongate surface. 25. The solar concentrating device of claim 24, wherein the first riser is configured to retain the at least one second receiver. 26. The solar concentrating device of claim 24, wherein the at least one second receiver is mounted on the first riser. 27. The solar concentrating device of claim 17, wherein the at least second elongate reflective surface comprises: an upper second elongate reflective surface and a lower second elongate surface; and a second riser connecting the upper second elongate surface and the lower second elongate surface. 28. The solar concentrating device of claim 27, wherein the second riser is configured to retain the at least one first receiver. 29. The solar concentrating device of claim 27, wherein the at least one first receiver is mounted on the second riser. 30. The solar concentrating device of claim 27, wherein the first elongate reflective surface and the second elongate reflective surface are connected at an end opposite the aperture. 31. The solar concentrating device of claim 17, wherein the mounting structure is configured as a window-type enclosure. 32. The solar concentrating device of claim 17, wherein the plurality of slats is configured such that an edge of the aperture of one of the plurality of slats is configured to abut with an edge of an aperture of an adjacent one of the plurality of slats. 33. The solar concentrating device of claim 17, wherein each of the at least one first receiver and each the at least one second receiver are strips comprising photovoltaic cells and electrical conductors, wherein: the photovoltaic cells are arranged in clusters, each cluster occupying a short span of the strip and the totality of clusters occupying the length of the strip; the electrical conductors comprise a negative rail and a positive rail extending a length of the strip; the photovoltaic cells in each cluster are electrically connected to each other in series; and each cluster is electrically connected in parallel to the negative and to the positive rail. 34. The concentrating device of claim 17, wherein each of the plurality of slats is configured to conduct heat away from the at least one first receiver and from the at least one second receiver. 35. A solar concentrating device comprising: a first elongate reflective surface comprising a first upper elongate reflective surface, a first lower elongate reflective surface and a riser connecting the first upper elongate reflective surface and the first lower elongate reflective surface; and a second elongate surface; wherein the first elongate reflective surface and the second elongate reflective surface define an aperture; the first elongate reflective surface is configured to direct incident solar radiation onto the second elongate reflective surface; and the second elongate reflective surface is configured to focus incident solar radiation and radiation directed from the first elongate reflective surface to a line focus in the vicinity of the riser. 36. The solar concentrating device of claim 35, wherein one or more photovoltaic cells are disposed in the vicinity of the line focus. 37. The solar concentrating device of claim 35, wherein one or more photovoltaic cells are mounted on the riser. 38. A solar concentrating device comprising: a mounting structure; and a plurality of slats mechanically coupled to the mounting structure, wherein each of the plurality of slats comprises: an upper side and a length; a receiver affixed to the upper side and extending along the length; at least one first elongate reflective surface, a second elongate reflective surface, and a third elongate reflective surface, wherein each reflective surface is disposed on the uppers side of the slat and is configured such that incident radiation falling on the first elongate reflective surface is focused directly onto the receiver, and incident radiation falling on the second elongate reflective surface is focused indirectly onto the receiver by reflection from the third elongate reflective surface. 39. The solar concentrating device of claim 38, wherein: the first elongate reflective surface is adjacent to the third elongate reflective surface; and the second reflective surface is adjacent to the receiver. 