Various configurations of solar collectors are defined. Some solar collectors are formed from flat glass mirrors. Some solar collectors are formed by bending a sheet along a curve.
Claims 1. A solar collector comprising: a plurality of flat glass mirrors, each flat glass mirror having two opposing ends and two opposing substantially parallel sides that are generally orthogonal to the ends and that define a longitudinal direction; and a frame structure to constrain each flat glass mirror with a plurality of hold-down features disposed along the longitudinal direction of each flat glass mirror, wherein each flat glass mirror is deflected and constrained to form a deflected flat glass mirror with curved mirror surface having a focal zone that is parallel to that flat glass mirror's curved surface, and wherein solar light is reflected from the plurality of deflected flat glass mirrors to a solar light concentration zone. 2. The solar collector of claim 1 wherein: the opposing ends of each of the flat glass mirrors form a lower end and an opposing upper end and the sides form a lower edge and an opposing upper edge; the solar collector has a longitudinal focal plane and a transverse focal plane; the lower end of each of the flat glass mirrors is disposed adjacent the transverse focal plane; the curved mirror surface of each of the flat glass mirrors forms a parabolical surface, and the longitudinal direction of flat glass mirrors is disposed in a direction that is generally parallel to the longitudinal focal plane and the flat glass mirrors are disposed offset from each other in a direction that is generally perpendicular to their sides such that for an interior flat glass mirror the lower edge of each interior flat glass mirror is disposed adjacent the upper edge of an adjacent flat glass mirror, and the focal zones of adjacent flat glass mirrors are angularly offset from each other in the transverse focal plane. 3. The solar collector of claim 1 wherein: the opposing ends of each of the flat glass mirrors form a lower end and an opposing upper end and the sides form a lower edge and an opposing upper edge; the solar collector has a longitudinal focal plane and a transverse focal plane; the lower end of each of the flat glass mirrors is disposed adjacent the transverse focal plane; the curved mirror surface of each of the flat glass mirrors forms a parabolical surface, and the flat glass mirrors are disposed in a direction that is generally parallel to the longitudinal focal plane and are disposed offset from each other in a direction that is generally perpendicular to their sides such that for an interior flat glass mirror the lower edge of each interior flat glass mirror is disposed adjacent the upper edge of an adjacent flat glass mirror, and the focal zones of adjacent flat glass mirrors are angularly offset from each other in the transverse focal plane, wherein the plurality of flat glass mirrors concentrate the solar light in bow-tie shaped concentration zone on the transverse focal plane adjacent the longitudinal focal plane. 4. The solar collector of claim 1 wherein the curved mirror surface of each flat glass mirror is substantially parabolic in shape. 5. The solar collector of claim 1 wherein the curved mirror surface of each flat glass mirrors comprises substantially-symmetrical-arc-shaped segments. 6. The solar collector of claim 1 wherein the frame comprises at least three hold-down points along the longitudinal direction to form a curved surface that a first portion of the curved surface is above a parabola drawn through a set of three of the at least three hold-down points and a second portion of the curved surface is below a parabola drawn through the set of three hold-down points. 7. The solar collector of claim 1 wherein the frame structure comprises a plurality of ribs each rib being mated with one of the plurality of flat glass mirrors with each rib having an edge with a parabolical shape corresponding to the parabolical curve of the parallel sides of the mated flat glass mirror and having tabs in an alternating pattern over the parallel sides of the flat glass mirror to deflect and constrain the mated flat glass mirror toward the edge having the parabolical shape. 8. The solar collector of claim 1 wherein the frame structure comprises a plurality of braces, each brace being disposed adjacent and substantially perpendicular to at least one of the parallel sides of at least one of the plurality of flat glass mirrors, each brace being disposed in a pattern having a substantially parabolical shape and that are configured to at least in part to deflect and constrain the adjacent flat glass mirror in the parabolical shape. 9. The solar collector of claim 1 wherein: the plurality of flat glass mirrors have a reflecting surface and an opposing back surface; and the frame construction for each flat glass mirror comprises a plurality of guides, each guide having a parabolical mounting surface and each guide having a two opposing parabolical edges, wherein the parabolical mounting surface of each guide is mated with the back surface of one of the plurality of flat glass mirrors. 10. The solar collector of claim 1 wherein the frame construction comprises a plurality of plates with each plate having a slot with a parabolical contour and each plate being mated with one of the plurality of flat glass mirrors such that a portion of the mated flat glass mirror is disposed within the slot, wherein the mated flat glass mirror is deflected and constrained by the parabolical contour of the slot. 11. A solar collector having a longitudinal focal plane and a transverse focal plane comprising: a plurality of mirror segments each mirror segment having a lower end and an opposing upper end and a lower side and an opposing upper side wherein, each mirror segment comprises a parabolical curved surface having focal zone; the lower end of each of the mirror segments is disposed adjacent the transverse focal plane, the mirror segments are disposed in a direction that is generally parallel to the longitudinal focal plane and are disposed offset from each other in a direction that is generally perpendicular to their sides such that for an outward mirror segment the lower edge of each outward mirror segment is disposed adjacent the upper edge of an adjacent mirror segment, and the focal zones of adjacent mirror segments are angularly offset from each other in the transverse focal plane. 12. The solar collector of claim 11 wherein each mirror segment comprises a compound parabolical surface. 13. The solar collector of claim 11 wherein each mirror segment comprises a compound curve mirror formed from a sheet material that is bent along a curve. 14. The solar collector of claim 11 wherein each mirror segment comprises a compound curve mirror formed from a sheet material that is bent along a curve. 15. The solar collector of claim 11 where in the plurality of mirror segments comprises a plurality of flat glass mirrors, each flat glass mirror having two opposing ends and two opposing substantially parallel sides that are generally orthogonal to the ends and that define a longitudinal direction, and each flat glass mirror having a substantially flat shape when in a free state, and wherein the solar collector panel further comprises a frame structure configured to deflect and constrain each flat glass mirror with a plurality of hold-down sites disposed along the longitudinal direction of each flat glass mirror, wherein each flat glass mirror forms a curved mirror surface having a focal zone that is parallel to that flat glass mirror's curved surface, and wherein solar light is reflected from the plurality of constrained flat glass mirrors to a solar light concentration zone. 16. A solar collector comprising: a plurality of solar reflectors each having each having two opposing edges, each edge formed as a compound parabolical curve, with at least one of the edges of each solar reflector being disposed adjacent one of the edges of another solar reflector. 17. The solar collector of claim 16 wherein the two opposing edge are formed as substantially congruent compound parabolical curves. 18. The solar collector of claim 16 wherein the two opposing edges are substantially parallel. 19. The solar collector of claim 16 wherein the edges of each of the plurality of solar reflectors taper and the plurality of solar reflectors are disposed in a parabolical surface of revolution. 20. The solar collector of claim 16 wherein the solar reflectors are formed as a thin material comprising bends perpendicular to the reflective surface along the two opposing edges. 21. A method of creating both a portion of a trough and a conical surface adjacent to the trough to support the trough comprising bending a sheet along a curve. 22. The method of claim 21 wherein after bending the sheet along the curve an edge is formed that lies in more than one geometric plane. 23. The method of claim 21 wherein after bending the sheet along the curve the trough comprises a parabolical shape. 