A universal solar module mounting system includes a plurality of vertical posts and a plurality of parallel and horizontal beams. Each of the beams is supported above the ground by one or more of the posts. Purlins are coupled to the beams with purlin clips and fasteners. The purlin clips or beams can include parallel and adjacent slots. Fasteners are placed through the slots and the slots allow the purlins to be positioned on the beams to properly support the specific solar modules being used. Mounting components are used to secure each of the solar modules to two or more of the purlins.
Claims 1. An adjustable apparatus for rigidly coupling a solar module to a plurality of beams comprising: a plurality of purlins; a plurality of purlin clips, each of purlin clips having a vertical portion that is rigidly coupled to one of the purlins and a horizontal portion that is rigidly coupled to one of the beams; a plurality of spacer clips, each of the spacers having a lower surface that is rigidly coupled to an upper surface of one of the purlins and an upper surface that is rigidly coupled to a bottom surface of the solar module; and a module clip having a portion that is rigidly coupled to an upper edge of the solar module. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the horizontal portion of each of the purlin clips includes a slot that is aligned with the length of one of the beams. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the horizontal portion of each of the purlin clips includes two or more parallel slots that are aligned with the length of one of the beams. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein each of the beams includes one or more slots and one of the purlin clips is rigidly secured to the beams over each of the slots. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein each of the beams includes two or more adjacent parallel slots and one of the purlin clips is rigidly secured to the beams over each of the adjacent parallel slots. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the purlin clips are rigidly attached to the beams with threaded fasteners. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the plurality of purlins have an "I" cross section, a "Z" cross section or a "C" cross section. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the spacer clip includes a spacer tab extending upward from an upper surface of the spacer clip and a lower edge of the solar module is adjacent to the spacer tab. 9. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the spacer clip includes an engagement tab extending upward from an upper surface of the spacer clip and the engagement tab is positioned within a recess on a lower surface of the solar module. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: a plurality of module fasteners, each of the module fasteners is positioned through one of the module clips and one of the spacer clips. 11. An adjustable apparatus for rigidly holding a solar module comprising: a plurality of posts that each extend vertically from a surface; a plurality of beams, each beam is coupled to an upper end of one or more of the plurality of posts and extends horizontally; a plurality of purlins that are coupled to two or more of the plurality of posts; a plurality of purlin clips, each of purlin clips having a vertical portion that is rigidly coupled to one of the purlins and a horizontal portion that is rigidly coupled to one of the beams; a plurality of mounting components for securing the solar module to two more of the plurality of purlins. 12. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein the horizontal portion of each of the purlin clips includes a slot that is aligned with the length of one of the beams. 13. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein the horizontal portion of each of the purlin clips includes two or more parallel slots that are aligned with the length of one of the beams. 14. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein each of the beams includes one or more slots and one of the purlin clips is rigidly secured to the beams over each of the slots. 15. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein each of the beams includes two or more adjacent parallel slots and one of the purlin clips is rigidly secured to the beams over each of the adjacent parallel slots. 16. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein the purlin clips are rigidly attached to the beams with threaded fasteners. 17. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein the plurality of purlins have an "I" cross section, a "Z" cross section or a "C" cross section. 18. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein the plurality of mounting components includes a spacer tab that is adjacent to a lower edge of the solar module. 19. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein the plurality of mounting components includes an engagement tab that is positioned within a recess on a lower surface of the solar module. 20. The apparatus of claim 11 further comprising: a plurality of module fasteners, each of the module fasteners is positioned through one of the module clips and one of the spacer clips. 