A durable dock light for mounting into a top void on a floating dock. The light has a housing and lens cover that complement the shape of the top dock void. The housing also extends through the dock through hole into the bottom void of the dock. Spring clips are attached to the housing that extends into the bottom void of the dock thus removably mounting the dock light to the dock. The housing and lens cover define a chamber which houses a power storage device, such as a battery, a power collecting device, such as a solar panel, and a light generating device, such as a light emitting diode (LED). The dock light provides a fast solution to lighting a floating dock without costly wiring or electrical cost. The dock light provides lighting at night, making it safer for persons and watercraft operating on or around the dock.
Claims 1. a dock light for removable securable insertion into a dock having at least one top void formed therein with a through hole connecting to a bottom void therein where an embodied illumination source can emit and project light outward from at least one or more of said top void and or said bottom void, the said dock light comprising: (a.) a complementary shaped housing for mounting into said top void of said dock. (b.) a transparent lens cover extending to the top of said top void in said dock, thus making said transparent lens cover at least level with the top surface of said dock, thus filling said top void in said dock. (c.) where said top transparent lens can withstand the weight of persons walking or standing on said top transparent lens cover. (d.) a light source within said housing and said transparent lens cover. 2. a dock light as set forth in claim 1 wherein said dock light has an affixing apparatus to hold said dock light to said dock, comprising: (a.) grooves formed into the bottom sides of said housing (b.)spring clips mounted to said housing within said grooves that extend outward from said housing into said bottom void in said dock. 3. a dock light as set forth in claim 1 wherein said housing and said transparent lens cover are designed to cage in and protect said illumination source from the outside elements and forces exerted on said housing and said transparent lens cover 4. a dock light as set forth in claim 1 wherein a solar lighting unit may exist within said housing and said transparent lens cover providing a method for said illumination source emitting and projecting said light outward from at least one or more of said top void and or bottom void in said dock. 5. a dock light as set forth in claim 1 wherein said illumination source is said solar lighting unit, which is self contained, comprising: (a.) a solar panel for collecting energy from the sun. (b.) a storage cell to store energy collected from said solar panel (c.) a light emitting diode to provide said light. (d.) a circuit board to control power intake from said solar panel and power output to said light emitting diode from said storage cell. 