Methods and systems monitor the activity usage level of a printing apparatus and place the printing apparatus into a power saving mode based on the activity usage level. Such methods and systems sense whether the power supply is to be disconnected from the graphic user interface based on the printing device going into the power saving mode. The graphical user interface comprises a bistable display that continues to show a most recently provided screenshot after the power supply is disconnected. Such methods and systems cause the graphic user interface to display power saving mode information of the printing apparatus (instructions for a user to take to have the printing apparatus leave power saving mode) immediately prior to the power supply being disconnected from the graphic user interface, such that the graphic user interface continues to display the power saving mode information after being disconnected from the power supply.
Claims 1. A printing apparatus comprising: at least one processor; at least one printing engine operatively connected to said processor; and at least one graphic user interface operatively connected to said processor; and at least one power supply connected to said processor, said printing engine, and said graphic user interface, said processor controlling whether said power supply is connected to and supplies power to said graphic user interface when said printing apparatus is in power saving mode, said graphical user interface comprising a bistable display that continues to show a most recently provided screenshot after said power supply is disconnected from said graphic user interface, and said processor causing said graphic user interface to display power saving mode information of said printing apparatus immediately prior to said processor disconnecting said power supply from said graphic user interface such that said graphic user interface displays said power saving mode information after being disconnected from said power supply. 2. The printing apparatus according to claim 1, said processor delaying disconnection of said power supply from said graphic user interface until said power saving mode information is displayed on said graphic user interface. 3. The printing apparatus according to claim 1, said power saving mode information comprising instructions for a user to take to have said printing apparatus leave said power saving mode. 4. The printing apparatus according to claim 1, said power saving mode information comprising consumable supply levels and warning messages. 5. The printing apparatus according to claim 1, said bistable display comprising one of an electrophoretic display, an e-ink display, and a bichromal balls display. 6. A printing apparatus comprising: at least one processor; at least one printing engine operatively connected to said processor; at least one graphic user interface operatively connected to said processor; at least one main power supply connected to said graphic user interface, said processor controlling whether said power supply is connected to and supplies power to said graphic user interface when said printing apparatus is in power saving mode; and an auxiliary power supply connected to said graphic user interface, said graphical user interface comprising a bistable display that continues to show a most recently provided screenshot after said power supply is disconnected from said graphic user interface, said graphic user interface engaging said auxiliary power supply to allow said graphic user interface to display power saving mode information of said printing apparatus immediately after to said processor disconnects said power supply from said graphic user interface such that said graphic user interface displays said power saving mode information after being disconnected from said power supply, and said graphic user interface disengaging said auxiliary power supply once said graphic user interface to displays said power saving mode information. 7. The printing apparatus according to claim 6, said auxiliary power supply comprising one of a battery, and a solar power supply. 8. The printing apparatus according to claim 6, said power saving mode information comprising instructions for a user to take to have said printing apparatus leave said power saving mode. 9. The printing apparatus according to claim 6, said power saving mode information comprising consumable supply levels and warning messages. 10. The printing apparatus according to claim 6, said bistable display comprising one of an electrophoretic display, an e-ink display, and a bichromal balls display. 11. A printing apparatus comprising: at least one processor; at least one printing engine operatively connected to said processor; at least one graphic user interface operatively connected to said processor; and at least one power supply connected to said processor, said printing engine, and said graphic user interface, said processor placing said printing apparatus into a power saving mode based on an activity usage level of said printing apparatus; said processor controlling whether said power supply is connected to and supplies power to said graphic user interface when said printing apparatus is in said power saving mode, said graphical user interface comprising a bistable display that continues to show a most recently provided screenshot after said power supply is disconnected from said graphic user interface, and said processor causing said graphic user interface to display power saving mode information of said printing apparatus immediately prior to disconnecting said power supply from said graphic user interface in response to said processer determining that said printing apparatus should be in said power saving mode, such that said graphic user interface displays said power saving mode information after being disconnected from said power supply. 12. The printing apparatus according to claim 11, said processor delaying disconnection of said power supply from said graphic user interface until said power saving mode information is displayed on said graphic user interface. 13. The printing apparatus according to claim 11, said power saving mode information comprising instructions for a user to take to have said printing apparatus leave said power saving mode. 14. The printing apparatus according to claim 11, said power saving mode information comprising consumable supply levels and warning messages. 15. The printing apparatus according to claim 11, said bistable display comprising one of an electrophoretic display, an e-ink display, and a bichromal balls display. 16. A method comprising: monitoring an activity usage level of a printing apparatus having a graphic user interface; commanding said printing apparatus to go into a power saving mode based on said activity usage level; sensing whether a power supply is to be disconnected from said graphic user interface based on said printing device going into said power saving mode, said graphical user interface comprising a bistable display that continues to show a most recently provided screenshot after said power supply is disconnected from said graphic user interface, and causing, using said processor, said graphic user interface to display power saving mode information of said printing apparatus immediately prior to said power supply being disconnected from said graphic user interface such that said graphic user interface displays said power saving mode information after being disconnected from said power supply. 17. The method according to claim 16, further comprising delaying, using said processor, disconnection of said power supply from said graphic user interface until said power saving mode information is displayed on said graphic user interface. 18. The method according to claim 16, said power saving mode information comprising instructions for a user to take to have said printing apparatus leave said power saving mode. 19. The method according to claim 16, said power saving mode information comprising consumable supply levels and warning messages. 20. The method according to claim 16, said bistable display comprising one of an electrophoretic display, an e-ink display, and a bichromal balls display. 