The invention relates to an arrangement having at least one electric potential-varying device for varying the electric potential of at least one electrical device with respect to earth potential, and a plant room facility. In the operating state, the electric potential-varying device is disposed in the plant room facility.
Claims 1-11. (canceled) 12. An arrangement with at least one electric potential-varying device for varying the electric potential of at least one electrical device in relation to earth potential, comprising a plurality of photovoltaic cells and at least one plant room facility, the electric potential-varying device as well as at least one transformer device being at least partly arranged in the at least one plant room facility during operation, characterised in that at least parts of the photovoltaic cells are grouped electrically in such a way that, at least in certain areas, the individual groups comprise different current paths for the generated current. 13. The arrangement according to claim 12, wherein the at least one plant room facility is made at least partly as a building facility and/or lockable facility and/or at a central location. 14. The arrangement according to claim 12, wherein the at least one plant room facility serves the purpose of at least partly accommodating further components, in particular inverter devices. 15. The arrangement according to claim 12, wherein the at least one plant room facility serves the purpose of at least partly accommodating at least one transformer device and at least one inverter device. 16. The arrangement according to claim 12, wherein at least parts of a photovoltaic plant, for example at least one transformer device, at least one inverter device, at least one photovoltaic cell module, at least one photovoltaic cell panel and or at least one, preferably designed to be movable, support device, in particular for at least one photovoltaic cell, at least one photovoltaic cell module and/or at least one photovoltaic cell panel, preferable characterised in that the arrangement is made as a photovoltaic power plant. 17. The arrangement according to claim 16, wherein the at least one inverter device is made as a galvanically isolating inverter device and as a galvanically non-isolating inverter device and/or as a two-phase alternating current generating inverter device and as a three-phase alternating current generating inverter device and as a multi-phase alternating current generating inverter device. 18. The arrangement according to claim 12, wherein the electric potential of at least one negative voltage line and/or at least one positive voltage line and/or at least one alternating voltage line and at least one neutral conductor line is varied. 19. The arrangement according to claim 12, wherein at least partly and/or at least in certain areas, the size of the potential displacement is changeable, at least partly and/or at least with regard to range, and is particularly time dependent, light-intensity dependent, temperature dependent, voltage dependent, current dependent and/or depends on the control input via an interface device. 20. The arrangement according to claim 15, wherein at least parts of the photovoltaic cell modules and/or at least parts of the photovoltaic cell panels are grouped electrically in such a manner that at least in certain areas the individual groups have different current paths for the generated current. 21. The arrangement according to claim 15, wherein at least parts of at least one inverter are arranged adjacent to at least one photovoltaic device. 22. The arrangement according to claim 12, wherein at least one switching device and/or at least one safety device, at least one electric potential-varying device preferably being arranged between the at least one switching device and/or the at least one safety device and at least one electrical device, for example in particular at least one transformer device and/or at least one inverter device. 