Apparatuses and methods described herein may allow markers of interest to be located and identified according to an industry and item of interest. In one embodiment, an outdoor light fixture apparatus comprises a housing comprising a mounting surface and a top surface, a solar panel affixed to the top surface of the housing, a mounting mechanism affixed to the mounting surface, and a rechargeable battery positioned within the housing. The outdoor light fixture apparatus also comprises a first light emitting diode with a first light color corresponding to the American Public Works Association Uniform Color Code for an industry classification of an item of interest at or near the outdoor light fixture apparatus, a second light emitting diode with a second light color, wherein the second light emitting diode is separated from the first light emitting diode by a distance, and a printed circuit board positioned within the housing, wherein the printed circuit board comprises at least one switch to control the first and second light colors and wherein the distance separating the first and second light emitting diodes is such that the first light emitting diode is visually discernable from the second light emitting diode.
Claims 1. An outdoor light fixture apparatus comprising: a housing comprising a mounting surface and a top surface; a solar panel affixed to the top surface of the housing; a mounting mechanism affixed to the mounting surface; a rechargeable battery positioned within the housing; a first light emitting diode with a first light color corresponding to the American Public Works Association Uniform Color Code for an industry classification of an item of interest at or near the outdoor light fixture apparatus; a second light emitting diode with a second light color, wherein the second light emitting diode is separated from the first light emitting diode by a distance; and a printed circuit board positioned within the housing, wherein the printed circuit board comprises at least one switch to control the first and second light colors; wherein the distance separating the first and second light emitting diodes is such that the first light emitting diode is visually discernable from the second light emitting diode. 2. The outdoor light fixture apparatus of claim 1, wherein the mounting mechanism is a mounting tape. 3. The outdoor light fixture apparatus of claim 1, wherein the first and second light colors are identical. 4. The outdoor light fixture apparatus of claim 1, wherein the first and second light emitting diodes are not identical. 5. The outdoor light fixture apparatus of claim 1, wherein the rechargeable battery is a 900 milliamp-hour rechargeable nickel-cadmium battery. 6. The outdoor light fixture apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a photo cell connected to the printed circuit board. 7. The outdoor light fixture apparatus of claim 6, wherein the printed circuit board contains hardware logic executable to activate and deactivate the solar panel based on an input from the photo cell. 8. The outdoor light fixture apparatus of claim 1, wherein the distance separating the first and second light emitting diodes is greater than or equal to 1 inch. 9. The outdoor light fixture apparatus of claim 1, wherein the first and second light colors are adjustable by manually configuring the at least one switch on the printed circuit board. 10. The outdoor light fixture apparatus of claim 1, wherein the industry classification of the item of interest is one of the following: water industry, electrical industry, construction industry, telecommunications industry, sewerage industry, oil industry, emergency services industry or gas industry. 11. The outdoor light fixture apparatus of claim 1, wherein the item of interest is one of the following: pipeline, valve, meter, regulator, branch connection, electronics, fire hydrant, cable route, surface equipment, or underground splice. 12. A method of identifying a marker of interest comprising: identifying a first light color for a first light emitting diode corresponding to the American Public Works Association Uniform Color Code; identifying a second light color for a second light emitting diode based on an item of interest located at or near a marker of interest; providing an outdoor light fixture apparatus including a printed circuit board, wherein the printed circuit board comprises at least one switch to assign the first and second light colors; programming the printed circuit board such that the first light color for the first light emitting diode corresponds to the American Public Works Association Uniform Color Code; programming the printed circuit board such that the second light color of the second light emitting diode corresponds to the item of interest; and affixing the outdoor light fixture apparatus to the marker of interest using a mounting mechanism. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the mounting mechanism is a mounting tape. 14. The method of claim 12, further comprising activating and deactivating the first and second light emitting diodes with the printed circuit board based on input from a photo cell. 15. The method of claim 12, further comprising activating and deactivating a solar panel with the printed circuit board based on input from a photo cell. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein a rechargeable battery is connected to the solar panel. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising powering the first and second light emitting diodes with the rechargeable battery. 18. The method of claim 12, wherein the first and second light colors are identical. 19. The method of claim 12, wherein the first and second light colors are not identical. 20. The method of claim 12, wherein the printed circuit board has executable instructions. 