A road mounted traffic radar system detects the speed of oncoming vehicles using a speed measuring system. The speed is displayed to the driver using a suitable illuminated first display panel. If the speed is over the posted limit, the penalty for the amount of speed over the posted limit is displayed on a second illuminated display panel. The penalty can be expressed In monetary terms or as a combination of monetary and demerit points.
Claims 1. A highway speed monitoring and penalty display system comprising: a. a speed measuring device for generating a speed signal of a target vehicle; b. a first microprocessor for converting said speed signal into a measured speed of said target vehicle; c. a first display for displaying said measured speed of the target vehicle to a driver of the target vehicle; d. a second microprocessor for converting the measured speed of the target vehicle to a penalty; e. a second display for displaying said penalty to said driver and, f. an integral power source for powering the system. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said speed measuring device is one of a Doppler radar device, a LIDAR device and a video camera. 3. The system of claim 2 further comprising a first bulk data storage device connected to said first microprocessor for recording a set of data comprising at least; a vehicle field, a recorded speed field for said vehicle, a time of day field and an amount over the posted speed limit field for the vehicle. 4. The system of claim 3 wherein the first microprocessor calculates said amount over the posted speed limit field for the vehicle and stores the amount in said amount over the posted speed limit field for retrieval, 5. The system of claim 4 further wherein said video camera device obtains a digital photograph of the identity license plate of the vehicle. 6. The system of claim 5 wherein said first bulk data storage device further includes a data field for storage of said digital photograph. 7. The system of claim 6 wherein said power source Is one or a combination of AC power, DC battery power and solar power. 8. The system of claim 7 further comprising a transmitter for transmitting said set of data to a control centre. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein the penalty comprises a set of penalties stored on a second bulk data storage device. 10. The system of claim 9 wherein said set of penalties Includes a fine and a number or demerit points. 11. The system of claim 10 wherein said second display is disposed below the first display. 12. The system of claim 11 wherein the second display is integrated into the first display. 13. The system of claim 12 wherein the second display displays said fine only. 14. The system of claim 13 wherein the second display displays the fine and then said number of demerit points sequentially. 15. The system of claim 14 wherein said transmitter transmits by one of a radio frequency, a cellular telephone and a land line. 