A device for fixing elements in the form of plates to a roof cover for a building, at a distance therefrom, the cover including, on the surface, a coating or a sealing layer attached to the essentially continuous support forming the roof, the device including blocks that can be height-adjustable or not, for supporting and holding the plate-shaped elements, each block having a base with a lower smaller plate to be applied to the surface of the cover and secured thereto, and a head or upper part for directly or indirectly supporting at least one plate-shaped element, the bottom face of the smaller plate (9) of the base (8) of each block (7) being provided with a part (11) of the plate, forming a protector, which is mechanically fixed to the smaller plate (9).
Claims 1. A device for fixing elements in the form of plates, panels, or the like, on a building roof cover, with spacing from the latter, with said cover comprising at the surface a covering or a sealing layer that is connected to the essentially continuous support that forms the roof, on a layer or a sealing covering that is subjacent, or on a thermal insulation layer that covers this support, with this device comprising studs for support and holding at an adjustable height for the elements in the form of plates, panels, or the like, each of these studs having a base with a small lower plate that is designed to rest on the surface of the cover and to be made integral with the latter, and a head or an upper portion that is designed to support directly or indirectly one or more elements in the form of plates, panels or the like, the device (1) characterized in that the small plate (9) of the base (8) of at least certain studs (7), preferably each stud (7), is equipped on the underside with a part (11) of a plate, panel, membrane or connected sheet forming a protector, whose surface area is preferably larger than that of the small plate (9), in that each protector (11) is made of a material that is compatible with and/or of the same nature as the layer or the surface covering (4) of the cover (3) and is able to be linked to this layer or this covering (4) by an adhesive connection, and in that each protector (11) is fixed mechanically to the small plate (9) of the base (8) of the corresponding stud (7), with the material of the protector (11) advantageously having a significant deformation and tear resistance. 2. The device according to claim 1, wherein the mechanical attachment is made at several points (12), preferably distributed over the periphery or along the small plate (9) of the base (8) of the stud (7), each point (12) comprising a mechanical attachment element (13) that goes through the protector (11) and is combined with a plate or a washer (14) that is designed to press said protector (11) locally against said small plate (9). 3. The device according to claim 1, wherein the mechanical attachment is made by pinching, on the one hand, at least the protector (11) between the small plate (9) of the base (8) of the stud (7) and a counter-plate connected to said small plate (9) by fixing elements that pass through said protector (11). 4. The device according to claim 1, wherein the protector (11) is made of a material that is capable of forming and designed to form a surface adhesive connection with the layer or the surface covering (4) of the cover (3), whereby said connection is of the type that is selected from the group that is formed by the connections by bonding with a connected bonding agent, the cold adhesion connections and the welding connections, whereby said adhesive surface connection is provided to extend preferably essentially over the entire surface of the protector (11). 5. The device according to claim 1, wherein each stud (7) consists of two bodies (8, 10) that are preferably made of a synthetic material and that correspond respectively to the base (8) and to the head (10), each of which is equipped with a small plate (9, 15), with the two bodies (8, 10) comprising screwing ramps (16, 16') that work together and that produce the assembly of said bodies (8, 10) and make it possible to adjust the distance between the small upper plate (15) that equips the head (10) and the small lower plate (9) that equips the base (8). 6. The device according to claim 1, wherein each stud (7) consists of, on the one hand, a base (8) that is formed by a small plate (9) that is extended by or that carries an intermediate connecting body (17), and, on the other hand, a head (10) that is formed by a threaded rod (17') or a projecting attachment element or analogous mechanical connection and an elongated or surface support element (18) that is connected rigidly to said rod (17') or the like, which itself is connected rigidly to the intermediate connecting body (17), the connection [support element (18)/threaded rod or the like (17')] and/or the connection [threaded rod or the like (17')/intermediate connecting body (17)] allowing a height adjustment of the stud (7) that is being considered, with a possibility of locking in position. 7. The device according to claim 5, wherein at least some of the studs (7) comprise a means (22) for damping and/or absorption of shocks and vibrations, for example, in the form of a cylinder block made of an elastomer material, at the base (8), at the head (10), or else between these two constituent parts of the stud (7) that is being considered. 8. The device according to claim 1, wherein the head or the upper portion (10) of each stud (7) integrates or is integral with an elongated or profiled support body (18), such as, for example, a rail that extends essentially parallel to the small plate (9) of the base (8) of the stud (7) that is being considered, with said elongated or profiled support body (18) comprising individual or continuous anchoring sites (19) for hooking means (20), either directly elements (2) in the form of plates, panels or the like, or second support elements or profiled rails (21) that carry and hold these elements (2), for example by means of second hooking means (20') or else intermediate mounting parts (23, 23') for these second profiled support elements (21). 9. The device according to claim 8, wherein the profiled or elongated support bodies (18) of the studs (7) form with the second profiled support elements (21) a two-dimensional framing of support and attachment of the elements (2) in the form of plates, panels or the like. 10. The device according to claim 8, wherein the intermediate mounting parts (23, 23') consist of intermediate fastenings of at least two different sizes, with each fastening (23, 23') having lower hooking feet (20), designed to be fixed in the anchoring sites (19) of the support body (18), and an upper portion (24) with an inclined mounting site (24') for the second support elements or profiled rails (21) that are designed to carry the elements (2) and to hold them by using second hooking means (20'), with the fastenings (23, 23') of the two sizes being arranged according to a network in a pair of fastenings of different sizes and in alignments of fastenings of the same size in such a way as to allow their respective inclined mounting sites to be located in the same inclined plane. 11. The device according to claim 9, wherein the attachment points of the elements (2) in the form of plates, panels or the like can be adjustable within the three dimensions, with a possibility of two-dimensional adjustment in a plane that is parallel to the plane of the cover (3) owing to the framing formed by the profiled support elements (18) of the studs (7), the second profiled elements (21), and the sliding hooking means (20), and with possible adjustment in a direction that is essentially perpendicular to the plane of the cover (3) owing to the studs (7). 12. A device for fixing elements in the form of plates, panels, or the like, on a building roof cover, with spacing from the latter, with said cover comprising on the surface a covering or a sealing layer that is connected to the essentially continuous support that forms the roof, on a layer or a sealing covering that is subjacent, or on a thermal insulation layer that covers this support, with this device comprising studs for support and holding for the elements in the form of plates, panels, or the like, each of these studs having a base with a small lower plate that is designed to rest on the surface of the cover and to be made integral with the latter, and a head or an upper portion that is designed to support directly or indirectly one or more elements in the form of plates, panels or the like, the device (1) wherein the small plate (9) of the base (8) of at least certain studs (7), preferably each stud (7), is equipped on the underside with a portion (11) of a plate, panel, membrane or connected sheet forming a protector, whose surface area is preferably larger than that of the small plate (9), wherein each protector (11) is made of a material that is compatible with and/or of the same nature as the layer or the surface covering (4) of the cover (3) and is able to be linked to this layer or this covering (4) by an adhesive connection, and wherein each protector (11) is fixed mechanically to the small plate (9) of the base (8) of the corresponding stud (7), with the material of the protector (11) advantageously having a significant deformation and tear resistance, and at least the upper portion or head (10) of at least certain studs (7) advantageously having a larger extension in one direction, preferably a profiled composition. 13. The attachment device according to claim 12, wherein each stud (7) comprises a body (8, 10) that has a one-piece structure, with the base (8) and the head (10) being formed from a single piece. 14. The attachment device according to claim 13, wherein the body (8) consists of a metal profiled segment, with the head (10) forming a rail with a central longitudinal groove (25) that can accommodate hooking means (20, 20') and with two side wings (26) that are located on either side of the groove (25), forming longitudinal support strips. 15. The attachment device according to claim 12, wherein the mechanical attachment of the protector (11) with the small plate (9) consists of a mechanical attachment that goes through the protector (11) and is combined with a plate or a washer (14) that is designed to press said protector (11) locally against said small plate (9), with the elongated or profiled support bodies (18) comprising individual or continuous anchoring sites (19) for hooking means (20). 16. A roofing system with two integrated components comprising a lower airtight cover with a covering or a surface sealing layer, preferably a synthetic or bituminous sealing membrane, and an upper layer that consists of elements in the form of plates, panels or the like, located with spacing from the lower airtight cover, system wherein the elements (2) of the upper layer are carried and held on the cover (3) by an attachment device (1) according to claim 1. 17. The system according to claim 16, wherein the surface adhesive connection between the protector (11) and the layer or the covering (4) on the surface of the cover (3) is a connection by bonding, with the bonding agent being an additional connected agent. 18. The system according to claim 16, wherein the surface adhesive connection between the protector (11) and the layer or the surface covering (4) of the cover (3) is a cold adhesion connection, with the underside of the protector (11) comprising a covering that has suitable properties. 19. The system according to claim 16, wherein the surface adhesive connection between the protector (11) and the layer or the surface covering (4) of the cover (3) is a connection by welding, the protector (11) and the layer or surface covering (4) being preferably based on a bituminous or synthetic sealing membrane. 20. The system according to claim 16, wherein the surface adhesive connection between the protector (11) and the layer or the surface covering (4) of the cover (3) extends essentially over the entire surface of the underside of the protector (11). 21. The system according to claim 16, wherein the airtight cover (3) has on the surface a bituminous sealing membrane (4), optionally being part of a sealing complex with two superposed layers, and wherein the elements (2) of the upper layer consist of photovoltaic panels. 22. A stud for support and attachment designed to be part of an attachment device according to claim 1, comprising, on the one hand, a base with a small lower plate that is designed to rest on and to be made integral with a layer or a sealing covering forming the surface component of a roof cover, and, on the other hand, a head or upper portion designed to support directly or indirectly one or more elements in the form of plates, panels, or the like, the stud (7) wherein the small plate (9) of the base (8) is equipped on the underside with a portion (11) of a plate, panel, sheet or connected membrane that forms a protector, whose size or surface area is preferably larger than that of the small plate (9), which consists of a material that is compatible with and/or of the same nature as the layer or surface covering (4) of the cover (3) in question and that can be linked to this layer or to this covering (4) by an adhesive connection, with said protector (11) being fixed mechanically to the small plate (9) of the base (8), with the material of said protector (11) advantageously having a significant deformation and/or tear resistance. 23. The stud according to claim 22, wherein the base (8) and the head (10) form two separate parts that are assembled with one another to constitute the body of said stud (7), whose height is adjustable. 24. The stud according to claim 22, wherein the base (8) and the head (10) are made of a single piece and together form the one-piece body of the stud (7), with this body having a profiled composition. 