Devices, systems and methods for operating, monitoring and diagnosing photovoltaic arrays used for solar energy collection. The system preferably includes capabilities for monitoring or diagnosing an array by automatically disconnecting portions of the array during normal service (when load is not maximum, and observing the resulting change in electrical characteristics. More intensive diagnostic procedures can be launched if needed. One embodiment provides for performing monitoring or diagnostic operations on the array in daylight or at night. Another embodiment allows monitoring or diagnostic operations to be performed on a portion of the array while other parts of the array continue to collect energy. Yet another embodiment provides a safety mode for an array for maintenance or during emergencies.
Claims 1.-19. (canceled) 20. A method of monitoring a photovoltaic array with a plurality of strings of photovoltaic cells comprising the following steps: automatically electrically disconnecting one or more strings of photovoltaic cells from a photovoltaic array; performing a diagnostic test on the strings remaining connected; initiating an alert condition if results of the diagnostic test are outside of an expected range; and automatically electrically reconnecting the one or more strings. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein said diagnostic test uses a bidirectional AC-DC converter to apply a DC potential to said at least one string of photovoltaic cells. 22. (canceled) 23. The method of claim 20, wherein said diagnostic test performs an IV curve trace on ones of said cells. 24. The method of claim 20, wherein said steps are repeated, from time to time during normal operation, for each said string. 25. The method of claim 20, wherein said automatically disconnecting step is performed at regular intervals. 26. The method of claim 20, wherein said automatically disconnecting step is performed only when electrical load is below a ceiling value. 27. A photovoltaic power generation system comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic cells; a power converter which is connected to groups of said photovoltaic cells through a plurality of switches; and control logic which operates said switches such that: during normal operation, most or all of said photovoltaic cells are connected to provide power to a power converter; at various but not all times during normal operation, various, but less than all, of said cells are automatically disconnected from power converter; wherein one or more diagnostic tests are run while various of said cells are disconnected. 28. The system of claim 27, wherein said converter is bidirectional, and said diagnostic test uses said converter to apply a DC potential to at least various ones of said photovoltaic cells. 29. (canceled) 30. The system of claim 27, wherein said diagnostic test performs an IV curve trace on ones of said cells. 31.-32. (canceled) 33. (canceled) 34. A photovoltaic power generation system comprising: Two or more strings of photovoltaic cells; A first circuit path with conductors switchably connected to each string of photovoltaic cells; A second circuit path with conductors switchably connected to each string of photovoltaic cells; Wherein first and second circuit paths are configured so that, in a first switchable configuration, corresponding to a normal operating mode, a positive end of each string of photovoltaic cells is connected to the first circuit path and in a second switchable configuration, corresponding to a safety mode, a positive end of one string and a negative end of a second strong are connected to said first circuit path and the opposite end of each string is connected to said second circuit path. 35. (canceled) 