An autonomous tracking device (1) for a vehicle, comprising: a support member (10) having a front face (11), a GPS module (2) having a GPS antenna (20), a transceiver (3) adapted to wirelessly send tracking data (30) with vehicle locations data to a remote unit, a rechargeable battery (8), a solar photocell array (4) placed on the front face or on the back face of the device, and adapted to supply the rechargeable battery, sticking means (5) extending on a portion of the front face (11) of the support member, adapted to be fixed to a surface of the dashboard or to an inner surface (26) of a windshield (25) of a vehicle.
Claims 1. An autonomous tracking device for a vehicle, comprising: a support member having a front face, a GPS antenna adapted to receive GPS signals, a transceiver adapted to wirelessly send data to a remote unit, a control unit adapted to compute a vehicle current location according to said GPS antenna signals and adapted to send tracking data comprising at least said current location of the vehicle to said remote unit via said transceiver, at least a rechargeable battery, at least a solar photocell-adapted to supply the rechargeable battery, characterized in that the device further comprises: sticking means extending on at least a portion of the front face of the support member, whereby said tracking device can be fixed to a surface of a passenger compartment of a vehicle. 2. The autonomous tracking device according to claim 1, wherein the solar photocell is placed on said front face and the sticking means are adapted to be fixed to the inner surface of a windshield of the vehicle. 3. The autonomous tracking device according to claim 1, wherein the sticking means are adapted to be fixed to a portion of the surface of the dashboard of the vehicle, wherein the tracking device has a housing with a back face opposite to the front face and wherein the solar photocell is placed on the back face. 4. The autonomous tracking device according to claim 1, wherein said sticking means comprises an adherent layer. 5. The autonomous tracking device according to claim 4, wherein said adherent layer is translucent. 6. The autonomous tracking device according to claim 1, wherein said sticking means comprises at least a suction cup. 7. The autonomous tracking device according to claim 1, wherein said transceiver is a short-range radio transceiver. 8. The autonomous tracking device according to claim 1, wherein said transceiver is a cellular wireless transceiver. 9. The autonomous tracking device according to claim 1, further comprising an acceleration sensor. 10. The autonomous tracking device according to claim 9, wherein the acceleration sensor is a three-dimension accelerometer. 11. The autonomous tracking device according to claim 9, wherein the tracking device has at least a sleep mode and a tracking mode in which the vehicle current location is periodically computed, wherein the acceleration sensor is adapted to detect an acceleration greater than a predetermined threshold, and adapted to wakeup the tracking device, wherein the tracking device changes from said sleep mode to said tracking mode in response to the detection of said acceleration. 12. The autonomous tracking device according to claim 1, wherein the tracking device has at least a sleep mode, a tracking mode and a alarm mode in which an alarm is transmitted to the remote unit, further comprising an anti-tampering housing having a sensor adapted to detect an opening of said housing and adapted to wakeup the device in response to the detection of said opening, wherein the tracking device changes from said sleep mode or said tracking mode to said alarm mode in response to the detection of said opening. 13. The autonomous tracking device according to claim 1, further comprising a microphone, said tracking device being adapted to transmit signals generated by said microphone to the remote unit. 14. The autonomous tracking device according to claim 1, further comprising an auxiliary battery, adapted to be recharged by the solar photocell and adapted to supply the battery. 15. The autonomous tracking device according to claim 4, wherein said adherent layer has a thermal conductivity coefficient less than 2 W/.degree. K/m. 16. A tracking system comprising an autonomous tracking device according to claim 1, and further comprising a distant server adapted to collect and to handle the tracking data. 17. The tracking system comprising an autonomous tracking device according to claim 7, and further comprising a remote unit which is connected to and supplied by an on-board diagnosis port of the vehicle, said remote unit being adapted to receive said tracking data from said autonomous tracking device through a short-range radio transceiver. 18. A vehicle comprising an autonomous tracking device according to claim 1, wherein said tracking device is fixed to a surface of a passenger compartment of a vehicle. 19. A vehicle comprising an autonomous tracking device according to claim 7, and a remote unit which is connected to and supplied by an on-board diagnosis port of the vehicle, said remote unit being adapted to receive said tracking data from said autonomous tracking device through a short-range radio transceiver. 20. A method for handling vehicle location tracking information, comprising an autonomous tracking device according to claim 1, and comprising the steps of: performing a GPS vehicle location computation, transmitting a tracking data comprising said vehicle location, via the transceiver. 21. A method for handling vehicle location tracking information, comprising an autonomous tracking device according to claim 1, and comprising the steps of: periodically performing a GPS location computation at a first frequency, generating a collection of vehicle locations as a function of the time to constitute tracking data, periodically transmitting said tracking data at a second frequency, the second frequency being slower than the first frequency. 22. A method for handling vehicle location tracking information, comprising an autonomous tracking device according to claim 9, and comprising the steps of: monitoring the acceleration sensor, comparing the acceleration sensor information with a predetermined threshold, powering up the autonomous tracking device if the acceleration sensor information is greater than said predetermined threshold. 