The solar power system includes one or more solar panels removably installed atop the roof or upper surface of a motor vehicle or non-motorized vehicle (e.g., a trailer). In one embodiment, the vehicles (semi-trailers, passenger buses, vans, etc.) are parked in a yard or terminal, and the electrical power produced by the solar panels atop the vehicles is delivered to a fixed local distribution system in the yard or terminal area. The power produced may be used for the normal electrical needs of the operation, and any excess power may be sold to the local municipal electric company or other relatively wide area electrical grid. In another embodiment, the solar panels generate electrical power while the vehicles are traveling, and the electrical power is stored aboard the vehicles until the vehicles reach a destination where the power can be transferred to the fixed local distribution system for use.
Claims 1. A solar power system, comprising: at least one solar panel adapted for removable attachment to an upper surface of a vehicle; a fixed, local electrical power distribution network; and an electrical connector extending from the solar panel, the electrical connector being adapted for temporary connection to the local electrical power distribution network; whereby electrical power produced by the solar panel is delivered to the local electrical power distribution network. 2. The solar power system according to claim 1, further comprising: means for temporarily storing electrical power generated by the at least one solar panel on board the vehicle; and a second electrical connector extending from the means for temporarily storing electrical power, the second electrical connector being adapted for temporary connection to the local electrical power distribution network; whereby electrical power produced by the flexible solar panel and temporarily stored by the means for temporarily storing electrical power is delivered to the local electrical power distribution network. 3. The solar power system according to claim 1, further comprising a vehicle terminal, the fixed, local electrical power distribution network being disposed therewith. 4. The solar power system according to claim 1, wherein the local power distribution network includes a connection point selected from the group consisting of at least one overhead cable having at least one drop line cord extending therefrom and at least one loading dock receptacle cord. 5. The solar power system according to claim 1, wherein the solar panel includes clearance areas selected from the group consisting of transparent lighting display panels and roof openings. 6. The solar power system according to claim 1, further comprising an electrical monitoring system communicating electrically with the local electrical power distribution network. 7. The solar power system according to claim 1, further comprising at least one vehicle selected from the group consisting of semi-trailers, passenger buses, and vans, the at least one solar panel being mounted on the at least one vehicle. 8. A solar power system, comprising: at least one solar panel adapted for removable attachment to an upper surface of a vehicle; means for temporarily storing electrical power generated by the at least one solar panel on board the vehicle; a fixed, local electrical power distribution network; and an electrical connector extending from the means for temporarily storing electrical power, the electrical connector being adapted for temporary connection to the local electrical power distribution network; whereby electrical power produced by the at least one solar panel and temporarily stored by the means for temporarily storing electrical power is delivered to the local electrical power distribution network. 9. The solar power system according to claim 8 further comprising a second electrical connector extending from the solar panel, the second electrical connector being adapted for temporary connection to the local electrical power distribution network, whereby electrical power produced by the at least one solar panel is delivered to the local electrical power distribution network. 10. The solar power system according to claim 8, further comprising: a vehicle terminal, the fixed, local electrical power distribution network being disposed therewith; and a second electrical connector extending from the solar panel, the second electrical connector being adapted for temporary connection to the local electrical power distribution network; whereby electrical power produced by the at least one solar panel is delivered to the local electrical power distribution network. 11. The solar power system according to claim 8, wherein the local power distribution network includes a connection point selected from the group consisting of at least one overhead cable having at least one drop line cord extending therefrom and at least one loading dock receptacle cord. 12. The solar power system according to claim 8, wherein the flexible solar panel includes clearance areas selected from the group consisting of transparent lighting display panels and roof openings. 13. The solar power system according to claim 8, further comprising an electrical monitoring system communicating electrically with the local electrical power distribution network. 14. The solar power system according to claim 8, further comprising at least one vehicle selected from the group consisting of semi-trailers, passenger buses, and vans, the at least one solar panel being mounted on the at least one vehicle. 15. A solar power system, comprising: a vehicle terminal; a fixed local electrical power distribution network disposed at the vehicle terminal; at least one solar panel adapted for removable attachment to an upper surface of a vehicle; and an electrical connector extending from the at least one solar panel, the electrical connector being adapted for temporary connection to the local electrical power distribution network; whereby electrical power produced by the at least one solar panel is delivered to the local electrical power distribution network. 16. The solar power system according to claim 15, further comprising: means for temporarily storing electrical power generated by the at least one solar panel on board the vehicle; and a second electrical connector extending from the means for temporarily storing electrical power, the second electrical connector being adapted for temporary connection to the local electrical power distribution network; whereby electrical power produced by the at least one solar panel and temporarily stored by the means for temporarily storing electrical power is delivered to the local electrical power distribution network. 17. The solar power system according to claim 15, wherein the local power distribution network includes a connection point selected from the group consisting of at least one overhead cable with at least one drop line cord extending therefrom and at least one loading dock receptacle cord. 18. The solar power system according to claim 15, wherein the at least one solar panel includes clearance areas selected from the group consisting of transparent lighting display panels and roof openings. 19. The solar power system according to claim 15, further comprising an electrical monitoring system communicating electrically with the local electrical power distribution network. 20. The solar power system according to claim 15, further comprising at least one vehicle selected from the group consisting of semi-trailers, passenger buses, and vans, the at least one solar panel being mounted on the at least one vehicle. 