A lighting device for a utility bag including at least one moveable light source, a bracket connected to a utility bag, and a hinge device connected to the bracket and the moveable light source. The moveable light source is adjustable for targeting lighting.
Claims 1. A lighting device for a utility bag comprising: at least one moveable light source; a bracket coupled to a utility bag; and a hinge device coupled to the bracket and the at least one moveable light source, wherein the moveable light source is adjustable for targeting lighting. 2. The lighting device of claim 1, wherein the moveable light source comprises at least one light emitting diode. 3. The lighting device of claim 2, further comprising a switch device coupled to a power source and the moveable light source. 4. The lighting device of claim 3, wherein the switch device comprises a sensor device. 5. The lighting device of claim 4, wherein the sensor comprises a position determining sensor, a motion sensor, a light sensor, or a combination of the motion sensor and the light sensor. 6. The lighting device of claim 5, wherein the power source is coupled to a solar energy conversion device. 7. The lighting device of claim 3, wherein the moveable light source is rotatable for targeting lighting. 8. The lighting device of claim 7, further comprising a swivel mount coupled to the moveable light source. 9. The lighting device of claim 8, wherein the moveable light source is permanently affixed to the bracket. 10. The lighting device of claim 9, wherein the moveable light source rotates and swivels for providing lighting to an interior portion of the utility bag and for targeting lighting away from the utility bag. 11. A utility bag comprising: at least one light source; a bracket coupled to a utility bag; and a mounting device coupled to the bracket and the at least one light source, wherein the light source is adjustable for targeting lighting. 12. The utility bag of claim 11, wherein the light source comprises a plurality of light emitting diodes. 13. The utility bag of claim 12, further comprising a switch device coupled to the light source and a power source. 14. The utility bag of claim 13, wherein the switch device comprises a sensor device. 15. The utility bag of claim 14, wherein the sensor comprises a position determining sensor, a motion sensor, a light sensor, or a combination of the motion sensor and the light sensor. 16. The utility bag of claim 13, wherein the light source is rotatable for targeting lighting. 17. The utility bag of claim 16, wherein the utility bag includes a window for providing light from the light source to the interior of the utility bag. 18. The utility bag of claim 17, wherein the light source rotates and swivels for providing lighting to an interior portion of the utility bag and for targeting lighting away from the utility bag. 19. A lighting device kit for a utility bag comprising: a light source wherein the light source is adjustable for targeting lighting; a bracket coupled to the light source; a hinge device coupled to the bracket and the light source, wherein the bracket is fixable to a side portion of a utility bag. 20. The lighting device kit of claim 19, further comprising: a switch device coupled to a power source and the light source, wherein the switch device comprises a sensor device, wherein the sensor comprises a position determining sensor, a motion sensor, a light sensor, or a combined light sensor and motion sensor, wherein the light source is rotatable for targeting lighting, wherein the light source rotates and swivels for providing lighting to an interior portion of the utility bag and for targeting lighting away from the utility bag, and wherein the light source comprises a plurality of light emitting diodes. 