The invention disclosed herein relates to an integrated conduit with optional embedded conductors and connectors, specifically designed to integrate into or function as a modern day solar power array. This conduit system or "solar conduit" or "PV conduit" is designed to organize, contain, protect and route the wires, conductors, tubing, components and/or connectors commonly found in a solar power array, especially a solar photovoltaic (PV) array.
Claims 1. A solar photo-voltaic (PV) conductor management system consisting any combination of a plurality of provided components that are described as conduits, conduit hangers, fasteners, integrated PV conductors and any associated PV connectors that are designed to integrate together a system in order to provide a raceway on or in a solar power array using said components of varying scale and dimension depending upon certain design criteria specifically but not limited to the racking dimensions, racking extrusion profiles, solar module frame dimensions, conductor sizing and quantity, and the design of said solar power system specifically the type of power management units that interface, monitor and convert the power generated by the solar PV modules of the solar PV array to a usable form, usually inverting the solar electricity to alternating current (AC) waveform from direct current (DC) waveform generated by the PV modules. 2. A system of claim 1 comprising two necessary components having certain illustrated and un-illustrated design elements, an elongated or integrated "conduit" component, and a "fastener" component that are designed to integrate into one another and work together to create a solar PV wire management system that is able to install in a plurality of scenarios on a solar PV array, specifically the aforementioned "racking", "rails", "solar module frames" and/or onto the edges of a "frameless" solar module; using provided conduit and fastener components that are specifically shaped to integrate into one another and function together as a single-part or multi-part unit, wire-way, race-way. using provided fastener components that are designed to integrate with and attach the conduit or conduit hanger components to certain components of a solar power array. using provided conduit components that are designed to provide or integrate a raceway or wire-way onto a solar powerarray. 3. A system of claim 1 that is adaptable to a variety of solar power systems using the assortment of provided conduits, conduit hangers, fasteners, connectors, and integrated conductors that are designed to be interchanged, combined and fastened onto said solar power module or array and adapt to a variety of solar power system components found in the current or future marketplace of the field of the solar power. 4. A conduit component of claim 1 using certain linear, poly-linear, "arc" , "c" , "J" , "L" or other poly linear shaped extrusion profiles that are designed to install and work in conjunction with certain surfaces of the array, specifically the racking and modules of a solar array to form a fully or partially enclosed race-way that is majorly accessible along its length. 5. A conduit hanger component of claim 1 that is designed to work as a hanger that cradles, supports, fastens or integrates to the various conduit components of the system provided. 6. A fastener of claim 2 that is mouth-like in nature and is designed or shaped to press, clamp or fasten around and onto certain framing, rails, racking extrusion profiles, "frameless" solar module edges, rails or solar module frames and integrate with said conduit or conduit hanger. as a single extruded component or the fastener can integrate into a hanger for the conduit component. 7. A conduit hanger of claim 5 that is designed to be integrated with the mouth shaped fastener of claim 6 turned ninety degrees perpendicular to open portion of the hanger as to provide a conduit between the gap of two adjacently mounted modules or arrays. 8. A fastener of claim 2 that is described as a tab fastener and is designed to be identical in profile of the racking rail channel it will be inserted to, but it must be slightly smaller in scale as to allow easy insertion and sliding into and down a variety of channels commonly extruded in an assortment of racking profiles found in the field of art. 9. A fastener of claim 7 that is altered slightly in scale and shape as to easily insert ,in a perpendicular fashion, into a variety of racking rail channels by pressing the tab into said channel at a plurality of locations along the length of the channel using a collapsible tab that collapses upon insertion and expands to structural fasten said conduit or conduit hanger to the racking rail of said array. 10. A grounding washer that is designed to integrate with said conduit hanger of claim 5 and work together to mount directly between a single or plurality of aluminum solar module frames and the adjacent aluminum mounting rails or structural racking of a solar array, thereby effectively electrically bonding the plurality aluminum components together and simultaneously providing a hanger to support the conduit between spans of ideally two module lengths. 11. A grounding conduit hanger of claim 9 with certain design features embedded on the grounding washer component that are designed to penetrate the anodized, galvanized or enamel coatings on the adjacent metal array components upon being clamped between the two metal surfaces to create a secure electric bond for grounding or conduction purposes. 12. A grounding conduit hanger of claim 9 that has a hole centrally located on the grounding washer component of the hanger which is designed to allow passage of a "mid-clamp" bolt or "end-clamp" bolt that is commonly used to install the clamps that are used to secure solar modules down to the respective supporting rails in a solar photovoltaic array. 13. A provided conductor management system that may be integrated, attached, fastened, embedded and/or co-extruded into the racking or module components of a solar array in the manufacturing environment, prior to onsite installation; by fastening the conduit to the array components using the fastening hardware designs provided here-in. by integrating the provided conduit or variations thereof with array racking during the manufacturing, extrusion or assembly process. by embedding or integrating the conduit using other manufacturing methods considered practical in the related fields of the art. using roll forming methods or other manufacturing molding or forming techniques considered obvious and practical in the related fields of the art. 14. A conductor management system of claim 12, which works to embody certain integrated conductors, wires, and connectors that may be embedded, coextruded and/or pre-terminated in the conduit raceway or PV module and are used to route, control, invert and/or monitor the electrical current or power produced by the solar modules . 15. A solar wire-management system, wherein an integrated conduit and fastener component may be made using a design that is engineered to be manufactured from a flexible material as to be collapsible or flexible enough to be packaged in a "reel", which is a rolling circular method of packaging. 16. A conductor management system of claim 12 wherein the components of the system may be manufactured from various plastics, composites, metals and natural materials known to withstand the elements that solar power systems encounter such as but not limited to polyvinyl chloride (PVC), acrylonitrile styrene acrylate (ASA), stainless steel, galvanized or anodized aluminum, galvanized steel, anodized steel, and/or bamboo. 17. A conductor management system of claim 12 wherein said system components are illustrated in simple terms to convey their primary function and may be altered, re-designed and engineered to contain certain embodiments necessary to the component, specifically the size and shape of provided components such as the conduits, hangers, fasteners, conductors, connectors, splices, gaskets and integrated circuitry or other PV system components. 18. A system of conduit with integrated fasteners wherein said system is made up of a plurality of conduit-like components that may fit into one another and be fastened to one another in a linear or perpendicular fashion, using illustrated and un-illustrated couplings or additional hardware. 19. A solar conductor management system that is designed, engineered, and constructed to pass all U.L. certification requirements, nationally and internationally, and any other regulatory/certification requirements, registrations and listings. 20. A solar power component and wire management system, wherein said system is designed to be ever expanding and adaptable in order to be compatible with current and future PV system components available in marketplace of the field of the art. 