A purge system built with a purge box, pipes, valves, and a manifold panel. Apart from ventilation systems in ordinary gas cabinets, it is characterized by minimizing hazards through safe exhaust of toxic and reactive gases and through prevention of explosion and fire with complete cutoff of air (oxygen, in particular) in case of contamination and leakage arising in such pipes, valves and manifold panel involved in purging inert gases (Ar and N.sub.2). The purge box can preferably block external air from a joint area connecting gas pipes and a gas container, such as a cylinder, which is prone to leakage and contamination due to frequent attachments and detachments. In addition, a supply valve of the hazardous reactive chemical is closed, to avoid further releases. Physical and chemical damages resulting from attaching and detaching a cylinder mounted on a gas supply facility including existing or separate gas cabinets can be prevented.
Claims 1. A purge box, comprising: a pipe for supplying a purge gas; a pipe for venting the purge gas; valves connected to said pipes for supplying and venting the purge gas; inlets through which different pipes from a container containing a reactive chemical and from a supply system pass through and are connected to the purge box by a joint; and a casing surrounding said pipes for supplying and venting the purge gas, valves and inlets. 2. The purge box according to claim 1, wherein the reactive chemical is elemental fluorine. 3. The purge box according to claim 1, wherein the purge gas is at least one of inert gases. 4. The purge box according to claim 3, wherein the purge gas is argon. 5. The purge box according to claim 3, wherein the purge gas is nitrogen. 6. The purge box according to claim 1, wherein the casing is generally box-shaped. 7. The purge box according to claim 1, wherein the casing is configured so that an external air cannot penetrate into the casing. 8. The purge box according to claim 1, wherein the casing surrounds a connection between a bundle of containers containing the reactive chemical and a local gas supply system. 9. The purge box according to claim 1, further comprising a detector for monitoring the reactive chemical. 10. A purge system, comprising: at least one container for containing a reactive chemical; the purge box according to claim 1; a manifold panel comprising pipes and valves for controlling flows of the reactive chemical and purge gases; and a detector for monitoring the reactive chemical. 11. The purge system according to claim 10, further comprising a scrubber connected to said pipe for venting the purge gas. 12. The purge system according to claim 10, wherein the container has a generally cylindrical shape. 13. The purge system according to claim 10, wherein the detector sets off an alarm as soon as a leakage of the reactive chemical occurs. 14. The purge system according to claim 10, comprising a casing surrounding the purge box, said at least one container for a reactive chemical, said manifold panel comprising pipes and valves for controlling flows of the reactive chemical and purge gases, and said detector for monitoring the reactive chemical. 15. A method in special gas supply facilities utilized in a semiconductor, photovoltaic, MEMS or LCD industry, comprising using the purge box according to claim 1. 16. The method according to claim 15, being for the prevention of hazards caused by leaking reactive chemicals and/or burning due to concentrated chemicals. 