In a solar concentrator of a type having a curved mirror adapted to focus light onto an energy collecting body mounted at the mirror's focal axis, an alignment correction apparatus and method includes a linear array of light detectors adapted to be mounted at a bottom of and across a centerline of the curved mirror so as to intercept the shadow cast by the energy collecting body mounted along the focal axis. Outputs of each of the detectors are measured and plotted according to an order of arrangement of the light detectors on the array. The output results in a dip across adjacent detectors when a shadow falls across the array. A shadow detection means is adapted to determine a center point of the dip and correction means are configured to output a correction command if the center point is different from an optimal position.
Claims 1. A photodetector apparatus for use with a solar concentrator of a type having a curved mirror adapted to focus light onto a solar energy collector mounted at a focal position wherein the solar energy collector casts a shadow along a central axis of the curved mirror when the mirror is at an optimum orientation with respect to the sun, the apparatus comprising: a first array of at least three light sensitive elements arranged successively one after another along a first linear direction, wherein each respective one of said elements has an output adapted to provide a respective output signal responsive to light impinging on said respective element; the first array configured to be mounted across the central axis of the curved mirror so that the shadow cast from the solar energy collector falls across at least one of the light sensitive elements to create an energy profile across the first array including a dip in the energy profile centered along the first array, the energy profile being an optimum energy profile when the mirror of the solar concentrator is optimally oriented with respect to the sun; and a housing having light diffusing means for diffusing light incident on a surface of the housing into an interior of the housing, the first array received within the interior of the housing. 2. The photodetector apparatus of claim 1, further including a comparator connected to said outputs of said light sensitive elements to receive said output signals, and from said output signals determine a difference between said energy profile and an optimum energy profile. 3. The photodetector apparatus of claim 2, further including a mirror control connected to said comparator to receive said different between said energy profile and an optimum energy profile, and from said difference issue a mirror control signal until the energy profile output from the first array substantially matches that of the optimum energy profile. 4. The photodetector apparatus of claim 1, wherein the light diffusing means of the housing includes a translucent outer wall adapted to allow diffused light to enter into an interior of the housing. 5. The photodetector apparatus of claim 1, wherein the light diffusing means of the housing includes a transparent wall and a translucent body interposed between the housing transparent wall and first array. 6. The photodetector apparatus of claim 1, wherein housing includes a cylindrical outer wall, the first array mounted within the interior of the housing substantially along a long axis of the housing and spaced from the cylindrical outer wall. 7. The photodetector apparatus of claim 1, wherein the first array includes at least eight light sensitive elements. 8. The photodetector apparatus of claim 7, wherein the first array includes at least 64 light sensitive elements. 9. An alignment correction apparatus for use with a solar concentrator of a type having a curved mirror adapted to focus light onto an energy collecting body mounted along a focal axis of the mirror, the apparatus comprising: a linear array of light detectors adapted to be mounted at a bottom of and across a centerline of a curved mirror of a solar concentrator; measurement means coupled to outputs of each of the detectors for determining a measured output of the detectors and plotting the output according to an order of arrangement of the light detectors on the array, the output showing a dip across adjacent detectors when a shadow from the energy collecting body mounted at the focal axis of the mirror falls across the array; shadow detection means adapted to determine a center point of the dip; correction means adapted to output a correction command if the center point is different from an optimal position. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, further including a light detection circuit, the circuit including: a microcontroller coupled to outputs of the light detectors; a plurality of light emitting diodes (LEDs) coupled in reverse to the microcontroller to provide an output signal responsive to light impinging on said respective LED; and diodes interposed between each LED and the microcontroller. 11. The apparatus of claim 9, further including an energy collecting body disposed along a focal axis of the mirror and configured to cast the shadow onto at least a plurality of the light detectors in the linear array. 12. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the linear array includes a plurality of coaxially arranged array groupings. 13. The apparatus of claim 9, further including an array housing, the linear array maintained within an interior cavity of the housing, the housing including a light diffuser interposed between the focal axis of the solar concentrator and the linear array of light detectors. 14. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the light detectors are light emitting diodes (LEDs) arranged in a linear array along a circuit board and coupled in reverse to a processor. 15. A method for correcting the alignment of a solar concentrator mirror of a type having a curved surface arranged about a linear centerline and adapted to focus solar energy to a focal axis spaced from the mirror, the method comprising: mounting an array of detectors across the centerline of a solar concentrator mirror so that a shadow cast by an energy collecting body disposed along a focal axis of the mirror falls across at least a plurality of detectors in the array when the mirror is optimally aligned with the sun, each of the detectors having an output adapted to provide a respective output signal responsive to light impinging on said respective detector; measuring a detection dip across the outputs of the plurality of detectors responsive to the shadow; and correcting a position of the mirror responsive to a location of the dip across the sensors. 16. The method of claim 15, further including the step of disposing an energy collecting body along the focal axis of the mirror. 17. The method of claim 15, further including the step maintaining the array of detectors within an interior of a housing and dispersing light incident on the housing outer surface into the interior. 18. The method of claim 15, further including: setting a calibration point when the solar concentrator mirror is in its optimal position with respect to the sun, said calibration point resulting in a reference dip and a reference dip center location across the array of detectors; calculating a center of the detection dip; and comparing the calculated center with the calibrated dip center. 19. The method of claim 15, wherein the detection dip includes edges symmetric about the detection dip center, the method further including: performing a curve fit on the detection dip edges to determine curve parameters of the edges; and performing an interpolation using the curve parameters to determine the detection dip center to a resolution of better than one detector spacing. 