A life like three-dimensional version of a predatory animal, used to scare off nuisance animals, is disclosed. A three-dimensional animal unit is mounted to a mounting unit which allows for installation in any type of pervious or non-pervious surface. A joint mounting system penetrates through a body cavity of the animal unit which allows for the animal unit to move with minimal air breezes, mimicking real life movement.
Claims 1. An apparatus for deterring nuisance animals, comprising: a three-dimensional animal unit; a mounting unit; and a joint mounting assembly penetrating through a body cavity of the three-dimensional animal unit, wherein the joint mounting assembly attaches the three-dimensional animal unit to the mounting unit, and wherein the joint mounting assembly allows the three-dimensional animal unit to rotate about the mounting unit. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the body cavity comprises at least one aperture. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the mounting unit passes through the body cavity of the three-dimensional animal unit. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the mounting unit comprises at least one of: a mounting stake; a plurality of spikes; a platform base; or a plurality of legs. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the joint mounting assembly comprises: a body cavity joint sleeve; and a body cavity sleeve rod. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the body cavity sleeve rod is inserted in the body cavity joint sleeve for coupling the three-dimensional animal unit to the mounting unit. 7. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the body cavity joint sleeve is coupled to the body cavity sleeve rod via a bushing. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the bushing comprises one of: a plastic bushing; a rubber bushing; or a ball bearing bushing. 9. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the body cavity joint sleeve fits within the body cavity of the three-dimensional animal unit. 10. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the body cavity joint sleeve comprises a rigid material comprising at least one of: polyvinyl chloride; a metal; a plastic; or a composite material. 11. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the body cavity sleeve rod is threaded to the mounting unit. 12. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the mounting unit comprises a main rod having at least one flared end for providing a base for the three-dimensional animal unit or the body cavity joint sleeve. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the main rod is secured to a base portion of the mounting unit via a threaded end. 14. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the body cavity joint sleeve comprises: at least one a tubular portion; and at least one flared end. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein the at least one tubular portion comprises at least a first component and a second component, wherein the first component and the second component are adjustable relative to one another such that the body cavity joint sleeve can be lengthened and shortened. 16. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the three-dimensional animal unit comprises an inflatable flexible material. 17. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the mounting unit comprises a variable height extension rod. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the variable height extension rod comprises a plurality of expandable and retractable tubular components. 19. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the variable height extension rod comprises at least one of: a hydraulic extension; an electrical extension; or a twist lock extension. 20. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the three-dimensional animal unit comprises a plurality of articulated body parts. 21. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the three-dimensional animal unit comprises a plurality of compartments, wherein each of the compartments is separately inflatable and deflatable. 22. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein each of the compartments comprises an articulated body part. 23. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the three-dimensional animal unit comprises a glow in the dark material or a glow in the dark surface comprising at least one of: teeth of the three-dimensional animal unit; a collar of the three-dimensional animal unit; or eyes of the three-dimensional animal unit. 24. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a motion-activated light. 25. The apparatus of claim 24, wherein the motion-activated light is solar powered. 26. An interchangeable system for deterring nuisance animals comprising: at least one three-dimensional animal unit; a mounting unit; and a joint mounting assembly for penetrating through a body cavity of the at least one three-dimensional animal unit, wherein the joint mounting assembly is further for attaching the at least one three-dimensional animal unit to the mounting unit, and wherein the joint mounting assembly allows the at least one three-dimensional animal unit to rotate about the mounting unit. 27. The interchangeable system of claim 26, wherein the joint mounting assembly comprises a body cavity joint sleeve. 28. The interchangeable system of claim 27, wherein the body cavity joint sleeve comprises: at least one a tubular portion; and at least one flared end. 29. The interchangeable system of claim 28, wherein the at least one tubular portion comprises at least a first component and a second component, wherein the first component and the second component are adjustable relative to one another such that the body cavity joint sleeve can be lengthened and shortened to accommodate three-dimensional animal units of differing sizes. 30. The interchangeable system of claim 26, wherein the at least one three-dimensional animal unit comprises a plurality of three-dimensional animal units, wherein each of the plurality of three-dimensional animal units comprises one of: a likeness of a dog; a likeness of an alligator; or a likeness of a crane. 31. The interchangeable system of claim 26, wherein the mounting unit comprises a plurality of interchangeable bases, wherein each of the plurality of interchangeable bases comprises one of: a mounting stake; a plurality of spikes; a platform base; or a plurality of legs. 32. The interchangeable system of claim 26, further comprising at least one glow in the dark accessory comprising at least one of: a collar; eyes for the at least one three-dimensional animal unit; or teeth for the at least one three-dimensional animal unit. 33. The interchangeable system of claim 26, wherein the mounting unit comprises a variable height extension rod. 