Embodiments of the invention provide systems and methods for mounting a solar panel to a roof of a building or structure. Structures used to mount a solar panel to a roof may include a base having a flange that extends partially or fully around a periphery of the mounting unit, a mounting surface connected with the base and configured to couple with the solar panel so that the solar panel is elevated above the roof's surface and/or oriented at an angle with respect thereto, and one or more walls or members that connect the mounting surface to the base. A flexible membrane or skirt may be coupled with the flange and may extend laterally therefrom. The flexible membrane or skirt may be coupled with the roof to secure the mounting unit and solar panel to the roof.
Claims 1. A mounting unit couplable with a solar panel and a roof of a structure so as to mount the solar panel on the roof, the mounting unit comprising: a base; a mounting surface connected with the base and configured to couple with the solar panel so that the solar panel is elevated above a surface of the roof; a plurality of walls that connect the mounting surface to the base; and a flexible membrane coupled with the base and configured to couple with the roof to secure the mounting unit and solar panel to the roof, wherein the mounting unit comprises a hollow interior when coupled with the flexible membrane. 2. The mounting unit of claim 1, wherein the mounting surface is angled with respect to the base, the angle being between about 0 degrees and about 30 degrees. 3. The mounting unit of claim 1, wherein the plurality of walls comprises a rear wall that connects a rear side of the mounting surface to a rear side of the base, wherein the rear wall is oriented at an angle with respect to the base. 4. The mounting unit of claim 3, wherein the angle of the rear wall with respect to the base is between about 95 degrees and about 135 degrees. 5. The mounting, unit of claim 1, wherein the plurality of walls comprises two sides walls that connect opposite sides of the mounting surface with the base, wherein each side wall is oriented at an angle with respect to the base of between about 90 degree and about 135 degrees. 6. The mounting unit of claim 1, wherein the base comprises a flange that extends around a periphery of the mounting unit, and wherein the flexible membrane couples with the flange. 7. The mounting unit of claim 6, further comprising an adhesive tape coupled with a portion of the flexible membrane that extends laterally from the flange and further coupled with the roof. 8. The mounting unit of claim 1, wherein the roof comprises a membrane material being one or more materials selected from the group consisting of: Thermo Plastic Olefin; Ethylene Propylene Diene Monomer; Polyvinyl Chloride; thermoplastic vulcanizates, and bitumen or modified bitumen. 9. The mounting unit of claim 1, wherein the flexible membrane comprises one or more materials selected from the group consisting of: Thermo Plastic Olefin; Ethylene Propylene Diene Monomer; Polyvinyl Chloride; thermoplastic vulcanizates, and Thermo Plastic Olefin backed with a polyester fleece. 10. The mounting unit of claim 1, wherein the mounting unit comprises one or more materials selected from the group consisting of: polyethylene, polyproplylene, styrene, and polyvinyl chloride. 11. The mounting unit of claim 1, wherein the flexible membrane is adhesively bonded with a membrane of the roof. 12. The mounting unit of claim 1, wherein the flexible membrane is heat welded to a membrane of the roof. 13. The mounting unit of claim 1, wherein the flexible membrane is coupled to the roof via one or more mechanical fasteners. 14. The mounting unit of claim 1, wherein the mounting surface comprises a plurality of ribs that define channels that provide air access to a bottom surface of the solar panel. 15. The mounting unit of claim 1, wherein the mounting surface comprises a plurality of T-shaped channels that each slidingly receive a fastener to couple the solar panel with the mounting surface. 16. The mounting unit of claim 15, wherein each T-Shaped channel is configured to allow a respective fastener to be inserted within the T-shaped channel at an endge of the mounting base and slid toward a center portion of the mounting channel. 17. The mounting unit of claim 1, wherein the mounting surface comprises one or more main channels configured to route one or more electrical wires electrically coupled with the solar panel. 18. A. mounting unit couplable with a solar panel and a roof of a structure so as to mount the solar panel on the roof, the mounting unit comprising: a base comprising a flange that extends around a periphery of the mounting unit, the base being configured to be positioned adjacent the roof of the structure; a mounting surface connected with the base and configured to couple with the solar panel so that the solar panel is elevated above the roof's surface and oriented at an angle with respect thereto; a plurality of walls that connect the mounting surface to the base; and a flexible membrane skirt coupled with the flange and extending laterally therefrom, the flexible membrane skirt being couplable with the roof to secure the mounting unit and solar pond to the roof, wherein the mounting unit comprises a hollow interior when coupled with the flexible membrane skirt. 19. A method of mounting a solar panel to a roof of a structure comprising: providing a mounting unit comprising: a base; a mounting surface; and a plurality of walls that connect the mounting surface to the base so that the mounting surface is elevated with respect to the base; coupling a flexible membrane with the base such that the mounting unit comprises a hollow interior when coupled with the flexible membrane; coupling the flexible membrane with the roof so as to secure the mounting unit to the roof; and coupling a solar panel with the mounting surface. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein coupling the flexible membrane with the roof comprises applying an adhesive tape over at least a portion of the flexible membrane and the roof. 21. The method of claim 19, wherein coupling the flexible membrane with the roof comprises adhesively bonding the flexible membrane with a membrane of the roof. 22. The method of claim 19, wherein coupling the flexible membrane with the roof comprises heat welding the flexible membrane to a membrane of the roof. 23. The method of claim 19, wherein coupling the flexible membrane with the roof comprises mechanically fastening the flexible membrane to a membrane of the roof. 24. The method of claim 19, wherein coupling the solar panel with the mounting surface comprises: inserting a bolt within a mounting channel of the mounting surface, the mounting channel being configured to prevent removal of the bolt in a direction substantially normal to the mounting surface; positioning the bolt through an aperture of a mounting feature of the solar panel; and securing the bolt with respect to the solar panel. 25. The method of claim 19, further comprising positioning one or more electrical wires of the solar panel within a main channel of the mounting surface so as to electrically couple the solar panel with one or more other devices. 26. The method of claim 25, wherein the one or more other devices comprises one or more devices selected from the group consisting of: an additional solar panel, a power device, DC/DC optimization device, a combiner box, a breaker, a fuse, a disconnect switch, a power inverter, and a control device. 