Mounting brackets hold solar-powered lanterns such as used for garden and pathway lighting. The lanterns make useful hand held lighting if they are releasably mounted in the mounting bracket where they will get sunshine for charging and where a user will often need to use a lantern. They may be mounted for example beside doors or on fence or gate posts, or on walls such as the outside walls of buildings or enclosures such as storage sheds, metal storage containers, etc. A user has no trouble locating the closest lantern after dark as the lanterns automatically turn their lighting elements on when it gets dark. The user may then merely pull the lantern by its stalk, which now serves as the lantern handle, and the resilient tongs of the mounting bracket releases the lantern.
Claims 1. A system for providing portable hand-held lighting comprising: A mounting bracket having a base at a base end of said bracket and a pair of resiliently operable tongs at an opposite distal end, distal from said base end, a shank extending between said base and distal ends, wherein said base lies substantially in a base plane and wherein said pair of tongs define a throat having an opening between ends of said pair of tongs wherein said opening opens and closes as said pair of resiliently operable tongs resiliently open and close to expand and contract a cross-sectional area of said throat, and wherein said throat has a bore axis passing substantially centroidally therethrough, said bore axis inclined relative to said base plane. 2. The system of claim further comprising a solar powered lantern having a solar powered lighting head at an upper end of said lantern and a rigid elongate stalk at a lower end of said lantern, said stalk mounted under said head so as to extend substantially linearly downwardly from said head and wherein said head has a diameter that is greater than a diameter of said stalk, and wherein said diameter of said stalk is substantially in the range of 3/8 inch to one inch, and wherein said stalk has a longitudinal axis extending substantially centroidally along and through said stalk and said head, and wherein said stalk is releasably mountable into said throat through said opening into a mounted position wherein said longitudinal axis is substantially co-linear with said bore axis, and wherein said stalk is manually removable from said throat by pulling of said stalk through said opening as said opening said resiliently opens and closes, wherein said base is adapted for mounting to a rigid substantially vertical mounting surface so as to dispose said bore axis upwardly and outwardly inclined from said base plane when said base is mounted to said vertical mounting surface so that said base plane is adjacent and substantially parallel to said vertical mounting surface. 3. The system of claim 2 further comprising a plurality of said mounting brackets and a corresponding plurality of said lanterns, said plurality of said mounting brackets adapted for mounting to said vertical mounting surfaces when said vertical mounting surfaces are chosen from the group of locations comprising: a tree, a post, a pole, a door, a gate, a door frame, a railing, a wall. 4. The system of claim 3 wherein said base's of said plurality of said mounting brackets are adapted for mounting to said vertical mounting surfaces at an elevated location for ease of grasping of said stalks by the user and said pulling of said stalks by the user. 5. The system of claim 4 wherein said pairs of tongs are made of resilient material. 6. The system of claim 5 wherein said material includes 90 A durometer polyurethane. 7. The system of claim 5 wherein said base is made of resilient material. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein said material includes 90 A durometer polyurethane. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein said mounting bracket is entirely made up of said material. 10. A method for providing portable hand-held lighting comprising: (a) providing a mounting bracket having a base at a base end of said bracket and a pair of resiliently operable tongs at an opposite distal end, distal from said base end, a shank extending between said base and distal ends, wherein said base lies substantially in a base plane and wherein said pair of tongs define a throat having said opening opens and closes as said pair of resiliently operable tongs resiliently open and close to expand and contract a cross-sectional area of said throat, and wherein said throat has a bore axis passing substantially centroidally therethrough, said bore axis inclined relative to said base plane. (b) providing a solar powered lantern having a solar powered lighting head at an upper end of said lantern and a rigid elongate stalk at a lower end of said lantern, said stalk mounted under said head so as to extend substantially linearly downwardly from said head and wherein said head has a diameter that is greater than a diameter of said stalk, and wherein said diameter of said stalk is substantially in the range of 3/8 inch to one inch, and wherein said stalk has a longitudinal axis extending substantially centroidally along and through said stalk and said head, (c) releasably mounting said stalk into said throat through said opening into a mounted position wherein said longitudinal axis of said stalk is substantially co-linear with said bore axis of said throat, and wherein said stalk is manually removable from said throat by pulling of said stalk away from said mounting bracket and through said opening in said pair of tongs as said opening said resiliently opens and closes. (d) mounting said base to a rigid substantially vertical mounting surface so as to dispose said bore axis upwardly and outwardly said inclined from said base plane and so that said base plane is adjacent and substantially parallel to said vertical mounting surface, 11. The method of claim 10 further comprising providing a plurality of said mounting brackets and a corresponding plurality of said lanterns, and mounting said plurality of said mounting brackets to said vertical mounting surfaces, when chosen from the group of locations comprising: a tree, a post, a pole, a door, a gate, a door frame, a railing, a wall, and wherein said locations are exterior locations chosen to position upper ends of said heads of said plurality of said lanterns so that they are exposed to sunlight on a sunny day. 12. The Method of claim 11 further comprising mounting said base's of said plurality of said mounting brackets at elevated said locations for ease of grasping of said stalks by the user and for ease of said pulling of said stalks by the user. 13. The method of claim 12 wherein said pairs of tongs are made of resilient material. 14. The method of claim 13 wherein said material includes 90 A durometer polyurethane. 15. The method of claim 13 wherein said base is made of resilient material. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein said material includes 90 A durometer polyurethane. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein said mounting bracket is entirely made up of said material. 18. The method of claim 10 wherein said inclination of said bore axis is substantially in the range of ten to fifteen degrees from the vertical. 19. The system of claim 1 wherein said inclination of said bore axis is substantially in the range of ten to fifteen degrees from the vertical. 