The present disclosure is generally directed to a power storage control methods and apparatus including, for example, a power storage control unit configured to determine a connection state of a consumption apparatus with a power supply, determine an expected amount of power usage by the consumption apparatus in a connected state, and adjusting a target value of power storage for a power storage apparatus based on a change in connection state and the expected amount of power usage by the consumption apparatus. The present disclosure may be also be embodied a consumption apparatus.
Claims 1. A power storage control apparatus comprising: a power storage control unit configured to: (a) determine a connection state of a consumption apparatus with a power supply; (b) determine an expected amount of power usage by the consumption apparatus in a connected state; and (c) adjusting a target value of power storage for a power storage apparatus based on a change in connection state and the expected amount of power usage by the consumption apparatus. 2. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the connection state is one of (i) a wirelessly connected state, (ii) a directly connected state, and (iii) a not connected state. 3. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the consumption apparatus is configured to wirelessly connect to the power supply to perform a wireless power transfer. 4. The power storage control apparatus of claim 3, wherein a wireless power supply connection is provided using inductive coupling. 5. The power storage control apparatus of claim 3, wherein a wireless power supply connection is provided using resonant coupling. 6. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the consumption apparatus is configured to plug into to the power supply to perform a wired power transfer over a direct electrical connection. 7. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the expected amount of power usage is determined based on stored consumption amount information. 8. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the target value is adjusted when the consumption apparatus is separated from the power supply. 9. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the target value is adjusted based on schedule information of the consumption apparatus. 10. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the target value of power storage is adjusted by providing a control signal to the power storage apparatus. 11. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a connection monitoring unit for monitoring a connection state of the consumption apparatus with the power supply, wherein the power storage control unit receives data, from the connection monitoring unit, including at least a connection state of the consumption apparatus. 12. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a memory unit storing consumption amount information for the consumption apparatus. 13. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the expected amount of power usage is determined by using a value obtained based on a battery capacity of the consumption apparatus and a predetermined ratio. 14. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the target value is set based on a sum of a reference value indicative of the amount of power normally consumed by at least one household consumption apparatus and expected amount of power usage by the consumption apparatus. 15. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the target value is reset to a reference value indicative of the amount of power normally consumed by at least one household consumption apparatus when the consumption apparatus is in a connected state. 16. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the connection monitoring unit includes a history recording unit and a history analyzing unit, and the expected amount of power usage is determined based on a history of use of the consumption apparatus. 17. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the expected amount of power usage is determined using at least one of an average, a median, and a weighted average. 18. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the expected amount of power usage is determined based on a history of use of a specific user. 19. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the connection monitoring unit provides consumption apparatus information including identification information. 20. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the connection monitoring unit provides consumption amount information including at least one of a battery capacity, a battery consumption amount, and a remaining level of battery power. 21. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a destination information acquiring unit; and a consumption amount estimating unit that estimates a battery consumption amount based on destination information acquired by the destination information acquiring unit. 22. The power storage control apparatus of claim 21, wherein the destination information acquiring unit receives a transmission from a navigation apparatus mounted in the consumption apparatus. 23. The power storage control apparatus of claim 21, wherein the destination information acquiring unit receives a transmission via at least one of a radio communication and power line communication. 24. The power storage control apparatus of claim 21, wherein the consumption amount estimating unit calculates a distance between a location of the consumption apparatus and the power supply and calculates a battery consumption amount of the consumption apparatus by calculating the expected amount of power to be consumed by the consumption apparatus based on the distance. 25. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the power supply is configured to connect to a plurality of consumption apparatuses and the power storage control unit is configured to determine an expected amount of power usage for each of the plurality of consumption apparatuses. 26. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein stored consumption amount information includes information for a working day and for a non-working day. 27. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the power storage apparatus is configured to receive power from power generation equipment that generates power from natural energy, the power generation equipment including at least one of a photovoltaic panel, wind power generation equipment, hydraulic power generation equipment, geothermal power generation equipment, and biomass power generation equipment. 28. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the power storage apparatus is configured to sell power stored in the power storage apparatus to a power company. 29. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the consumption apparatus includes an information supply unit configured to transmit information from the consumption apparatus to a power storage control unit when the consumption apparatus is connected to the power supply, and wherein the transmitted information includes at least one of apparatus information and capacity information. 30. The power storage control apparatus of claim 29, wherein the capacity information includes at least one of battery capacity and a remaining level of the battery power. 31. The power storage control apparatus of claim 29, wherein the apparatus information includes at least one of identification information specifying the battery and identification information specifying the consumption apparatus. 32. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the consumption apparatus includes an information supply unit configured to transmit information from the consumption apparatus to a power storage control unit when the consumption apparatus is connected to the power supply, and wherein the information supply unit calculates an amount of power consumed by the consumption apparatus prior to connecting to the power supply. 33. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the consumption apparatus includes an information supply unit configured to transmit information from the consumption apparatus to a power storage control unit when the consumption apparatus is connected to the power supply, and wherein the information supply unit transmits user identification information for the consumption apparatus. 34. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the consumption apparatus includes an information supply unit configured to transmit information from the consumption apparatus to a power storage control unit when the consumption apparatus is connected to the power supply, and wherein the information supply unit transmits the information by power line communication. 35. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the consumption apparatus is at least one of an electric vehicle, an electric scooter, an electric bicycle, a cellular phone, a portable information terminal, and a portable battery. 36. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein the consumption apparatus includes a driving unit, a battery, a connection unit, and an information supply unit. 37. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a radio communication unit that receives distance information indicative of a distance between the location of the consumption apparatus and the power supply. 38. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a radio communication unit that receives distance information indicative of a distance between the current location of the consumption apparatus and a destination input into a navigation apparatus that is mounted in the consumption apparatus. 39. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a radio communication unit that receives distance information indicative of an estimated distance based on a destination input into a navigation apparatus that is mounted in the consumption apparatus. 40. The power storage control apparatus of claim 1, wherein a navigation apparatus is mounted in the consumption apparatus and provides destination information for transmission to the power storage control unit 