An integrated solar concentrator assembly (10) which is built to allow an opposing criss-cross optics pattern, creating a more compact, structurally sound unit having a nearly perpendicular light path into a mixing optic (32). This improves optical efficiency and allows for the mixing optic (32) to have a flat outer surface, thereby improving manufacturability. This criss-cross optical pattern also allows the opposite mirror structure to be used to support the solar receiver components, eliminating additional brackets. The configuration of the integrated solar concentrator assembly (10) allows frame mounts to be placed on the outboard corners of the assembly, improving the inherent aim accuracy, as well as simplifying installation.
Claims 1. An integrated solar concentrator system, comprising: a reflector body molding; a mirror mount surface mounted to said reflector body molding; at least one concave mirror surface connected to said mirror mount surface; and at least one light concentration assembly mounted to said reflector body molding; wherein light is reflected from said at least one mirror mount surface and directed to said at least one light concentration assembly, and said at least one light concentration assembly concentrates said light reflected by said at least one concave mirror surface. 2. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 1, said light concentration assembly further comprising: a receiver housing mounted to said reflector body molding; a mixing lens at least partially disposed in said receiver housing, said mixing lens operable for receiving said light from said at least one concave mirror surface; a heatshield/mixing lens retainer connected to said receiver housing such that said heatshield/mixing lens retainer maintains the position of said mixing lens in said housing; and a heat sink solar cell assembly connected to said receiver housing, and said heat sink solar cell assembly receives light from said mixing lens. 3. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 2, further comprising a frame rail, said frame rail integrally formed with said reflector body molding such that said frame rail at least partially supports said receiver housing. 4. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 2, said mixing lens further comprising: an input port; a first optical section operable for receiving light from said input port; a second optical section connected to said first optical section such that light passing through said first optical section also passes through said second optical section; and an output port operable for receiving light from said second optical section, and directing light to said heat sink solar cell assembly. 5. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 4, said first optical section further comprising a blending optical section operable for blending said light. 6. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 5, said blending optical section further comprising a plurality of flat tapered walls, each of said plurality of flat tapered walls connected to said output port. 7. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 4, said second optical section further comprising a parabolic optical section. 8. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 7, said parabolic optical section further comprising: at least one parabolic surface; and at least one flat surface formed as part of said parabolic optical section adjacent said at least one parabolic surface such that said light is focused as said light passes through said parabolic optical section. 9. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 4, said mixing lens further comprising: a mounting flange positioned adjacent said receiver housing and supported by said heatshield/mixing lens retainer, said input port formed as part of said mounting flange; and a step portion integrally formed with said mounting flange and said second optical section such that said second optical section is supported by said step portion. 10. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 9, said receiver housing further comprising: a lip portion formed as part of said receiver housing such that said lip portion at least partially surrounds said rear wall portion; and an inner surface formed as part of said lip portion, said inner surface at least partially surrounds said mounting flange when said mixing lens is connected to said receiver housing; wherein said mounting flange is disposed between said rear wall portion and said heatshield/mixing lens retainer when said heatshield/mixing lens retainer is connected to said retainer housing. 11. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 4, said heatshield/mixing lens retainer further comprising a central aperture, wherein light passes through said central aperture before entering said at least one input port. 12. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 2, said receiver housing further comprising: a rear wall portion; an aperture formed as part of said rear wall portion, a portion of said mixing lens extending through said aperture; a stepped feature formed as part of said rear wall portion such that said stepped feature surrounds said aperture; and a sealing surface formed as part of said stepped feature; wherein a seal is disposed between said step portion and said stepped feature when said mixing lens is connected to said receiver housing. 13. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 2, said receiver housing further comprising a cavity formed as part of said receiver housing, said mixing lens at least partially disposed within said cavity when said mixing lens is connected to said receiver housing. 14. An integrated solar concentrator system, comprising: a reflector body molding; a mirror mount surface mounted to said reflector body molding; at least one concave mirror surface formed as part of said mirror mount surface; a receiver housing having a cavity, said receiver housing mounted to said reflector body molding; a mixing lens at least partially disposed in said cavity of said receiver housing, said mixing lens operable for receiving said light from said at least one concave mirror surface; a heatshield/mixing lens retainer connected to said receiver housing such that a portion of said mixing lens is disposed between said heatshield/mixing lens retainer and said retainer housing; and a heat sink solar cell assembly connected to said receiver housing, said heat sink solar cell assembly receives light from said mixing lens; wherein light reflected from said at least one concave mirror surface is directed to said mixing lens, and said light is directed to said heat sink solar cell assembly from said mixing lens. 15. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 14, said mixing lens further comprising: an input port; a parabolic optical section, said light passes through said input port and into said parabolic optical section; a blending optical section connected to said parabolic optical section, said light passes through said blending optical section after passing through said parabolic optical section; and an output port connected to said blending optical section such that said light exits said mixing lens through said output port after passing through said blending optical section; wherein said light is received by said heat sink solar cell assembly from said output port. 16. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 15, said mixing lens further comprising: at least one flat tapered wall formed as part of said blending optical section, said at least one flat tapered wall connected to said output port; at least one parabolic surface formed as part of said parabolic optical section, said at least one parabolic surface connected to said at least one flat tapered surface; and at least one flat surface formed as part of said parabolic optical section, said at least one flat surface adjacent said at least one parabolic surface and is connected to said at least one flat tapered wall; wherein said at least one flat surface and said at least one parabolic optical surface focus said light, and said at least one flat tapered wall blends said light. 17. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 15, said heatshield/mixing lens retainer further comprising a central aperture, wherein light passes through said central aperture before entering said input port. 18. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 14, further comprising: a mounting flange formed as part of said mixing lens; a rear wall portion formed as part of said receiver housing; and a lip portion having an inner surface, said lip portion formed as part of said receiver housing such that said lip portion surrounds said rear wall portion; wherein said mounting flange is disposed between said rear wall portion and said heatshield/mixing lens retainer when said heatshield/mixing lens retainer is connected to said receiver housing such that said inner surface surrounds said mounting flange. 19. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 14, further comprising: a groove formed as part of said receiver housing; and a seal disposed in said groove formed as part of said receiver housing such that said seal prevents debris from entering said receiver housing when said heat sink solar cell assembly is connected to said receiver housing. 20. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 14, further comprising: a frame rail integrally formed with said reflector body molding; at least one attachment rib integrally formed with said receiver housing and said frame rail for supporting said receiver housing; and at least one stiffness flange for providing increased rigidity to said plurality of attachment ribs; wherein said receiver housing, said at least one stiffness flange, and said at least one attachment rib are molded as a single unit. 21. An integrated solar concentrator system, comprising: a reflector body molding; a frame rail integrally formed with said reflector body molding; a mirror mount surface having at least one concave mirror surface mounted to said reflector body molding; a receiver housing molded as part of said reflector body molding and mounted to said frame rail; a mixing lens disposed within said receiver housing, and operable for receiving light from said at least one concave mirror surface; a heatsink solar cell assembly connected to said receiver housing operable for receiving light from said mixing lens; and a heatshield/mixing lens retainer mounted to said receiver housing, said heatshield/mixing lens retainer maintains the position of said mixing lens in said receiver housing; wherein light is reflected off of said at least one concave mirror surface and directed toward said mixing lens, where said light passes through said mixing lens such that said mixing lens focuses and directs said light to said heatsink solar cell assembly. 22. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 21, said mixing lens further comprising: a mounting flange supported by said heatshield/mixing lens retainer; at least one input port operable for receiving light from said at least one concave mirror surface, said at least one input port formed as part of said mounting flange; a step portion integrally formed with said mounting flange; a parabolic optical section integrally formed with said step portion, said parabolic optical section operable for focusing said light; at least one flat surface formed as part of said parabolic optical section; at least one parabolic surface formed as part of said parabolic optical section adjacent to said at least one flat surface; at least one output port; a blending optical section connected to said parabolic optical section, said at least one output port formed as part of said blending optical section, said blending optical section operable for blending said light; and a plurality of flat tapered walls formed as part of said blending optical section, each of said plurality of tapered walls terminate into one or more of said at least one flat surface and said at least one parabolic surface; wherein light passes through said input port and said step portion and into said parabolic optical section, and then passes through said blending optical section and out of said output port. 23. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 22, said heatshield/mixing lens retainer further comprising a central aperture, wherein light passes through said central aperture before entering said at least one input port. 24. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 22, said receiver housing further comprising: a rear wall portion; an aperture formed as part of said rear wall portion; a stepped feature formed as part of said rear wall portion such that said stepped feature surrounds said aperture; a sealing surface formed as part of said stepped feature; a lip portion formed as part of said receiver housing such that said lip portion surrounds said rear wall portion; an inner surface formed as part of said lip portion, said inner surface at least partially surrounds said mounting flange when said mixing lens is connected to said receiver housing; and a cavity formed as part of said receiver housing, said mixing lens at least partially disposed within said cavity when said mixing lens is connected to said receiver housing; wherein said mounting flange is disposed between said rear wall portion and said heatshield/mixing lens retainer when said heatshield/mixing lens retainer is connected to said retainer housing. 25. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 24, further comprising: a groove formed as part of said receiver housing; and a seal disposed in said groove formed as part of said receiver housing such that said seal prevents debris from entering said receiver housing when said heat sink solar cell assembly is connected to said receiver housing. 26. The integrated solar concentrator system of claim 21, further comprising: at least one attachment rib integrally formed with said receiver housing and said frame rail for supporting said receiver housing; and at least one stiffness flange for providing increased rigidity to said plurality of attachment ribs; wherein said receiver housing, said at least one stiffness flange, and said at least one attachment rib are molded as a single unit. 