A vacuum recycling apparatus for refining solar grade polysilicon is provided which contains a vacuum degassing (VD) device and a vacuum recycling (RH) device. By storing liquid silicon in a bucket in the VD device, controlling the pressure inside the VD and RH devices, and introducing inert gas into the apparatus, the liquid silicon is stirred for the removal of impurities. With the present invention, solar grade polysilicon can be directly produced with a specified purity, significantly reducing the production time and cost.
Claims 1. A vacuum recycling apparatus for refining solar grade polysilicon, comprising a vacuum degassing (VD) device and a vacuum recycling (RH) device, wherein the VD device comprises a vacuum chamber, a silicon-stored bucket, and an inert gas introduction device; the vacuum chamber comprises a first degassing outlet and a joining opening; the silicon-stored bucket is positioned in the vacuum chamber and beneath the joining opening for storing liquid silicon solution or for storing solid silicon; the inert gas introduction device is configured in the silicon-stored bucket; the RH device comprises a second degassing outlet and a connection pipe; the connection pipe is plugged into the silicon-stored bucket through the joining opening; the joining opening is tightly sealed so that introduced inert gas by the inert gas introduction device moves towards the connection pipe; and by vacuuming the VD device and the RH device through the first and second degassing outlets, respectively, and by adjusting the degrees of vacuum of the VD device and the RH device, the height of the liquid silicon solution in the RH device is controlled. 2. The vacuum recycling apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the VD device is integrated with a furnace into a single device. 3. The vacuum recycling apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the silicon-stored bucket is integrated into the VD device as an integral chamber. 4. The vacuum recycling apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the silicon-stored bucket is integrated into the VD device as an integral chamber; and the VD device is further integrated with a furnace into a single device. 5. The vacuum recycling apparatus according to claim 2, wherein the furnace is a medium frequency furnace. 6. The vacuum recycling apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the degrees of the vacuum of the vacuum chamber of the VD device and the RH device are between 0.1 to 0.9 atm, and between 0.001 to 1,000 Pa, respectively. 7. The vacuum recycling apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the RH device further comprises a real-time measuring device so as to measure and monitor the amount of impurities in the silicon solution in the silicon-stored bucket; and the VD device further comprises at least a plasma gun so as to remove the impurities of the silicon solution in the silicon-stored bucket. 8. A method of applying the vacuum recycling apparatus of claim 1 to refine solar grade polysilicon comprising the steps of: (a) a liquefaction step liquefying and pouring silicon raw material into the silicon-stored bucket until the silicon solution has a level higher than the aperture of the connection pipe; (b) a vacuuming step degassing the VD device and the RH device until their degrees of the vacuum are between 0.1 to 0.9 atm, and between 0.001 to 1,000 Pa, respectively; (c) a stir step agitating the silicon solution by introducing inert gas through the inert gas introduction device and, as the inert gas moves towards the connection pipe, achieving diffusing and degassing effects; (d) an impurity removal step removing impurities in the silicon solution; (e) a confirmation step disrupting the supply of the inert gas when the amount of phosphorous in the silicon solution is less than 0.8 ppm, and reducing the degree of vacuum in the RH device so that the silicon solution flows back into the silicon-stored bucket; and (f) a formation step pouring the silicon solution processed by the above steps into a slow-condensing container, removing the less pure offcuts after cooling, crushing the solidified silicon, acid-cleaning for removing impurities, and casting into directional ingot. 9. The vacuum recycling apparatus according to claim 8, wherein the confirmation step disrupts the supply of the inert gas further requiring the amount of boron in the silicon solution is less than 0.4 ppm; and, in the formation step, the solidified silicon solution is crushed into 50 to 150 meshes. 10. The method according to claim 8, wherein the impurity removal step uses at least a plasma gun to remove impurities. 11. The vacuum recycling apparatus according to claim 4, wherein the furnace is a medium frequency furnace. 