Solid-state radiation transducer (SSRT) devices and methods of manufacturing and using SSRT devices are disclosed herein. One embodiment of the SSRT device includes a radiation transducer (e.g., a light-emitting diode) and a transmissive support assembly including a transmissive support member, such as a transmissive support member including a converter material. A lead can be positioned at a back side of the transmissive support member. The radiation transducer can be flip-chip mounted to the transmissive support assembly. For example, a solder connection can be present between a contact of the radiation transducer and the lead of the transmissive support assembly.
Claims 1. A solid-state radiation transducer (SSRT) device, comprising: a radiation transducer including a first semiconductor material, a second semiconductor material, and an active region between the first semiconductor material and the second semiconductor material; and a transmissive support assembly attached to the radiation transducer, wherein the transmissive support assembly includes a transmissive support member having a back side, the transmissive support assembly is positioned such that emissions to or from the radiation transducer pass through the transmissive support assembly at the back side of the transmissive support member, and the transmissive support assembly includes a lead electrically connected to a contact of the radiation transducer. 2. The SSRT device of claim 1, wherein the transmissive support member has a textured side. 3. The SSRT device of claim 1, wherein at least a portion of a side of the transmissive support member is convex. 4. The SSRT device of claim 1, wherein the radiation transducer is flip-chip mounted on the transmissive support assembly. 5. The SSRT device of claim 1, further comprising a substantially optically-transparent underfill material between the radiation transducer and the transmissive support assembly. 6. The SSRT device of claim 1, further comprising a first solder connection and a second solder connection, wherein the lead is a first lead, the contact is a first contact, the transmissive support assembly further includes a second lead, the radiation transducer further includes a second contact, the first solder connection connects the first contact of the radiation transducer to the first lead of the transmissive support assembly, the second solder connection connects the second contact of the radiation transducer to the second lead of the transmissive support assembly, and an interface between the first solder connection and the first lead is substantially coplanar with an interface between the second solder connection and the second lead. 7. The SSRT device of claim 1, wherein the transmissive support member is a first transmissive support member, the transmissive support assembly includes a second transmissive support member positioned between the first transmissive support member and the radiation transducer, the first transmissive support member includes a converter material, and the second transmissive support member has a refractive index between a refractive index of the radiation transducer and a refractive index of the first transmissive support member. 8. The SSRT device of claim 7, wherein the second transmissive support member has a refractive index from about 1.6 to about 1.9. 9. The SSRT device of claim 1, wherein the transmissive support member includes a converter material within a matrix. 10. The SSRT device of claim 9, wherein the transmissive support member includes a first portion having a first concentration of converter material and a second portion having a second concentration of converter material, and the first concentration of converter material is higher than the second concentration of converter material. 11. A solid-state transducer (SSRT) device, comprising a radiation transducer flip-chip mounted to a transmissive support assembly, the radiation transducer having a first semiconductor material, a second semiconductor material, an active region between the first semiconductor material and the second semiconductor material, and a contact electrically connected to the first semiconductor material and surface mounted to a lead of the transmissive support assembly. 12. The SSRT device of claim 11, wherein the transmissive support assembly is transmissive to radiation to or from the radiation transducer. 13. The SSRT device of claim 11, wherein the transmissive support assembly includes a converter material. 14. The SSRT device of claim 11, wherein the radiation transducer is a light-emitting diode. 15. The SSRT device of claim 11, wherein the radiation transducer is a photovoltaic cell. 16. A method of making a solid-state radiation transducer (SSRT) device, comprising flip-chip mounting a radiation transducer onto a transmissive support assembly such that an active side of the radiation transducer faces a back side of a transmissive support member of the transmissive support assembly and a contact of the radiation transducer is electrically coupled to a lead at the back side of the transmissive support member. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising disposing a substantially optically-transparent underfill material between the radiation transducer and the transmissive support member. 18. The method of claim 16, wherein the transmissive support member is a first transmissive support member, the transmissive support assembly includes a second transmissive support member, the first transmissive support member includes a converter material, the second transmissive support member has a refractive index between a refractive index of the radiation transducer and a refractive index of the first transmissive support member, and flip-chip mounting the radiation transducer onto the transmissive support assembly includes flip-chip mounting the radiation transducer onto the transmissive support assembly such that the second transmissive support member is positioned between the radiation transducer and the first transmissive support member. 19. The method of claim 16, further comprising forming the transmissive support member, wherein forming the transmissive support member includes spin coating a precursor material including a matrix material and a converter material within the matrix material onto a substrate, and curing the precursor material. 20. The method of claim 16, further comprising forming the transmissive support member, wherein forming the transmissive support member includes texturing a side of the transmissive support member. 21. The method of claim 16, further comprising forming the transmissive support member, wherein forming the transmissive support member includes molding a precursor material including a matrix material and a converter material within the matrix material. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein molding the precursor material includes introducing the precursor material into a mold, wherein the mold includes a textured surface, and the transmissive support member includes a textured surface corresponding to the textured surface of the mold. 23. The method of claim 21, wherein molding the precursor material includes introducing the precursor material into a mold, wherein the mold includes a concave surface, and the transmissive support member includes a convex surface corresponding to the concave surface of the mold. 24. The method of claim 21, further comprising curing the precursor material, and concentrating the converter material prior to curing the precursor material, wherein concentrating the converter material includes allowing gravity to settle the precursor material within the matrix material or applying a force to the precursor material to shift the precursor material within the matrix material. 