A plant growth system for growing one or more plants in a computer controlled environment, the computer controlling the environment according to a formula. The system is connected to a data exchange and communication center over the internet for sharing and distribution of formulas for controlling plant growth in the system.
Claims 1. A plant growth system having a terminal comprising: a zone for growing a plant; a sensor system in the zone connected to detect one or more conditions in the zone; a conditioning system in the zone connected to alter one or more conditions in the zone; a control system connected to the sensor system and the conditioning system for controlling the conditioning system according to information from the sensor system and a condition formula that is one or both of developed with the terminal or received from a data exchange and communication center; the control system being connected to receive the condition formula from the data exchange and communication center, and send the condition formula and information from the sensor system to the data exchange and communication center. 2. The plant growth system of claim 1 in which the conditioning system further comprises an LED lighting system that includes LEDs and is adjustable in color and intensity. 3. The plant growth system of claim 2 in which the LEDs are configured to produce one or both of visible and invisible light. 4. The plant growth system of claim 2 in which the LED lighting system is configured to produce one or both of single or mixed colors. 5. The plant growth system of claim 1 in which the conditioning system further comprises one or more of a dimmable or non-dimmable metal halide light, a high pressure sodium light, a low pressure sodium light, a fluorescent light, an incandescent light, and a plasma light with single or mixed colors. 6. The plant growth system of claim 1 in which the control system is programmable and includes a data storage system. 7. The plant growth system of claim 1 in which the one or more conditions alterable by the condition system comprise one or more of light intensity, light color, lighting time period, humidity, temperature, CO.sub.2 concentration, and fertilization. 8. The plant growth system of claim 1 in which a plurality of terminals are connected through one or more telecommunication networks to the data exchange and communication center. 9. The plant growth system of claim 8 in which the terminal is connected to communicate with other terminals of the plurality of terminals through the data exchange and communication center or through one or more telecommunication networks by a point to point method. 10. The plant growth system of claim 1 in which the control system is connected to selectively receive the condition formula from a plurality of condition formulas stored with the data exchange and communication center. 11. The plant growth system of claim 1 in which the data exchange and communication center is accessible by the public through one or more telecommunication networks. 12. The plant growth system of claim 1 in which the information includes one or more of light color, light intensity, control system action, sensor measurement, environment conditions, fertilization adjustment, analysis results done by the control system, date and time, equipment, organization, information associated with plant growth, and identification of the terminal. 13. The plant growth system of claim 1 in which the terminal is locally or remotely accessible by a terminal user through one or more of a wired connection, a wireless connection, or one or more telecommunication networks. 14. The plant growth system of claim 1 in which the control system further comprises a touch screen user interface. 15. The plant growth system of claim 1 in which the sensor system further comprises one or more cameras to monitor plant growth. 16. The plant growth system of claim 1 in which the zone comprises one or more of a chamber, a cabinet, a shelf, a shelter, a house, a building, an underground haven, a soil growing medium, a non soil growing medium, an aquarium, and a greenhouse. 17. The plant growth system of claim 1 applied as a mini-plant growing system. 18. The plant growth system of claim 1 applied in private, commercial, or industrial plant growth. 19. The plant growth system of claim 1 further comprising the data exchange and communication center. 20. The plant growth system of claim 19 in which the data exchange and communication center comprises two or more data exchange and communication centers. 21. The plant growth system of claim 1 in which the terminal has a USB port to input and output data. 22. The plant growth system of claim 1 in which the terminal further comprises one or more power sources. 23. The plant growth system of claim 22 in which the one or more power sources further comprises one or more of a wall plug, or electrical power generated from coal, fuel, hydro, wind turbine, tidal power, or a solar panel. 