A plant for manufacturing a rigid pipe for drawing up deep water within an offshore platform includes a floating platform on which a continuous production device is installed in the vertical axis of the pipe, and including: a first stage of winding webs of fibers impregnated with resin around a winding roll for the partial crosslinking thereof, a second stage of complete crosslinking of the resin, a third stage of mounting functional members on the pipe, a fourth stage of inspecting the pipe thus manufactured, and a fifth stage of guiding the pipe.
Claims 1-5. (canceled) 6. A plant for manufacturing a rigid pipe for drawing up deep water for a marine thermal energy facility, including a floating platform on which a continuous production device is installed in the vertical axis of the pipe, the plant comprising: a first stage of winding webs of fibers impregnated with resin around a winding roll for the partial crosslinking thereof, a second stage of complete crosslinking of the resin, a third stage of mounting functional members on the pipe, a fourth stage of inspecting the pipe thus manufactured, and a fifth stage of guiding the pipe. 7. The plant for manufacturing a rigid pipe for drawing up deep water as recited in claim 6 wherein the pipe includes a helical outer rib suitable for cooperating with a guide of the fifth stage of guiding and driving a lowering to drive the lowering of the pipe into the water. 8. The plant for manufacturing a rigid pipe for drawing up deep water as recited in claim 6 further comprising protection for protecting the manufactured pipe from solar radiation between the platform and the water. 9. The plant for manufacturing a rigid pipe for drawing up deep water as recited in claim 8 wherein the protection includes a canvas sheet. 10. The plant for manufacturing a rigid pipe for drawing up deep water as recited in claim 6 wherein the second stage of complete crosslinking of the resin includes a heater for heating the pipe. 11. The plant for manufacturing a rigid pipe for drawing up deep water as recited in claim 7 wherein the second stage of complete crosslinking of the resin includes a heater for heating the pipe. 12. The plant for manufacturing a rigid pipe for drawing up deep water as recited in claim 8 wherein the second stage of complete crosslinking of the resin includes a heater for heating the pipe. 13. The plant for manufacturing a rigid pipe for drawing up deep water as recited in claim 9 wherein the second stage of complete crosslinking of the resin includes a heater for heating the pipe. 