A solar collector system is provided including a bearing assembly comprising a plurality of wheels or rollers for rollingly engaging a large-diameter support element. Rotation of the large-diameter support element supports tracking of the position of the sun relative to the solar collector system. The bearing assembly may be pre-assembled to the large-diameter support element before the solar collector system leaves the factory, thereby facilitating assembly of the solar collector system in the field, even under adverse conditions.
Claims 1. A solar collector system, comprising: a movable solar collector surface; a support element coupled to the solar collector surface, the support element having a length and having an outer surface that defines a circle in a cross section taken in a plane normal to the length, the support element being rotatable about a longitudinal axis defined along the length thereof; a housing assembly having a mounting end and a bearing end, the mounting end comprising a mounting structure for fixedly securing the housing assembly to a base element, the bearing end defining an opening for receiving the support element when the housing assembly and the support element are coupled together such that the housing assembly at least partially encircles a portion of the outer surface of the support element, the encircled portion of the outer surface defining a bearing surface of the support element; a pair of first wheels mounted to the bearing end of the housing assembly, each first wheel of the pair of first wheels disposed adjacent to the opening and protruding into the opening for contacting a portion of the bearing surface that faces toward the mounting end of the housing assembly when the housing assembly and the support element are coupled together; and, at least one second wheel mounted to the bearing end of the housing assembly, the at least one second wheel disposed adjacent to the opening and protruding into the opening for contacting a portion of the bearing surface that faces away from the mounting end of the housing assembly when the housing assembly and the support element are coupled together, wherein the housing assembly and the support element are coupleable together prior to securing the housing assembly to the base element. 2. A solar collector system according to claim 1, wherein the at least one second wheel comprises a pair of second wheels. 3. A solar collector system according to claim 1, wherein the support element has a first diameter that is substantially uniform along the length of the support element. 4. A solar collector system according to claim 3, wherein each wheel of the pair of first wheels has a second diameter, the second diameter smaller than the first diameter. 5. A solar collector system according to claim 4, wherein the second diameter is less than 50% of the first diameter. 6. A solar collector system according to claim 3, wherein the first diameter is at least six inches. 7. A solar collector system according to claim 1, wherein the pair of first wheels and the at least one second wheel are mounted to the housing assembly absent a drive mechanism for driving rotation of the support element via either the pair of first wheels or the at least one second wheel. 8. A solar collector system according to claim 1, wherein each one of the pair of first wheels and the at least one second wheel are fabricated using nylon. 9. A solar collector system according to claim 1, wherein the support element is axially movable relative to the pair of first wheels and relative to the at least one second wheel. 10. A solar collector system according to claim 1, wherein the housing assembly includes first and second housing elements and a retaining element for detachably coupling together the first and second housing elements. 11. A solar collector system according to claim 1, wherein the first group of the wheels rollingly engages the outer surface of the support element and bears the weight of the support element and the second group of the wheels acts as counter load wheels. 12. A solar collector system according to claim 11, wherein an angle that is formed between the pair of load bearing wheels and having a vertex at a point along the longitudinal axis of the support element is between 50.degree. and 130.degree.. 13. A method, comprising: providing a solar collector assembly comprising a solar collector surface that is coupled to a cylindrical support element, the cylindrical support element having an outer surface and a length; providing a housing assembly having a plurality of wheels mounted thereto including a pair of load bearing wheels and at least a counter load wheel, the housing assembly having a mounting structure for fixedly securing the housing assembly to a base element; coupling the housing assembly to the cylindrical support element such that the cylindrical support element is disposed between the pair of load bearing wheels and the at least a counter load wheel; and, fixedly securing the coupled-together housing assembly and solar collector assembly to a base element via the mounting structure of the housing assembly and a complementary mounting structure of the base element, such that the pair of load bearing wheels rollingly engage the outer surface of the cylindrical support element and bear the weight of the cylindrical support element. 14. A method according to claim 13, wherein coupling the housing assembly to the cylindrical support element comprises arranging the cylindrical support element between a first housing element and a second housing element, and securing the first housing element to the second housing element on opposite sides of the cylindrical support element. 15. A method according to claim 13, wherein the at least one counter load wheel comprises a pair of counter load wheels, and comprising coupling the housing assembly to the cylindrical support element such that the cylindrical support element is disposed between a substantially symmetric arrangement of the pair of load bearing wheels and the pair of counter load wheels. 