Devices, systems and methods for improved electrical appliances which allow for efficient and safe production of hydrogen and oxygen gas for a flame are disclosed. An appliance for providing gas for combustion may comprise a water inlet, a power source, and an electrolyzer with at least one electrolysis transistor generating hydrogen and oxygen. The appliance may also comprise a gas handling unit for collecting the output of the electrolyzer and transporting it to a burner, and an output interface.
Claims 1. An appliance for providing gas for combustion, comprising: a transistor adapted to perform electrolysis to generate hydrogen and oxygen, wherein the transistor is semiconductor-based; a gas handling unit which is operable to collect and transport the hydrogen and oxygen. 2. The appliance of claim 1, wherein the transistor comprises: one or more electrodes; and one or more gate structures coupled to an insulating material layer, the one or more gate structures coupled to the insulating material layer being electrically coupled to the one or more electrodes. 3. The appliance of claim 2, further comprising an electrolyte disposed between the one or more electrodes and gate structures, wherein in operation, the electrical coupling is such that electrical bias applied to the one or more gate structures causes an electric field formed in an electrolyte disposed between the electrodes and gate structures to lower an electrical potential barrier to electrolysis of the electrolyte disposed between the electrodes and the gate structure. 4. The appliance of claim 1, wherein the transistor is a part of an electrolyzer comprising an array of multiple transistors. 5. The appliance of claim 1, wherein the transistor is configured to generate the hydrogen and oxygen at a current density that is >2 A/cm.sup.2 at an efficiency that is >70%). 6. The appliance of claim 1, wherein the transistor is configured to generate commingled hydrogen and oxygen. 7. The appliance of claim 1, further comprising: a water inlet and a water purification mechanism coupled to the water inlet, wherein the water purification mechanism filters and de-ionizes water entering the appliance. 8. The appliance of claim 1, further comprising a water inlet, wherein said water inlet comprises a control valve adapted to control a rate of water flow through the water inlet. 9. The appliance of claim 2, wherein said one or more electrodes comprises a cathode and/or an anode. 10. The appliance of claim 1, further comprising a water reservoir, wherein the water reservoir is coupled to a water purification mechanism for filtering and de-ionizing the water in said reservoir. 11. The appliance of claim 1, further comprising a power source, wherein said power source includes one or more of an integrated AC-DC supply, a battery, a fuel cell, and solar power. 12. The appliance of claim 1, further comprising a water conduit configured to provide water to the transistor. 13. The appliance of claim 1, further comprising an output interface coupled to the gas handling unit, wherein said output interface includes one or more of a gas detector and indicator, an output gas flow monitor, an additive to give visibility to flame, gas storage, a knob-controlled burner, an easy auto-shutoff control, a display, and/or a user interface. 14. The appliance of claim 1, further comprising an output interface, wherein the output interface includes a gas outlet coupled to a flame. 15. A method for providing gas for combustion, comprising: providing a water source; providing a power source to activate an appliance; providing an electrolyzer comprising at least one electrolysis transistors generating hydrogen and oxygen; providing a unit for collecting the output of said electrolyzer; and providing an output interface through which gas and/or a flame may exit an appliance. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising: increasing safety by incorporating on-demand generation of hydrogen and/or stoichiometric hydrogen-oxygen mixtures. 17. A system for providing gas for combustion, comprising: means for performing electrolysis via a transistor to generate gas, wherein the transistor is semiconductor-based; and means for collecting the gas output from the transistor. 18. The system of claim 17, further comprising means for providing a water source; means for providing a power source; and means for outputting the gas. 19. The system of claim 17, further comprising means for pressurizing said water used for the electrolysis. 20. The system of claim 17, further comprising: means for providing a pressure valve to ensure the gas exits. 21. The system of claim 17, further comprising: means for a dead volume above said transistor so only a safety valve will be actuated in the event of a flashback. 22. The system of claim 17, further comprising: means for preventing flame from entering said transistor. 23. The system of claim 17, further comprising: means for diluting the gas output to reduce UV emission and NO.sub.x formation. 24. The system of claim 17, further comprising: means for ensuring gas velocities remain higher than flame velocity. 25. The system of claim 17, further comprising: means for lighting the flammable mixture of said gas when it is first ejected. 26. The system of claim 17, further comprising: means for adding an impurity to said gas output to impart color to said flame. 27. The system of claim 17, further comprising: means for turning off the system in case said gas is not ignited or there is a flashback. 28. The system of claim 17, further comprising: means for removing any excess gas from said system before said system is turned off. 