Vehicles and other objects (4a, 4b, 4c, 5, 6, 7, 8) in a surface mine (1) are equipped with monitoring devices (12) that communicate by radio in order to detect the risk of collisions. The devices (12) are equipped with GNSS-receivers (15). In addition, persons operating in the area are also equipped with monitoring devices (12'). This allows the devices (12) on the vehicles to detect the presence of pedestrians and to issue alerts if necessary, thereby improving the safety of the system. Advantageously, the devices are integrated in a helmet (30) for best radio reception/transmission and can be powered by means of a solar power supply (32).
Claims 1. A method for generating proximity warnings on an area by means of a monitoring apparatus comprising a plurality of monitoring devices, wherein at least part of said monitoring devices comprise a radio circuit and at least some of said monitoring devices also comprise a receiver for a radio based positioning system, said method comprising the steps of mounting at least a first of said monitoring devices on a vehicle operating in said area, and mounting at least a second of said monitoring devices on a person operating in said area. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising the steps of generating, by means of said second monitoring device, a second device status dataset not containing a position of said second monitoring device, but containing information indicative that said second device is attached to a person, and emitting said second device status dataset through the radio circuit of said second monitoring device, receiving, by means of said first monitoring device, said second device status dataset, and generating a proximity warning based on the existence of said second monitoring device. 3. The method of claim 2 further comprising the steps of assessing a signal strength of a signal from said second monitoring device by the first monitoring device and, generating a proximity warning based on the assessed signal strength, in particular by comparing said signal strength to a maximum value. 4. The method of claim 1 further comprising the steps of generating, by means of said second monitoring device, a second device status dataset depending on a position of said second monitoring device, and emitting said second device status dataset through the radio circuit of said second monitoring device, receiving, by means of said first monitoring device, said second device status dataset, and generating a proximity warning based on a mutual position of said first and said second monitoring devices. 5. The method of claim 1 comprising the steps of generating, by means of said first monitoring device, a first device status dataset depending on a position of said first monitoring device, and emitting said first device status dataset through the radio circuit of said first monitoring device, receiving, by means of said second monitoring device, said first device status dataset, and generating a proximity warning based on a mutual position of said first and said second monitoring devices. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein said second monitoring device is attached to or integrated into a helmet of said person. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein said second monitoring device is attached to or integrated into a piece of clothing, a wristband or a belt of said person. 8. The method of claim 1 comprising the steps of obtaining a position of said monitoring device by means of said receiver, comparing said position to a predefined geographical area and, if said position is not within said predefined geographical area, further comprising the step of issuing at least one warning message. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein at least one receiver device is located at an actuator in said area, wherein, if said receiver device detects a proximity of one of said monitoring devices, it actuates said actuator after testing access rights of an object attributed to said monitoring device. 10. The method of claim 1 wherein any warning messages issued by said monitoring devices are transmitted to a central monitoring system. 11. The method of claim 1 comprising the step of transmitting a position of at least part of said monitoring devices to a central server. 12. The method of claim 1 comprising the steps of measuring, by at least a subset of said monitoring devices, a signal strength (S.sub.ji) of a signal received from a third monitoring device, and transmitting, by at least said subset of said monitoring devices, an identity (j) of said third monitoring device and said signal strength (S.sub.ji), receiving said identity (j) and said signal strength (S.sub.ji) by one of said monitoring devices and estimating a position of said third monitoring device therefrom. 13. A monitoring device, in particular for being used in the method of claim 1, said monitoring device comprising, a radio circuit for emitting a device status dataset depending on a position of said monitoring device, a control unit adapted and structured to generate a proximity alert, and a fastener for attaching said monitoring device to a human body. 14. The device of claim 13 wherein said device status dataset includes information that the monitoring device is attached to a person. 15. The device of claim 13 further comprising a receiver for a radio based positioning system. 16. The device of claim 13 comprising a solar power supply. 17. The device of claim 16 comprising a helmet, wherein said solar power supply is mounted to helmet. 18. The device of claim 13 wherein said fastener comprises a helmet. 19. The device of claim 13 wherein said fastener comprises a belt or a wristband. 20. The device of claim 13 wherein said fastener comprises a vest, in particular a safety vest with optical reflectors. 21. The device of claim 13 wherein said control unit is adapted and structured to have an alert mode that can be activated by a user of said monitoring device, and wherein said device status dataset comprises a flag indicative of whether said device is in said alert mode. 22. The device of claim 13 comprising at least one rechargeable battery and an inductive coupler for inductively coupling energy into said battery. 23. The device of claim 13 having an idle state and an active sate, wherein, in said idle state, said device has a smaller power consumption than in said active state, said device further comprising an acceleration detector, wherein said control unit is adapted to put said device into said active state upon detection of an acceleration by said acceleration detector, and in particular wherein said device further comprises a receiver for a radio based positioning system which is disabled in said idle state and operating in said active state. 24. The method of claim 1 comprising steps of obtaining a position of said first of said monitoring devices by means of said receiver, storing said position of said first of said monitoring devices in a first device status dataset of said first of said monitoring devices, wherein said first device status dataset comprises a unique identifier of said first of said monitoring devices, and transmitting said first device status dataset as a radio signal by means of said radio circuit. 25. The method of claim 24 further comprising steps of receiving by means of said radio circuit of said first of said monitoring devices a second device status dataset of said second of said monitoring devices, wherein said second device status dataset comprises a position of said second of said monitoring devices, and calculating a distance (d) between said first of said monitoring devices and said second of said monitoring devices using said position of said first of said monitoring devices and using said second device status dataset. 