Methods are generally provided for adhering a support insert within a connection aperture defined in an encapsulating substrate of a photovoltaic device that has a first lead. The connection aperture generally has a perimeter defined by an aperture wall of the encapsulating substrate. The method can, in one particular embodiment, include threading the first lead through the connection aperture; and positioning a support insert within the connection aperture such that the first lead is still able to extend through the connection aperture. The support insert can generally define a channel within its construction that extends from a channel opening in the support insert to an exit port. An adhesive composition can be injected into the channel opening such that a first amount of the adhesive composition flows through the channel and out of the exit port to bond the support insert within the connection aperture.
Claims 1. A method of adhering a support insert within a connection aperture defined in an encapsulating substrate of a photovoltaic device that has a first lead, the connection aperture having a perimeter defined by an aperture wall of the encapsulating substrate, the method comprising: threading the first lead through the connection aperture; positioning a support insert within the connection aperture such that the first lead is still able to extend through the connection aperture, wherein the support insert defines a channel within its construction, the channel extending from a channel opening in the support insert to an exit port; and, injecting an adhesive composition into the channel opening such that a first amount of the adhesive composition flows through the channel and out of the exit port to bond the support insert within the connection aperture. 2. The method as in claim 1, wherein the exit port is located on a side of the support insert such that the first amount of the adhesive composition that flows through the channel and out of the exit port bonds the side of the support insert to the aperture wall of the encapsulating substrate. 3. The method as in claim 2, wherein the channel splits within the construction of the support insert such that the channel extends from the channel opening to the exit port and to an inner opening such that injecting the adhesive composition into the channel opening results in the first amount of the adhesive composition flowing through the channel and out of the exit port and a second amount of adhesive composition flowing out of the inner opening, wherein the second amount of the adhesive composition flowing out of the inner opening bonds to an underlying layer of the photovoltaic device. 4. The method as in claim 1, wherein the exit port is located opposite of the channel opening on the support insert such that the first amount of the adhesive composition flows through the channel and out of the exit port to bond the support insert to an underlying layer of the photovoltaic device. 5. The method as in claim 1, wherein the support insert defines a plug portion positioned within the connection aperture and a flange extending over the back surface of the encapsulation substrate. 6. The method as in claim 5, wherein the connection aperture defines a depth from the back surface to the transparent substrate, and wherein the plug portion extends a distance of about 5% to about 75% of the depth of the connection aperture. 7. The method as in claim 6, wherein the exit port is located opposite of the channel opening on the support insert such that first amount of the adhesive composition flows through the channel and out of the exit port to bond the support insert to an underlying layer of the photovoltaic device, the method further comprising: forming an adhesive plug positioned between the plug portion of the support insert and the transparent substrate. 8. The method as in claim 5, wherein the flange of the support insert defines a first platform and a second platform, wherein the support insert is positioned such that the plug portion is within the connection aperture and the first platform and the second platform extend over a back surface of the encapsulation substrate. 9. The photovoltaic device as in claim 8, further comprising: mounting a junction box over the first platform and the second platform of the support insert; and, attaching the first lead to the junction box. 10. The photovoltaic device as in claim 8, wherein the first platform defines a first reservoir between the first platform and the back surface of the encapsulation substrate, and wherein the second platform defines a second reservoir between the second platform and the back surface of the encapsulation substrate, wherein the channel splits within the construction of the support insert such that the channel extends from the channel opening to a first reservoir opening and a second reservoir opening such that injecting the adhesive composition into the channel opening results in a first reservoir portion of the adhesive composition flowing through the channel and out of the first reservoir opening and a second reservoir portion flowing through the channel and out of the second reservoir opening such that the first reservoir portion flowing out of the first reservoir opening bonds the first platform to the back surface of the encapsulation substrate and the second reservoir portion flowing out of the second reservoir opening bonds the second platform to the back surface of the encapsulation substrate. 11. The method as in claim 1, wherein the support insert has a support thickness and the encapsulation substrate has a substrate thickness, and wherein the support thickness is equal to or less than the substrate thickness such that the support insert does not extend beyond an exposed surface defined by the encapsulation substrate. 12. The method as in claim 1, wherein the support insert defines a lip. 13. The method as in claim 12, wherein the lip extends perimetrically about the support insert. 14. The method as in claim 12, further comprising: coupling the lip of the support insert with a groove defined in the aperture wall of the encapsulation substrate. 15. The method as in claim 1, wherein the support insert defines a first slot, and wherein the support insert is positioned within the connection aperture such that the first lead is extends through the first slot. 16. A method of adhering a support insert within a connection aperture defined in an encapsulating substrate of a photovoltaic device that has a first lead, the connection aperture having a perimeter defined by an aperture wall of the encapsulating substrate, the method comprising: threading the first lead through the connection aperture; positioning a support insert within the connection aperture such that the first lead is able to extend through the connection aperture, wherein the support insert defines a plug portion positioned within the connection aperture, wherein the support insert further defines a first platform extending over the back surface of the encapsulation substrate and forming a first reservoir therebetween; and, injecting an adhesive composition into a channel opening in the support insert such that a first portion of the adhesive composition flows through a channel in the support insert out of a first reservoir opening and into the first reservoir to bond the first platform of the support insert to the back surface of the encapsulating substrate. 17. The method as in claim 16, wherein the support insert further defines a second platform, wherein the support insert is positioned such that the plug portion is within the connection aperture and the first platform and the second platform extend over a back surface of the encapsulation substrate. 18. The photovoltaic device as in claim 17, further comprising: mounting a junction box over the first platform and the second platform of the support insert; and, attaching the first lead to the junction box. 19. The photovoltaic device as in claim 16, wherein the second platform defines a second reservoir between the second platform and the back surface of the encapsulation substrate, wherein the channel splits within the construction of the support insert such that the channel extends from the channel opening to the first reservoir opening and a second reservoir opening such that injecting the adhesive composition into the channel opening results in a first reservoir portion of the adhesive composition flowing through the channel and out of the first reservoir opening and a second reservoir portion flowing through the channel and out of the second reservoir opening such that the second reservoir portion bonds the second platform to the back surface of the encapsulation substrate. 20. The method as in claim 16, wherein the channel splits within the construction of the support insert such that the channel extends from the channel opening to the first reservoir opening and to an inner opening such that injecting the adhesive composition into the channel opening results in the a first reservoir portion flowing through the channel and out of the first reservoir opening and the first portion flowing through the channel and out of the inner opening, wherein the first portion flowing out of the inner opening bonds to an underlying of the photovoltaic device. 