A system for cooling a user's body is provided. The body cooling system provides a rigid head covering, a ventilation component and an internal deflector component. The ventilation component may be integrated into or be removably attached to the rigid head covering. The internal deflector component directs air flow from the ventilation component along the user's body.
Claims 1. A body cooling system comprising: a rigid head covering comprising a shell and a suspension element, wherein the shell comprises a crown, a rim, an interior portion, an exterior portion and a plurality of ventilation holes; and a rotary fan mountable to the interior portion of the shell; and an internal deflector component attached to the suspension element suspended below the rotary fan; and a controller component in electrical communication with the rotary fan. 2. The body cooling system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of ventilation holes are located within the crown of the shell. 3. The body cooling system of claim 1, wherein the internal deflector component is a flexible disc approximately between 41/2 and six inches in diameter. 4. The body cooling system of claim 3, wherein the flexible disc is concave in shape. 5. The body cooling system of claim 3, wherein the internal deflector component is adjustable. 6. The body cooling system of claim 1, further comprising an external deflector component attachable to the rim. 7. A body cooling system comprising: a rigid head covering comprising a shell and a suspension element, wherein the shell comprises a crown opening, a rim, an interior portion and an exterior portion; and a ventilation component comprising: a mounting plate removably mountable to the shell within the crown opening of the rigid head covering, the mounting plate comprising an inside portion, an outside portion and a plurality of ventilation holes; and a rotary fan attached to the inside portion of the mounting plate; and an internal deflector component attached to the suspension element suspended below the rotary fan for directing airflow from the rotary fan; and a controller component in electrical communication with the rotary fan, the controller element comprising a switch and a power source, wherein the controller component is located externally to the rigid head covering. 8. The body cooling system of claim 7, wherein the controller component is mounted on a belt. 9. The body cooling system of claim 7, wherein the controller component is mountable to the exterior of the shell. 10. The body cooling system of claim 7, wherein the power source is a battery pack. 11. The body cooling system of claim 7, wherein the power source is a solar cell. 12. The body cooling system of claim 7, wherein the controller component is detachable from the rotary fan. 13. A body cooling system comprising: a helmet comprising a shell and a suspension element, wherein the shell comprises a crown opening, a rim, an interior portion and an exterior portion; and a ventilation component comprising: a mounting plate removably mountable to the shell within the crown opening of the helmet, the mounting plate comprising an inside portion, an outside portion and a plurality of ventilation holes; and a rotary fan attached to the inside portion of the mounting plate; and an internal deflector component attached to the suspension element suspended below the rotary fan for directing airflow from the rotary fan; an external deflector component attachable to and extending below a rear portion of a rim of the helmet for directing airflow from the rotary fan; and a controller component in electrical communication with the rotary fan, wherein the controller component is located externally to the helmet. 14. The body cooling system of claim 13, wherein the rotary fan comprises an electric motor and a plurality of fan blades rotatably attached to the electric motor. 15. The body cooling system of claim 14, wherein the plurality of fan blades comprise five fan blades. 16. The body cooling system apparatus of claim 14, wherein the rotary fan is between approximately three and five inches in diameter. 17. The body cooling system of claim 13, wherein the external deflector component is adjustable to redirect airflow from the rotary fan. 18. The body cooling system of claim 17, wherein the external deflector component is arcuate. 19. The body cooling system of claim 18, wherein the external deflector component is removable. 20. The body cooling system of claim 13, further comprising a cap plate mountable within the crown opening of the helmet for use when the ventilation component is removed from the helmet. 