A solar energy collection system can include support devices made with bearings formed from sheet material. These bearings can be optionally formed so as to provide tool-less connections to their associated bearing housings. The bearings can be formed with an open configuration allowing a shaft to be inserted into an open bite of the bearing. Optionally, the bearing can be made from an ultrahigh molecular weight polyethylene plastic material. Additionally, two open-type bearing assemblies can be mounted axially offset and opposed to one another.
Claims 1. A sun-tracking photovoltaic solar collector array, comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic devices; a support assembly supporting the photovoltaic devices so as to be pivotable about a pivot axis, the support assembly comprising: at least a first pivot supporting the plurality of photovoltaic modules; at least a first bearing supporting the first pivot so as to be pivotable about the pivot axis; and at least one pier supporting the bearing at a position above a support surface, the bearing comprising at least a first reduced friction member extending around a first arc of at least about 100 degrees about the first pivot, the first reduced friction member comprising a first end, a second end, and a central portion, the first and second ends being spaced apart sufficiently to allow at least a portion of the first pivot to pass between the first and second ends. 2. The sun tracking photovoltaic solar collector array according to claim 1, wherein the first reduced friction member comprises ultra high molecular weight polyethylene. 3. The sun tracking photovoltaic solar collector array according to claim 1, wherein the first reduced friction member comprises first and second protruding portions extending from the first and second ends, respectively. 4. The sun tracking photovoltaic solar collector array according to claim 3, wherein the first end comprises a shoulder extending at an angle transverse to a longitudinal axis of the first protruding portion. 5. The sun tracking photovoltaic solar collector array according to claim 1, the pier comprising a bearing support member extending around at least about 180 degrees about the first reduced friction member, the bearing support member including at least a first connector portion configured to engage the first end of the first reduced friction member so as to resist movement of the first friction member in at least a first direction. 6. The sun tracking photovoltaic solar collector array according to claim 1 additionally comprising a blocking member extending transverse to the first and second ends of the first reduced friction member so as to prevent the first pivot from passing away from the first reduced friction member and between the first and second ends of the first reduced friction member. 7. The sun tracking photovoltaic solar collector array according to claim 1, additionally comprising a second bearing comprising at least a second reduced friction member extending around at second arc of at least about 100 degrees about the first pivot, the second reduced friction member comprising a first end, a second end, and a central portion, the first and second ends of the second reduced friction member being spaced apart sufficiently to allow at least a portion of the first pivot to pass between the first and second ends. 8. The sun tracking photovoltaic solar collector array according to claim 7 the first mounting portion comprising at least a first engagement portion connecting the second reduced friction member to the pier. 9. The sun tracking photovoltaic solar collector array according to claim 7 additionally comprising at least a first mounting portion configured resist movement of the second reduced friction member in at least a first direction. 10. The sun tracking photovoltaic solar collector array according to claim 9, the first mounting portion comprising a second bearing support extending about an arc of about 180 degrees about the second reduced friction member and an engagement device fixing a position of the first bearing relative to the second bearing support. 11. The sun tracking photovoltaic solar collector array according to claim 10, wherein the engagement device is configured to guide the second bearing support along an engagement direction extending generally opposite to a direction toward which a bite of the first bearing faces. 12. The sun tracking photovoltaic solar collector array according to claim 1 additionally comprising a plurality of concentrating reflectors configured to reflect sunlight onto photo sensitive surfaces of the plurality of photovoltaic devices. 13. The sun tracking photovoltaic solar collector array according to claim 1, wherein a ratio of a combined weight of the plurality of photovoltaic devices which are pivoted toward a noon sun angle and the weight of the first pivot divided by the lift of the photovoltaic devices under a 20 mph transverse horizontal wind, is less than one. 14. The sun tracking photovoltaic solar collector array according to claim 13, wherein a bite of the first reduced friction member faces upwardly and there is no other bearing positioned generally above the first reduced friction member and transverse to a bite of the first reduced friction member. 15. The sun tracking photovoltaic solar collector array according to claim 14, additionally comprising a blocking member extending transverse to the bite of the first reduced friction member so as to prevent the pivot from passing between the first and second ends and away from the first reduced friction member. 16. The sun tracking photovoltaic solar collector array according to claim 1 additionally comprising a bearing support member positioned so as to support the reduced friction member, an upper surface of the bearing support member having an upwardly protruding convex surface disposed below the reduced friction member. 17. A method of assembling a sun-tracking photovoltaic solar collector array, comprising: mounting a first bearing housing at a position above the ground; inserting a first bearing member into the first bearing housing such that the first bearing member sags downwardly with first and second terminal ends of the first bearing member are spaced apart thereby having an upwardly facing bite; lowering a torque tube such that a portion of the torque tube passes between the first and second terminal ends of the first bearing member and onto the bite of the first bearing member, the first bearing member providing reduced friction with an outer surface of the torque tube such that the torque tube can pivot relative to the first bearing member, the torque tube supporting a plurality of photovoltaic devices. 18. The method according to claim 17 additionally comprising securing an additional member over the torque tube and across the bite of the first bearing member so as to inhibit the torque tube from lifting out of the bite of the first bearing member. 19. The method according to claim 17 additionally comprising mounting a second bearing housing and second bearing member above the torque tube at a position axially offset from and opposed to the first bearing member. 20. The method according to claim 17 additionally comprising attaching the first and second ends of the first bearing member to the first bearing housing such that the first bearing member is loaded in tension under the weight of the torque tube. 