A method of localizing stationary objects causing temporary shadowing of light sensitive components of a PV system is disclosed. The method includes analyzing an electrical signal of the light sensitive components with regard to an occurrence of a shadowing event caused by the stationary object, and determining from a solar altitude associated with the shadowing event a direction of the stationary object causing the shadowing event. The analysis of the electrical signal takes into account a shadow movement of the object as a function of the solar altitude. A distance of the object is determined from this analysis. The results of the method may be used to determine an energy loss associated with the stationary object and may support a decision on removal of the object to improve efficiency of the PV system.
Claims 1. A method of localizing stationary objects causing a temporary shadowing of light sensitive components of a PV system, comprising: analyzing an electrical signal of the light sensitive components with regard to an occurrence of a shadowing event caused by the stationary object; determining from a solar altitude associated with the shadowing event a direction of the stationary object causing the shadowing event, wherein analyzing the electrical signal comprises taking into account a shadow movement of the object as a function of the solar altitude; and determining a distance of the object from the analysis of the electrical signal. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein analyzing the electrical signal comprises distinguishing between stationary objects and non-stationary objects as a cause of the shadowing event based on the analysis of the electrical signal. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein analyzing the electrical signal comprises comparing electrical signals from different ones of the light sensitive components to detect the occurrence of a shadowing event caused by a stationary object. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein analyzing the electrical signal comprises analyzing the electrical signal for repetition at substantially the same solar altitude over a plurality of days to detect the occurrence of a shadowing event caused by a stationary object. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising regarding detected shadowing events within a fault monitoring of the PV system to avoid false warnings. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein analyzing the electrical signal comprises determining a first solar altitude at which a shadow edge transits the light sensitive components. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the distance of the object is determined based on the first solar altitude. 8. The method of claim 7, further comprising distinguishing between a single object and a plurality of objects causing temporary shadowing by analyzing distances of object edges associated with shadow edges transiting the light sensitive components. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein analyzing the electrical signal comprises analyzing frequency components of the electrical signal during a transition period of shadow edges across the light sensitive components to determine a type of object causing temporary shadowing. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein analyzing the electrical signal comprises analyzing the electrical signal associated with shadowing caused by a stationary object for seasonal changes to determine a type of object causing temporary shadowing. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the electrical signal is analyzed from a single light sensitive component with a lateral extent in a direction of the shadow movement or from a plurality of light sensitive components distributed along the direction of the shadow movement. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein analyzing the electrical signal comprises analyzing a plurality of the electrical signals from a plurality of light sensitive components arranged in a spaced manner in a direction of the shadow movement. 13. The method of claim 1, wherein determining a distance of the object comprises performing a triangulation calculation. 14. The method of claim 1, further comprising determining an energy loss associated with the object based on the analyzed electrical signal. 15. The method of claim 1, further comprising entering the solar altitude associated with the shadowing event into a solid angle map. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the direction of a feature of the stationary object causing the shadowing event is derived from the solid angle map. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein the distance of at least a feature of the stationary object causing the shadowing event is added to the solid angle map. 18. The method of claim 15, wherein an anergy loss associated with the stationary object causing the shadowing event is added to the solid angle map. 19. The method of claim 1, wherein the light sensitive components of the PV system are selected from the group of a solar cell, a string of solar modules, and additional photo-detectors. 