A system and method for extracting power from a power source having a high internal resistance are presented. A capacitor is connected to the power source. A switch is configured to selectively connect and disconnect the capacitor from a load. A processor is configured to monitor an energy flow from the power source into the capacitor and an amount of energy in the capacitor. When the energy flow from the power source into the capacitor falls below a first threshold, the processor is configured to close the switch to dissipate energy from the capacitor to the load. When the energy in the capacitor falls below a second threshold, the processor is configured to open the switch to disconnect the capacitor from the load.
Claims 1. A system for extracting power from a power source having a high internal resistance, comprising: a capacitor connected to the power source; a switch configured to selectively connect and disconnect the capacitor from a load; and a processor configured to: monitor an energy flow from the power source into the capacitor and an amount of energy in the capacitor, when the energy flow from the power source into the capacitor falls below a first threshold, close the switch to dissipate energy from the capacitor to the load, and when the energy in the capacitor falls below a second threshold, open the switch to disconnect the capacitor from the load. 2. The system of claim 1, including: a first inductor connected to the capacitor through the switch; and a second inductor connected to the load, where the first and second inductors are magnetically coupled to one another. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the first and second inductor are wound about a mutual core. 4. The system of claim 3, including a third inductor wound about the mutual core, the third inductor being connected to a second power source. 5. The system of claim 1, including a transformer, wherein the capacitor is connected to a primary winding of the transformer and the load is connected to a secondary winding of the transformer. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the power source comprises a solar cell. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the solar cell has an open circuit voltage of approximately 0.5 volts to approximately 0.65 volts and an internal resistance of approximately 3 ohms. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the capacitor has a capacitance of approximately 4 micro-farads to approximately 6 micro-farads. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the power source comprises a fuel cell. 10. A system for extracting power from a power source having a high internal resistance, comprising: a capacitor connected to the power source; a processor configured to: monitor an energy flow from the power source into the capacitor and an amount of energy in the capacitor, when the energy flow from the power source into the capacitor falls below a first threshold, dissipate energy from the capacitor to the load, and when the energy in the capacitor falls below a second threshold, disconnect the capacitor from the load. 11. The system of claim 10, including: a first inductor connected to the capacitor; and a second inductor connected to the load, where the first and second inductors are magnetically coupled to one another. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the first and second inductor are wound about a mutual core. 13. The system of claim 10, including: a transformer, wherein the capacitor is connected to a primary winding of the transformer and the load is connected to a secondary winding of the transformer. a second inductor connected to the load, where the first and second inductors are magnetically coupled to one another. 14. The system of claim 10, wherein the power source comprises a solar cell. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the solar cell has an open circuit voltage of approximately 0.5 volts to approximately 0.65 volts and an internal resistance of approximately 3 ohms. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the capacitor has a capacitance of approximately 4 micro-farads to approximately 6 micro-farads. 17. A method of extracting power from a power source having a high internal resistance, comprising: monitoring an energy flow from the power source into a capacitor connected to the power source; when the energy flow from the power source into the capacitor falls below a first threshold, dissipating energy from the capacitor to a load connected to the capacitor; and monitoring an amount of energy in the capacitor, when the energy in the capacitor falls below a second threshold, disconnecting the capacitor from the load. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the power source comprises a solar cell. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the solar cell has an open circuit voltage of approximately 0.5 volts to approximately 0.65 volts and an internal resistance of approximately 3 ohms. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the capacitor has a capacitance of approximately 4 micro-farads to approximately 6 micro-farads. 