A system for collecting and communicating data associated with a waterborne vehicle, includes at least one sensor configured to provide signals indicative of data associated with a parameter related to a waterborne vehicle. The system further includes a communication module configured to receive the signals and communicate with a user interface located remote from the vehicle. A method for loading material onto a waterborne vehicle, includes conveying material onto the waterborne vehicle. The method further includes monitoring the draft of the waterborne vehicle using at least one sensor, and discontinuing conveying the material onto the waterborne vehicle when the draft of the waterborne vehicle reaches a predetermined draft as indicated by the at least ore sensor.
Claims 1. A system for collecting and communicating data associated with a waterborne vehicle, the system comprising: at least one sensor configured to provide signal indicative of data associated with a parameter related to a waterborne vehicle; and a communication module configured to receive the signals and communicate with a user interface located remote from the waterborne vehicle. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the parameter comprises at least one of location of the waterborne vehicle, draft of the waterborne vehicle, a load carried by the waterborne vehicle, whether the waterborne vehicle has collided with another object, whether fluid is located in wing voids of the waterborne vehicle, current and/or historical pressure in product tanks of the waterborne vehicle, current and/or historical vacuum in product tanks of the waterborne vehicle, current and/or historical temperature in product tanks of the waterborne vehicle, humidity in the product tanks of the waterborne vehicle, ambient temperature associated with the waterborne vehicle, ambient pressure associated with the waterborne vehicle, and ambient humidity associated with the waterborne vehicle. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the communication module is self-powered. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein power for the communication module is supplied via at least one of a rechargeable battery, solar power, wind power, and water current power. 5. The system of claim 1, further comprising the user interface to facilitate viewing of data associated with the waterborne vehicle. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the communication module is coupled to the user interface via one or more of the following: a hard-wired link, a wireless link, a communications tower, a communications satellite, and an Internet connection. 7. The system of claim 5, term the user interface comprises a website. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein access to the website is password protected. 9. The system of claim 5, wherein the user interface comprises at least one of a computer and mobile computer. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the mobile computer comprises a smart phone. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein the system is configured to determine the draft of the waterborne vehicle at at least one location associated with the waterborne vehicle. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the system is configured to determine the draft of the waterborne vehicle at at least two locations associated with the waterborne vehicle. 13. The system of claim 11, wherein the system is configured to determine the draft of the waterborne vehicle at at least three locations associated with the waterborne vehicle. 14. The system of claim 11, wherein the system configured to determine the draft of the waterborne vehicle at at least four locations associated with the waterborne vehicle. 15. The system of claim 11, wherein the at least one sensor comprises a pressure sensor. 16. The system of claim 1, wherein the communication with the user interface comprises a cellular message. 17. The system of claim 1, wherein a device associated with the user interface is configured to compare a value based on the signals indicative of data associated with the parameter with a predetermined set point value. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the device associated with the user interface is further configured to output at least one of a warning and an alarm if the comparison satisfies a predetermined criterion. 19. A method for loading material onto a waterborne vehicle, the method comprising: conveying material onto the waterborne vehicle; monitoring the draft of the waterborne vehicle using at least one sensor; and discontinuing conveying the material onto the waterborne vehicle when the draft of the waterborne vehicle reaches a predetermined draft as indicated by the at least one sensor. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising communicating a signal measured by the at least one sensor to a remote location using a communication module. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein communicating the signal includes communicating data related to the draft of the waterborne vehicle. 22. The method of claim 19, wherein monitoring the draft of the waterborne vehicle further comprises outputting at least one of a warning and an alarm when the draft of the waterborne vehicle is equal to or exceeds the predetermined draft. 23. The method of claim 19, wherein monitoring the draft of the waterborne vehicle includes using at least one pressure sensor to monitor the draft. 24. A waterborne vehicle comprising: a hull; and a system coupled to the hull, wherein the system is configured to collect and communicate data associated with the waterborne vehicle, the system comprising: at least one sensor configured to provide signals indicative of data associated with a parameter related to the waterborne vehicle, and a communication module configured to receive the signals and communicate with a user interface located remote from the vehicle. 25. The waterborne vehicle of clam 24, wherein the waterborne vehicle comprises a barge. 26. The waterborne vehicle of claim 24, wherein the parameter comprises at least one of location of the waterborne vehicle, draft of the waterborne vehicle, a load carried by the waterborne vehicle, whether the waterborne vehicle has collided with another object, whether fluid is located in wing voids of the waterborne vehicle, current and/or historical pressure in product tanks of the waterborne vehicle, current and/or historical vacuum in product tanks of the waterborne vehicle, current and/or historical temperature in product tanks of the waterborne vehicle, humidity in the product tanks of the waterborne vehicle, ambient temperature associated with the waterborne vehicle, ambient pressure associated with the waterborne vehicle, and ambient humidity associated with the waterborne vehicle. 27. The waterborne vehicle of claim 26, wherein the communication module is self-powered. 28. The waterborne vehicle of claim 26, wherein power for the communication module is supplied via at least one of a rechargeable battery, solar power, wind power, and water current power. 29. The waterborne vehicle of claim 24, further comprising the user interface to facilitate viewing of data associated with the waterborne vehicle. 30. The waterborne vehicle of claim 29, wherein the communication module is coupled to the user interface via one or more of the following: a hard-wired link, a wireless link, a communications tower, a communications satellite, and an Internet connection. 31. The waterborne vehicle of claim 29, wherein the user interface comprises a website. 32. The waterborne vehicle of claim 31, wherein access to the website is password-protected. 33. The waterborne vehicle of claim 29, wherein the user interface comprises at least one of a computer and mobile computer. 34. The waterborne vehicle of claim 33, wherein the mobile computer comprises a smart phone. 35. The waterborne vehicle of claim 24, wherein the system is configured to determine the draft of the waterborne vehicle at at least one location associated with the waterborne vehicle. 36. The waterborne vehicle of claim 35, wherein the system is configured to determine the draft of the waterborne vehicle at at least two locations associated with the waterborne vehicle. 37. The waterborne vehicle of claim 35, wherein the system is configured to determine the draft of the waterborne vehicle at at least three locations associated with the waterborne vehicle. 38. The waterborne vehicle of claim 35, wherein the system is configured to determine the draft of the waterborne vehicle at at least four locations associated the waterborne vehicle. 39. The waterborne vehicle of claim 35, wherein the at least one sensor comprises a pressure sensor. 40. The waterborne vehicle of claim 24, where in the communication with the user interface comprises a cellular message. 41. The waterborne vehicle of claim 41, wherein a device associated with the user interface is configured to compare a value based on the signals indicative of data associated with the parameter with a predetermined set point value. 42. The waterborne vehicle of clam 41, wherein the device associated with the user interface is further configured to output at least one of a warning and an alarm if the comparison satisfies a predetermined criterion. 