A remote resource can be configured to control connectivity of the power generator modules in a string. For example, a respective power generator module can include a current sense circuit that monitors for presence of communication signal. The power generator module can monitor for a presence of a remotely generated control signal over power line that is used by the respective power generator module to convey power to the external load. If the control signal is present on the power line, as generated by the remote resource, the control circuit in the respective power generator module activates the switch to an ON state such that respective activated power generator module is connected in series with the other activated power generator modules. If no keep-alive control signal is detected within a timeout period, the controller deactivates the respective power generator module.
Claims 1. A power system comprising: a string of power generator modules, the power generator modules in the string controllably connected in series to convey power produced by the power generator modules over a power line through the power generator modules to a load, each of the respective power generator modules including: a sensing element to monitor presence of a control signal received by the respective power generator module on the power line from a remote signal generator; a switch to selectively connect the respective power generator module in the series connection; and a controller that controls a state of the switch based on the control signal received over the power line. 2. The power system as in claim 1, wherein the power generator modules are PhotoVoltaic (PV) modules that convert solar energy to electrical energy; and wherein each of the power generator modules in the string includes an anode and cathode serially connected in the power line. 3. The power system as in claim 1, wherein the control signal is an AC signal generated by the remote signal generator; and wherein each of the power generator modules includes a capacitor disposed across output terminals of the respective power generator module to convey the control signal on the power line. 4. The power system as in claim 1, wherein the controller sets the switch to an OFF state to operate the respective power generator module in a bypass mode in the absence of detecting presence of the control signal. 5. The power system as in claim 1, wherein the sensing element is a current sensing element to detect the control signal; wherein the controller activates the switch to an ON state responsive to detecting that the current sensed by the current sensing element is greater than a first threshold value; and wherein the controller deactivates the switch to an OFF responsive to detecting that the current sensed by the current sensing element is less than a second threshold value. 6. The power system as in claim 5, wherein first threshold value and the second threshold value are substantially equal. 7. The power system as in claim 1 further comprising: a diode disposed across output terminals of the respective power generator module to protect the switch from being damaged by an over voltage condition. 8. The power system as in claim 7, wherein the diode serves as a bypass diode when the switch is set to an OFF state, enabling over-temperature and under-voltage control to limit power dissipation of control circuitry in the respective power generator module without shutting off string current. 9. The power system as in claim 1, wherein the sensing element is a transformer device that detects presence of current injected onto the power line by the remote signal generator. 10. The power system as in claim 1, wherein a current through the string decreases in response to at least one condition from the group consisting of: shorting output voltage of the string; terminating generation of the control signal; disabling the remote signal generator in response to a fault condition; opening of the power line disconnect switch; physically disconnecting a power generator module from the string; and opening a fuse device or circuit breaker disposed between the power generator module and the load. 11. The power system as in claim 1, wherein the controller and related control circuitry in the respective power generator module is powered via power generated by a power source in the respective power generator module. 12. The power system as in claim 1, wherein the switch is a transistor. 13. The power system as in claim 1, wherein the switch is an electromechanical relay device. 14. The power system as in claim 2, wherein the respective power generator module includes a temperature sensor circuit, the controller turning OFF the switch in response to detecting that a temperature associated with the respective power generator module is above a threshold value. 15. The power system as in claim 2, wherein the respective power generator module includes a voltage level sensor to control the switch to an OFF state in response to detecting that a voltage produced by the respective power generator module is below an under-voltage threshold value. 16. The power system as in claim 10, wherein occurrence of a parallel arc across an array in the respective power generator module reduces an array voltage and thereby disconnects modules from the output array and reduces the power that can be delivered to a fault. 17. The power system as in claim 1, wherein the remote signal generator produces the control signal as a keep-alive signal. 18. A method comprising: generating a control signal; transmitting the control signal over a power line to activate each of multiple power generator modules in a series connection of multiple power generator modules; and receiving power over the power line from the activated power generator modules connected in series. 19. The method as in claim 18, wherein generating the control signal includes generating the control signal as an AC signal over the power line; and wherein receiving the power over the power line includes receiving a substantially DC voltage produced by the series connection of activated power generator modules to power a load. 20. The method as in claim 18 further comprising: discontinuing transmission of the control signal over the power line to deactivate each respective power generator module in the series connection of multiple power generator modules. 21. The method as in claim 18, wherein transmitting the control signal over the power line causes substantially simultaneous activation of the power generator modules to produce an output voltage. 22. A power generator module disposed in a series connection of multiple power generator modules, a respective power generator module in the series connection comprising: an anode power terminal; a cathode power terminal; a diode device, an anode of the diode device coupled via an electrical path to the cathode power terminal of the respective power generator module, a cathode of the diode device coupled via an electrical path to the anode power terminal of the power generator module. 23. The power generator module as in claim 22 further comprising: a switch disposed in series with a power source in the respective power generator module that generates power, the switch controlling application of the power produced by the power source across the anode power terminal and the cathode power terminal of the respective power generator module. 24. The power generator module as in claim 23, wherein the switch is a field effect transistor having an inherent diode, a forward bias of the inherent diode supporting a current flow from the anode power terminal to the cathode power terminal through the power source. 25. The power generator module as in claim 24, wherein a combination of the switch disposed in series with the power resource is disposed substantially in parallel with the diode device. 26. The power generator module as in claim 23 further comprising: a sensor element to monitor a communication signal received over a power line to which the anode power terminal and cathode power terminal are connected; and control circuitry to control a state of the switch depending on the communication signal. 