An apparatus for use in a solar energy facility including a plurality of photovoltaic systems distributed over a local area and a plurality of tracking systems that operate to control orientation of corresponding photovoltaic systems. Each tracking system includes a tracking control unit that employs a wireless network interface for wireless communication over the local area. The apparatus includes a wireless network interface for wireless communication over the local area, a plurality of sensors including a GPS receiver module and an anemometer, a microcontroller operably coupled to the wireless network interface and to the plurality of sensors, a power supply unit (including means for storage of electrical energy) for supplying DC power signals to the apparatus, and at least one photovoltaic cell for converting solar insolation into DC power supply signals that are supplied to the electrical energy storage means of the power supply unit. The microcontroller of the apparatus is programmed to operate in a plurality of modes. The plurality of modes include a low power mode where the microcontroller, wireless network interface and the GPS receiver of the apparatus are automatically operated in respective power saving modes in order to reduce load on the power supply unit of the apparatus. The apparatus can be used in conjunction with a gateway control element to provide for communication to remote monitoring and control stations. The gateway control element can also operate to facilitate tasks on the local wireless network, such as forming the wireless network and multicast propagation of messages.
Claims 1. An apparatus for use in a solar energy facility including a plurality of photovoltaic systems distributed over a local area and a plurality of tracking systems corresponding to the photovoltaic systems that operate to orient the corresponding photovoltaic systems, wherein each tracking system includes a tracking control unit, and wherein the tracking control units of the tracking systems each include a wireless network interface for wireless communication over the local area, the apparatus comprising: a wireless network interface for wireless communication over the local area; a plurality of sensors including a GPS receiver and an anemometer; a microcontroller operably coupled to said wireless network interface and said plurality of sensors of said apparatus; a power supply unit for supplying DC power signals to said apparatus, said power supply unit including means for storage of electrical energy; and at least one photovoltaic cell, operably coupled to said power supply unit, for converting solar insolation into DC power supply signals that are supplied to said electrical energy storage means of said power supply unit; wherein the microcontroller is programmed to operate in a plurality of modes, wherein said plurality of modes include a low power mode where the microcontroller, wireless network interface and the GPS receiver of said apparatus are automatically operated in respective power saving modes in order to reduce load on said power supply unit of said apparatus. 2. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein: the apparatus does not draw power from mains electricity. 3. An apparatus according to claim 2, wherein: in the low power mode said microcontroller is programmed to raise a wind speed alarm based on output of said anemometer. 4. An apparatus according to claim 3, wherein: said microcontroller is programmed to perform a predetermined sequence of operations in the event that the wind speed alarm has been raised, wherein the sequence of operations includes changing the mode of operation of said wireless network interface of said apparatus to allow for wireless communication over the local area, and using said wireless network interface to wirelessly communicate over the local area a message that conveys an indication that the wind speed alarm has been raised by the apparatus. 5. An apparatus according to claim 4, wherein: said microcontroller controls said wireless network interface of said apparatus to return back to its power savings mode after completing said predetermined sequence of operations. 6. An apparatus according to claim 3, wherein: said wind speed alarm is represented by an interrupt. 7. An apparatus according to claim 3, wherein: in the low power mode said microcontroller is programmed to derive a measure of wind speed based on the output of said anemometer, and evaluate the measure of wind speed in order to determine whether to raise said wind speed alarm. 8. An apparatus according to claim 7, wherein: in the low power mode said microcontroller is the programmed to raise said wind speed alarm in the event that the measure of wind speed exceeds a predetermined threshold. 9. An apparatus according to claim 2, wherein: in the low power mode said microcontroller is programmed to monitor status of a first time alarm. 10. An apparatus according to claim 9, wherein: said microcontroller is programmed to perform a predetermined sequence of operations in the event that the status of the first time alarm provides an indication that the first time alarm has been raised, wherein the sequence of operations includes i) changing the mode of operation of said wireless network interface of said apparatus to allow for wireless communication over the local area; and ii) using said wireless network interface to wirelessly communicate a predetermined message over the local area to provide an indication that the wireless network interface of the apparatus is active and ready for communication. 11. An apparatus according to claim 10, wherein: said microcontroller controls said wireless network interface to return back to its power saving mode after completing said predetermined sequence of operations. 12. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein: said microcontroller of the apparatus maintains a real time clock; and for at least a majority of the time that said GPS receiver is operated in its power saving mode, said GPS receiver is incapable of receiving RF signals from GPS satellites. 13. An apparatus according to claim 12, wherein: in the low power mode said microcontroller is programmed to monitor status of a second time alarm. 14. An apparatus according to claim 13, wherein: said microcontroller is programmed to perform a predetermined sequence of operations in the event that the status of the second time alarm provides an indication that the second time alarm has been raised, wherein the sequence of operations includes i) changing the mode of operation of said GPS receiver of said apparatus to allow for deriving time from RF signals received from GPS satellites, and ii) reading time from said GPS receiver of said apparatus; and iii) updating said real time clock maintained by said microcontroller based upon the time read from said GPS receiver in order to compensate for drift of said real time clock. 15. An apparatus according to claim 14, wherein: said microcontroller controls said GPS receiver to return back to its power saving mode after completing said predetermined sequence of operations. 16. An apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising: an enclosure that houses at least said microcontroller, said power supply unit, said GPS receiver and at least a portion of said wireless network interface; wherein said anemometer and said at least one photovoltaic cell are external to said enclosure. 17. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein: said wireless network interface of said apparatus supports wireless communication over a wireless mesh network. 18. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein: said wireless network interface said apparatus is configured to operate as an end device of a Zigbee wireless network. 19. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein: said wireless network interface of said apparatus is configured to support multicast of a respective message to the tracking control units, wherein the multicast is carried out in a transparent manner with respect to the operation of said wireless network interface. 20. An apparatus according to claim 19, wherein: the respective message carries information selected from the group consisting of: a wind alarm generated by the microcontroller of the apparatus, time maintained by the real time clock of the microcontroller, and location derived from the GPS receiver of the apparatus. 21. A distributed tracking and control system for use in a solar energy farm including a plurality of photovoltaic systems distributed over a local area and a first control unit remotely located from the local area, the tracking and control system comprising: a second control unit located within the local area and having a network interface for communicating with the first control unit; a plurality of trackers corresponding to the photovoltaic systems that operate to orient the corresponding photovoltaic systems, wherein each tracker includes a tracking control unit, and wherein the second control unit and the tracking control units of the trackers each include a wireless network interface for wireless communication over the local area; and a third control unit, separate and distinct from the second control unit and the tracking control units of the trackers, the third control unit including a wireless network interface for wireless communication over the local area, a plurality of sensors including a GPS receiver module and an anemometer, a microcontroller operably coupled to said wireless network interface and said plurality of sensors of said third control unit, a power supply unit for supplying DC power signals to said third control unit, said power supply unit including means for storage of electrical energy, and at least one photovoltaic cell, operably coupled to said power supply unit, for converting solar insolation into DC power supply signals that are supplied to said electrical energy storage means of said power supply unit, wherein the microcontroller is programmed to operate in a plurality of modes, wherein said plurality of modes include a low power mode where the microcontroller, wireless network interface and the GPS receiver of said third control unit are automatically operated in respective power saving modes in order to reduce load on said power supply unit. 22. A system according to claim 21, wherein: the third control unit does not draw power from mains electricity. 23. A system according to claim 22, wherein: in the low power mode said microcontroller of said third control unit is programmed to raise a wind speed alarm based on output of said anemometer. 24. A system according to claim 23, wherein: said microcontroller of said third control unit is programmed to perform a predetermined sequence of operations in the event that the wind speed alarm has been raised, wherein the sequence of operations includes changing the mode of operation of said wireless network interface of said apparatus to allow for wireless communication over the local area, and using said wireless network interface to wirelessly communicate over the local area a message that conveys an indication that the wind speed alarm has been raised by the third control unit. 25. A system according to claim 24, wherein: said microcontroller controls said wireless network interface of said third control unit to return back to its power savings mode after completing said predetermined sequence of operations. 26. A system according to claim 23, wherein: said wind speed alarm is represented by an interrupt. 27. A system according to claim 23, wherein: in the low power mode said microcontroller is programmed to derive a measure of wind speed based on the output of said anemometer, and evaluate the measure of wind speed in order to determine whether to raise said wind speed alarm. 28. A system according to claim 27, wherein: in the low power mode said microcontroller is the programmed to raise said wind speed alarm in the event that the measure of wind speed exceeds a predetermined threshold. 29. A system according to claim 22, wherein: in the low power mode said microcontroller is programmed to monitor status of a first time alarm. 30. A system according to claim 29, wherein: said microcontroller is programmed to perform a predetermined sequence of operations in the event that the status of the first time alarm provides an indication that the first time alarm has been raised, wherein the sequence of operations includes i) changing the mode of operation of said wireless network interface of said third control unit to allow for wireless communication over the local area; and ii) using said wireless network interface of said third control unit to wirelessly communicate a predetermined message over the local area to provide an indication that the wireless network interface of the third control unit is active and ready for communication. 31. A system according to claim 30, wherein: said microcontroller controls said wireless network interface of the third control unit to return back to its power saving mode after completing said predetermined sequence of operations. 32. A system according to claim 21, wherein: said microcontroller of the third control unit maintains a real time clock; and for at least a majority of the time that the GPS receiver of the third control unit is operated in its power saving mode, the GPS receiver of the third control unit is incapable of receiving RF signals from GPS satellites. 33. A system according to claim 32, wherein: in the low power mode said microcontroller is programmed to monitor status of a second time alarm. 34. A system according to claim 23, wherein: said microcontroller is programmed to perform a predetermined sequence of operations in the event that the status of the second time alarm provides an indication that the second time alarm has been raised, wherein the sequence of operations includes i) changing the mode of operation of said GPS receiver of said third control unit to allow for deriving time from RF signals received from GPS satellites, and ii) reading time from said GPS receiver of said third control unit; and iii) updating said real time clock maintained by said microcontroller based upon the time read from said GPS receiver in order to compensate for drift of said real time clock. 35. A system according to claim 34, wherein: said microcontroller controls said GPS receiver module to return back to its power saving mode after completing said predetermined sequence of operations. 36. A system according to claim 21, wherein: said third control unit further comprises an enclosure that houses at least said microcontroller, said power supply unit, said GPS receiver, and at least a portion of said wireless network interface; and wherein said anemometer and said at least one photovoltaic cell are external to said enclosure. 37. A system according to claim 21, wherein: said wireless network interfaces of said tracking control units, second control unit and third control unit support wireless communication over a wireless mesh network. 38. A system according to claim 21, wherein: said wireless network interface of said third control unit is configured to operate as an end device of a Zigbee wireless network. 39. A system according to claim 21, wherein: the wireless network interface of said second control unit is configured to operate as a coordinator of a Zigbee wireless network. 40. A system according to claim 21, wherein: said wireless network interface of said second control unit is configured to support multicast of a respective message to the tracking control units, wherein the respective message conveys parameter data acquired by the third control unit and communicated to the second control unit. 41. A system according to claim 21, wherein: the second control unit operates to propagate information acquired by the third control unit (or messages derived thereform) to the tracking control units. 42. A system according to claim 21, wherein: said second control unit is configured to operate as a gateway for communication between the nodes on the wireless network and the first control unit. 43. A system according to claim 42, wherein: the second control unit communicates with the first control unit over a wide area network. 44. A system according to claim 43, wherein: the wide area network includes the Internet. 45. A system according to claim 43, wherein: the wide area network comprises a VPN connection over the Internet. 46. A system according to claim 21, wherein: the first control unit comprises a remote SCADA system. 47. A system according to claim 21, wherein: the first control unit comprises a remote management station. 48. A system according to claim 1, wherein: the third control unit includes mounting means for mounting the third control unit to a pole. 49. An apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising: mounting means for mounting the apparatus to a pole. 