The power source apparatus enables each battery pack to be charged with power supplied from an external charging power supply, and allows power stored in each battery pack to be output externally. Each battery pack is provided with battery pack fault output terminals to send battery pack error signals to other battery packs or to the protection unit when a malfunction occurs. The protection unit is provided with protection unit input-output terminals to connect with battery pack fault output terminals, and a protection circuit capable of cutting-off battery pack current. When a battery pack malfunction occurs, a battery pack error signal is output from the battery pack fault output terminals to the protection unit input-output terminals. When the protection unit detects a battery pack error signal, the protection circuit cuts-off current.
Claims 1. A power source apparatus comprising: one or more battery packs having a plurality of rechargeable battery cells connected in series and/or parallel; and a protection unit that can electrically connect with the battery packs, wherein each battery pack can be charged with power supplied from an external charging power supply, and power stored in each battery pack can be output externally, wherein each battery pack is provided with battery pack fault output terminals to send battery pack error signals to other battery packs or to the protection unit when an abnormal condition develops, wherein the protection unit is provided with protection unit input-output terminals to connect with the battery pack fault output terminals, and a protection circuit capable of cutting-off battery pack current, wherein when a battery pack abnormality occurs, a battery pack error signal is output from the battery pack fault output terminals of the affected battery pack to the protection unit input-output terminals of the protection unit, and wherein when the protection unit detects a battery pack error signal, the protection circuit cuts-off current. 2. The power source apparatus as cited in claim 1 wherein the battery packs and protection unit are connected via a common output lined, and the protection circuit is connected in series with the output lined. 3. The power source apparatus as cited in claim 1 wherein each battery pack comprises: battery blocks made up of a plurality of battery cells connected in parallel, a battery monitoring circuit connected in parallel with each battery block to detect the voltage of each battery cell, a battery pack control circuit connected to the battery monitoring circuit to control battery block output current, and a current fuse connected in series with the battery blocks to cut-off current flow when it exceeds a given value, wherein if the battery monitoring circuit detects a voltage greater than or equal to a given battery cell threshold voltage in any of the battery cells, the battery pack control circuit issues a battery pack error signal from the battery pack fault output terminals. 4. The power source apparatus as cited in claim 3 wherein each battery pack further comprises a second battery monitoring circuit, wherein the system is configured for the battery monitoring circuit to cut-off current at a first battery cell threshold voltage, and wherein for the second battery monitoring circuit to cut-off current at a second battery cell threshold voltage that is higher than the first battery cell threshold voltage. 5. The power source apparatus as cited in claim 1 wherein a plurality of battery packs are connected in parallel, and the protection unit is connected in parallel with the battery packs. 6. The power source apparatus as cited in claim 1 wherein the protection circuit comprises: a charging cut-off switch that cuts-off charging current; and a discharge cut-off switch that cuts-off discharge current. 7. The power source apparatus as cited in claim 1 wherein the protection unit further comprises battery charging functional capability to charge battery packs with power supplied from an external charging power supply. 8. The power source apparatus as cited in claim 1 wherein the battery packs do not have battery charging functional capability. 9. The power source apparatus as cited in claim 1 wherein the charging power supply is solar cell panels. 10. The power source apparatus as cited in claim 1 wherein data communication between battery packs is conducted according to RS-485 standards. 