A non-intrusive solar panel bracket for the prevention of the sudden displacement of large amounts of snow and ice from solar panels mounted on a pitched roof, the brackets selectively snap fit over the lower horizontal frame member of a solar panel, a portion of the bracket extending upwardly above the level of the solar panel preventing the downward displacement of snow and ice, yet at a height so as not to interfere with the solar panels generation of electricity.
Claims 1. A solar panel bracket for the prevention of a sudden displacement of large amounts of snow and ice from solar panels mounted on a pitched roof, the bracket comprising: a planar lower wall having a width compatible with the width of a frame member of a solar panel, a perpendicular rear wall extending upwardly from a first edge of said bottom wall, said rear wall extending above and perpendicular to said solar panel, and a front wall formed with an acute angle with said bottom wall forming a channel between said front and rear wall, said channel snap fit over a portion of a frame element of said solar panel, said upper portion of said rear wall extending above said solar panel serving to block the downward slide of snow and ice from said solar panel. 2. The bracket in accordance with claim 1 wherein said rear wall is formed with a threaded aperture for receipt of a threaded thumb screw to frictionally engage said portion of said frame member of said solar panel positioned between said front and rear walls of said bracket. 3. The bracket in accordance with claim 1 wherein said rear wall of said bracket is formed with a resilient bumper member extending outwardly there from, said resilient bumper member abutting and frictionally engaging a frame member of a solar panel positioned below an adjacent said bracket. 4. A solar panel for mounting on a pitched roof, said solar panel incorporating a removable bracket for the prevent of the sudden displacement of large amounts of snow and ice accumulated on the solar panels, solar panels comprising: a solar panel formed of a frame member having parallel longitudinal sides and parallel lateral sides, the frame members enclosing a plurality of solar cells, said solar cells overlaid with a tempered glass member, said solar panel positioned on a pitched roof such that one lateral or one longitudinal frame member is lower than its opposing frame member; a plurality of non-intrusive brackets secured to said lower frame member, said brackets comprising a planar bottom wall, a rear wall perpendicular to said bottom wall, and a front wall formed at an acute angle with said bottom wall, said lower frame member of said solar panel frictionally engaged in a channel defined by said bottom wall, rear wall, and said front wall of said bracket, said rear wall of said bracket extending above said level of tempered glass of said solar panel to form a dam for the prevent of sudden displacement of large amounts of snow and ice accumulated on said solar panels mounted on said pitched roof. 5. The bracket in accordance with claim 4 wherein said rear wall is formed with a threaded aperture for receipt of a threaded thumb screw to frictionally engage said portion of said frame member of said solar panel positioned between said front and rear walls of said bracket. 6. The bracket in accordance with claim 4 wherein said rear wall of said bracket is formed with a resilient bumper member extending outwardly there from, said resilient bumper member abutting and frictionally engaging a frame member of a solar panel positioned below an adjacent said bracket. 