A lighting system has a solar power generation section, a control section which generates a control signal based on the output of the solar power generation section, a power conversion section which converts a direct-current electric power input thereto to output a direct-current electric power, and a lighting section which is driven by the direct-current electric power output from the power conversion section
Claims 1. A lighting system comprising: a solar power generation section; a control section which generates a control signal based on an output of the solar power generation section; a power conversion section which converts a direct-current electric power input thereto to output a direct-current electric power; and a lighting section which is driven by the direct-current electric power output from the power conversion section. 2. The lighting system according to claim 1, wherein the direct-current electric power input to the power conversion section is a direct-current electric power that the solar power generation section outputs based on sunlight. 3. The lighting system according to claim 2, wherein the power conversion section comprises: a first power conversion section which converts the direct-current electric power input thereto from the solar power generation section to output a predetermined direct-current electric power; and a second power conversion section which converts the direct-current electric power input thereto from the first power conversion section to output a direct-current electric power. 4. The lighting system according to claim 3, wherein the predetermined direct-current electric power is a constant direct-current electric power. 5. The lighting system according to claim 2, wherein the control section comprises: a monitoring section which monitors the output of the solar power generation section; and a control signal generation section which outputs the control signal based on monitoring information from the monitoring section. 6. The lighting system according to claim 1, wherein the direct-current electric power input to the power conversion section is based on a direct-current electric power different from the direct-current electric power generated by the solar power generation section. 7. The lighting system according to claim 6, further comprising a power storage section which generates the direct-current electric power input to the power conversion section. 8. The lighting system according to claim 7, wherein the power storage section is charged by a direct-current electric power based on commercial electric power. 9. The lighting system according to claim 1, wherein the lighting section comprises a light emitting diode. 10. A lighting system comprising: a solar power generation section which generates a direct-current electric power by receiving sunlight; a lighting section which illuminates inside a room; an information acquisition section which monitors an output of the solar power generation section to acquire information on illuminance and direction of the sunlight; and a driver section which controls luminance of the lighting section based on an output of the information acquisition section. 11. The lighting system according to claim 10, wherein the driver section comprises table information that describes a correlation between the illuminance of the sunlight and the luminance of the lighting section. 12. The lighting system according to claim 11, wherein content of the table information can be changed as desired. 13. The lighting system according to claim 10, wherein the solar power generation section comprises a plurality of solar cell panels. 14. The lighting system according to claim 13, wherein the information acquisition section compares outputs of the plurality of solar cell panels to detect the direction of the sunlight from a result of the comparison. 15. The lighting system according to claim 10, further comprising a power supply section which feeds the direct-current electric power generated by the solar power generation section to the driver section without converting the direct-current electric power into an alternating-current electric power. 16. The lighting system according to claim 10, wherein how the lighting section is controlled is changed according to time of day. 