A system and method is provided for filtration and purification of a liquid. A purification system can be used for filtration and purification of water. A system can include a raw water treatment system, an ultra filtration system, a reverse osmosis purification system, and a solar power system. A purification system can include hardware and controls for decreasing energy use and system inefficiency by monitoring and controlling temperatures of individual components, of the system, or of the purified liquid. A purification system can include a wetted ground and ground monitoring system control or improve the effectiveness of a ground.
Claims 1. A pump unit configured for use with a high pressure reverse osmosis system, the pump unit configured for generating at least 100 pounds per square inch of pressure, the pump unit comprising: a helical rotor pump; wherein the helical rotor pump receives solar direct power from at least one solar panel; and, a shroud extending over at least a portion of an outside circumferential edge of the helical rotor pump, wherein the shroud further comprise at least one channel configured for through-flow of process fluid; wherein the pump unit is configured for the through-flow of process fluid through the shroud, the channel, and the helical rotor pump, the process fluid cooling the pump unit. 2. The system of claim 1, the system further comprising a pump unit wherein the shroud covers the outside circumferential edge of the process fluid pressurizing components of the pump. 3. The system of claim 1, the system further comprising an array of solar panels configured to generate a desired range of electrical power. 4. The system of claim 1, the system further comprising powering the pump unit with one of at least one generator, at least one battery, or electricity from at least one electric grid. 5. A system for purification of water, the system comprising: a pump configured to generate sufficient pressure to process fluid at the desired rate; the pump further comprising: a shroud extending over the outside circumferential edge of pump, wherein the shroud further comprises channels configured for through-flow of process fluid; wherein the pump is configured for the through flow of process fluid to cool the pump; a pump controller configured to receive power from at least one solar panel, the pump controller further configured to control a pump by regulating power from the at least one solar panel to the pump, wherein the pump controller is thermally connected to a pump controller radiator, the pump controller radiator comprising channels configured for the through-flow of process fluid, wherein the radiator transfers heat from the pump controller to the process fluid; wherein the shroud and the pump controller radiator are configured to decrease the pressure differential across the reverse osmosis membrane required to purify process liquid by heating the process liquid. 6. The system of claim 5, the system further comprising a heat transfer device configured to collect ambient heat to additionally transfer heat to the process fluid. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the heat transfer device is further configured to transfer heat to the reverse osmosis system. 8. The system of claim 5, wherein the heat transfer device further comprises a water heating solar panel. 9. The system of claim 5, the system further comprising an array of solar panels configured to generate a desired range of electrical power. 10. The system of claim 5, the system further comprising powering the system with one of at least one generator, at least one battery, or electricity from at least one electric grid. 11. The system of claim 5, wherein the process fluid is pre-filtered. 12. The system of claim 5, wherein the process fluid is raw. 13. A method of purifying water using a solar-powered reverse osmosis system, the method comprising: heating process liquid by passing the liquid through a pump unit, the pump unit comprising a helical rotary pump and a shroud, the shroud further comprising channels configured for flow of the process liquid around the pump, wherein the efficiency of the pump unit increases by transferring heat from the pump unit to the process liquid; heating process liquid by passing the liquid through a heat transfer device in thermal communication with a pump controller, wherein the efficiency of the pump controller increases by transferring heat from the pump controller to the process liquid; and, purifying the process liquid by diffusing a portion of the process liquid through at least one reverse osmosis membrane, wherein the pressure differential across the membrane required to diffuse a portion of the process liquid is decreased by the increased temperature of the process liquid. 14. The method of claim 13, the method further comprising heating process liquid by passing the liquid through a heat transfer device configured for transferring ambient heat to the process liquid. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein a thermostat is coupled to the heat transfer device to maintain a range of designated temperatures of the process liquid. 16. The method of claim 14, wherein the heat transfer device comprises a solar water-heating panel. 17. The method of claim 13, the method further comprising transferring heat through a heat transfer device from the process liquid to the interior of a housing surrounding the reverse osmosis membrane. 18. The method of claim 13, wherein a thermostat is coupled to the heat transfer device to maintain a range of designated temperatures within the housing. 19. A purification system comprising: a raw water delivery system comprising: a straw having an opening sized and shaped to allow water to pass into the straw and to prevent objects larger than the opening from passing into the straw; a first filter, wherein the first filter is sized and configured to remove particulates of a first desired dimension from the water; and, a submerged pump; a water filtration system comprising: a second filter, wherein the second filter is sized and configured to remove particulates of a second desired dimension from the water; a filter membrane; and, a control system configured to monitor and manipulate the raw water temperature; a reverse osmosis purification system comprising: a pump having a shroud extending over at least a portion the outside circumferential edge of pump, wherein the pump is configured to generate sufficient pressure to process fluid at the desired rate; and, a reverse osmosis membrane; and, a power system configured to provide electrical power to the purification system. 