An autonomous stratospheric unmanned airship with an operating altitude from 5-22 km and with a mutli-month operational cycle. Spheroid rigid geodesic frame of constant volume formed by a multitude of struts, with an outer envelope enclosing the frame defining the eigenfrequency spectrum of the airship above 20 Hz, with vibrational amplitudes between 0.1 and 1 cm. Independently controllable electrical propulsion units, attached to the frame in the horizontal plane passing through the center of mass, can change the direction and value of the thrust vector. Buoyancy is controlled with a system integrated inside the geodesic frame including buoyant fluid pressurized tanks, valves for the release of the buoyant fluid through the buoyant fluid conduit into the buoyant gas cell which fills the geodesic frame. Valves at the subsystem support platform enable ambient atmosphere to fill the internal volume of the frame not occupied by the buoyant gas cell.
Claims 1.-7. (canceled) 8. An autonomous stratospheric unmanned airship, comprising: a spheroid rigid body of a constant volume derived from a geodesic frame formed from struts mutually connected with connectors and with a derived outer envelope enclosing the entire frame; a propulsion system fixed to the frame; a buoyancy control system integrated within the geodesic frame; a power system comprising batteries within the geodesic frame and of photovoltaic cells placed at the upper part of the envelope; a narrow-band and broadband communication system with corresponding antennas; and a control unit, wherein: the propulsion system of the airship comprises two or more identical and independently controlled propulsion units placed in a horizontal plane passing through a center of mass of the airship calculated for a specific operating altitude where swivel frames of the propulsion units are placed in a way to have points of their connections with an electromotor servo drive on the frame forming tips of a regular polygon in the horizontal plane passing through a center of mass; the buoyancy control system of the airship comprising: one or more pressurized tanks with buoyant fluid placed at a subsystem support surface lowering the center of mass of the airship towards the subsystem support surface, one or more valves for releasing the buoyant fluid through a fluid conduit into the buoyant gas cell which by expanding fills out geodesic frame; and one or more atmospheric valves placed at the subsystem support surface enabling the rest of the geodesic frame's volume to be filled with ambient atmosphere. 9. The autonomous stratospheric unmanned airship of claim 8, wherein each independently controllable propulsion unit comprises an electromotor drive with a propeller whose rotating speed defines the value of the vector of the thrust, protected with a nacelle, where said drive is placed at the swivel frame whose rotation around its longitudinal axis controls the angle of the drive through the use of the outer electromotor servo drive set on a frame, controlling the direction of the thrust vector. 10. The autonomous stratospheric unmanned airship of claim 8, wherein a buoyancy fluid conduit placed vertically inside the buoyant cell, axisimmetrically from the subsystem support surface till close to the top of the geodesic frame, while a flexible buoyant cell is additionally fixed to the said top of the geodesic frame above the buoyant fluid conduit and additionally to a fixing point done around the fluid conduit in a way that it is completely enclosed by the buoyant gas cell; enabling uniform expansion and contraction of the buoyant gas cell inside the geodesic frame. 11. The autonomous stratospheric unmanned airship of claim 8, wherein the number of the propulsion units being equal to, or larger than, four; and where independence of control of any propulsion unit increases the operational reliability of the airship during the eventual malfunction of one of the propulsion units. 12. The autonomous stratospheric unmanned airship of claim 8, wherein the spheroid geodesic frame constructed from struts defining a spectrum of the airship's eigenfrequencies in the frequency range above 20 Hz, with the vibrational amplitudes between 0.1 and 1 cm at the subsystem support base which are dampened with: elastic foam sheets, spring suspensions or with lightweight shock-absorbers, while using the measurement equipment susceptible to the said vibrational spectrum. 13. The autonomous stratospheric unmanned airship of claim 8, wherein the operating altitude is from five to twenty-two kilometers and the operational cycle is measured in months. 14. The autonomous stratospheric unmanned airship of claim 8, wherein having a payload placed at the subsystem support platform, and wherein the payload can be any of the following: a. Surveillance equipment comprised from optical and thermal cameras, communication monitoring devices, radar or lidar; b. Scientific optical and thermal cameras, spectrometers, photometers, interferometers and anemometers; and c. Test and measurement equipment for testing of technologies which must be able to operate in space-like conditions. 