The invention relates to an electrical spring clamping means for an electrical connection device (1), in particular a connection device (1) for a photovoltaic solar module (4), with an electrical contact section (111, 511) and a clamping spring (120, 520) which cooperates therewith, wherein the clamping spring (120, 520) in its open position (O) is arranged under mechanical pre-stress on/in the electrical spring clamping means (100), and an electrical contact tongue (415) of an electrical mating contact element (412) can be pressed against the electrical contact section (111, 511) by means of the clamping spring (120, 520), in the closed position (S) thereof. Further, the invention relates to an electrical lead frame or an electrical conductor bar for an electrical connection device (1), in particular a connection device (1) for a photovoltaic solar module (4), with an electrical spring clamping means (100) according to the invention, with a contact cage (110) of the electrical spring clamping means (100) being a constituent of the lead frame (150) or of the conductor bar (170) and the lead frame (150) or the conductor bar (170) optionally being encapsulated. Furthermore, the invention relates to an electrical connection device, in particular a connection device (1) for a photovoltaic solar module (4), with a electrical spring clamping means (100) according to the invention or with an electrical lead frame (150) according to the invention or an electrical conductor bar (170) according to the invention.
Claims 1-19. (canceled) 20. An electrical spring clamping means for an electrical connection device, in particular a connection device for a photovoltaic solar module, with an electrical contact section and a clamping spring which cooperates therewith, with the clamping spring in its open position being arranged under mechanical pre-stress on/in the electrical spring clamping means, and an electrical contact tongue of an electrical mating contact element being able to be pressed against the electrical contact section by means of the clamping spring, in the closed position thereof. 21. An electrical spring clamping means according to claim 20, with, in the open position of the clamping spring, a contact space being formed between the clamping spring and the electrical contact section, in which the electrical contact tongue of the electrical mating contact element can be provided substantially free of force, and in the closed position of the clamping spring, the electrical contact tongue can be clamped preferably directly between the clamping spring and the electrical contact section. 22. An electrical spring clamping means according to claim 20, the electrical contact section being formed on a tab, an angled contact or a contact cage or a contact pan, and the tab, the angled contact or the contact cage being connected in one piece, in particular in one piece in terms of material, to a lead frame or a conductor bar, or the tab, the angled contact or the contact cage being formed as a soldered part, in particular as an SMD soldered part. 23. An electrical spring clamping means according to claim 20, the electrical contact section being formed or provided on a contact cage of the spring clamping means, and the clamping spring likewise being fastened to the contact cage, and a completely functionally efficient electrical spring clamping means having the contact cage and the clamping spring. 24. An electrical spring clamping means according to claim 20, the clamping spring within the contact cage or in the contact cage being bent over at least by approximately 90.degree., in particular at least by approximately 180.degree., or preferably by approximately 270.degree. in its longitudinal direction, the clamping spring substantially having a form in its lateral cross-section which, at least in regions, approaches that of a triangle, an oval or a circle, or is composed of sections thereof. 25. An electrical spring clamping means according to claim 20, the spring clamping means being designed such that in its open position and/or in its closed position it is force-locking in itself such that it does not transmit any forces out of itself outwards onto a mounting base, such as in particular a printed circuit board, an electrical lead frame or a conductor bar. 26. An electrical spring clamping means according to claim 20, the contact cage having substantially the form of a pan, and the electrical contact section being formed internally on a first side wall of the contact cage, and the clamping spring being fixed on a top wall or a second side wall of the contact cage, and the clamping spring, preferably starting from its fastening to the contact cage, extending inwards into the contact cage and in the direction of the electrical contact section, and substantially at one level of the electrical contact section having a clamping section by means of which the electrical contact tongue of the mating contact element can be pressed against the electrical contact section. 27. An electrical spring clamping means according to claim 20, an attached longitudinal end section of the clamping spring being fastened to the contact cage, and a free longitudinal end section of the clamping spring protruding beyond the second side wall of the contact cage, the clamping section of the clamping spring preferably being formed between the attached longitudinal end section and the free longitudinal end section, in particular as a bent section, and preferably the attached longitudinal end section and the free longitudinal end section being substantially perpendicular to each other. 28. An electrical spring clamping means according to claim 20, the clamping spring being bent such that the free longitudinal end section of the clamping spring projects through the second side wall of the contact cage or protrudes somewhat therefrom, and in the open position of the clamping tongue the locking tab engaging in the locking recess, and for the closed position of the clamping tongue the free longitudinal end section being preferably formed such that the locking tab is seated on the free longitudinal end section. 29. An electrical spring clamping means according to claim 20, the contact cage of the spring clamping means being formed as a component suitable for a printed circuit board, in particular as an SMD-capable component, with on a free longitudinal end of the first side wall of the contact cage and/or of the second side wall of the contact cage, preferably at least one electrical contact tab which protrudes away, in particular which protrudes away laterally, therefrom being provided, which can be soldered to the printed circuit board. 30. An electrical spring clamping means according to claim 20, the contact cage (510) having substantially the form of a pan, and the electrical contact section being formed internally on a front wall of the contact cage, and the clamping spring being fixed on a first and/or a second lateral wall of the contact cage, with the two lateral walls of the contact cage preferably protruding substantially perpendicularly away from the front wall and receiving the clamping spring between them, and the clamping spring having, substantially at the level of the electrical contact section, a clamping section, by means of which the electrical contact tongue of the mating contact element can be pressed against the electrical contact section. 31. An electrical spring clamping means according to claim 20, an attached longitudinal end section of the clamping spring being fastened to the contact cage, and a free longitudinal end section of the clamping spring protruding, preferably beyond the two lateral walls, on an open side of the contact cage, with the clamping section of the clamping spring preferably being formed between the attached longitudinal end section and the free longitudinal end section, in particular as a bent section, and preferably the attached longitudinal end section and the free longitudinal end section being substantially perpendicular to each other, and preferably in the open position of the clamping tongue the locking tab engaging in the locking recess, and for the closed position of the clamping tongue the free longitudinal end section being in particular formed such that the locking tab is seated on the free longitudinal end section. 32. An electrical spring clamping means according to claim 20, the attached longitudinal end section of the clamping spring having a tab which is seated in a recess of the contact cage, and the contact cage preferably having a folded edge on the recess which locks the tab in the recess, and the attached longitudinal end section of the clamping spring preferably having a bead for reinforcing the attached longitudinal end section. 33. An electrical spring clamping means according to claim 20, the clamping spring, at least in the region of its clamping section, having at least one longitudinal slot which extends in its longitudinal direction and is preferably formed as a through-slot, the longitudinal slot in question extending away from the clamping section in both longitudinal directions of the clamping spring in the direction of the free longitudinal end section and of the attached longitudinal end section of the clamping spring. 34. An electrical spring clamping means according to claim 20, the longitudinal slot in question beginning adjacent to or on the attached longitudinal end section of the clamping spring, extending across the clamping section and ending adjacent to the locking recess in the clamping spring, the longitudinal slot in question being provided in a bent-over section of the clamping spring which extends over at least approximately 90.degree., in particular over at least approximately 180.degree., preferably over at least approximately 195.degree., particularly preferably over approximately 210.degree. or in particular particularly preferably over approximately 225.degree.. 35. An electrical spring clamping means according to claim 20, the attached longitudinal end section of the clamping spring having a locking tab which protrudes or protrudes away from or on the contact cage, which tab can be engaged in a locking recess of the free longitudinal end section of the clamping spring, and the locking tab and the locking recess or the attached longitudinal end section and the free longitudinal end section being positioned and of such dimensions that in an engaged state of the locking tab in the locking recess the open position of the clamping tongue is realised. 36. An electrical spring clamping means according to claim 20, the free longitudinal end section of the clamping spring, in the direction of its free end, adjacent to the locking recess, having a tool recess, into which in the closed position of the clamping tongue a tool can be inserted, by means of which tool the clamping tongue can be brought back into its open position. 37. An electrical lead frame or electrical conductor bar for an electrical connection device, in particular a connection device for a photovoltaic solar module, with an electrical spring clamping means according to claim 20, with a contact cage of the electrical spring clamping means being a constituent of the lead frame or of the conductor bar and the lead frame or the conductor bar optionally being encapsulated. 38. An electrical connection device, in particular connection device for a photovoltaic solar module, with an electrical spring clamping means according to claim 20, or with an electrical lead frame or an electrical conductor bar according to claim 37. 