A transport refrigeration system, comprising: a compressor (22); a first electric motor (26) that provides a motive force to the compressor; at least one fan (52, 56, 82, 84, 86); a second electric fan motor (54, 56, 88, 90, 92) that provides a motive force to the fan; a solar PV electrical power source (220); an electric energy power source (230); a engine driven generator electrical power source (210); and a power management controller (40) coupled to route power selectively and concurrently from two of the electrical power sources (210, 220, 230) to provide electrical power to the first motor (26) and the second motor (54, 56, 88, 90, 92).
Claims 1. A transport refrigeration system, comprising: a compressor; a first electric motor that provides a motive force to the compressor; at least one fan; a second electric fan motor that provides a motive force to the fan; a solar PV electrical power source; an electric energy power source; a engine driven generator electrical power source; and a power management controller coupled to route power selectively and concurrently from two of the electrical power sources to provide electrical power to the first motor and the second motor. 2. The transport refrigeration system of claim 1, wherein the received power is provided responsive to a dynamic load of the transport refrigeration system. 3. The transport refrigeration system of claim 2, wherein the dynamic load comprises a single phase AC load, a three phase AC load or any DC load. 4. The transport refrigeration system of claim 2, where the power management controller comprises: a DC/DC converter connected to the solar PV electrical power source and the electric energy power source; a DC power bus connected between the DC/DC converter and at least one DC fan motor; an AC power bus connected between the engine driven generator electrical power source and the first electric motor. 5. The transport refrigeration system of claim 2, where the power management controller comprises: an AC power bus to connect the engine driven generator electrical power source to the first electric motor and the second electric fan motor; a first control circuit connected to control the generator electrical power source; a first DC/AC converter connected to the solar PV electrical power source and the AC power bus; a second control circuit connected to control the solar PV electrical power source; a second DC/AC converter connected to the energy storage electrical power source and the AC power bus; and a third control circuit connected to control the energy storage electrical power source. 6. The transport refrigeration system of claim 2, where the power management controller comprises: an AC power bus to connect the power management controller to the first electric motor and the second electric fan motor; a first control circuit connected to control start-up and shut-down for an engine connected to provide motive force to the generator electrical power source; where the power management controller is directly connected to receive electrical energy from the generator electrical power source, the solar PV electrical power source, and the electric energy power source; and where the power management controller is configured to control peak power monitoring of the solar PV electrical power source. 7. The system of claim 1, including a condenser fan assembly having at least one fan motor and an evaporator fan assembly having at least one fan motor and wherein the power management controller routes electrical power to the condenser fan assembly and the evaporator fan assembly. 8. The transport refrigeration system of claim 1, wherein the power management controller provides peak-power tracking of the solar PV system. 9. The transport refrigeration system of claim 1, wherein the power management controller transitions between the solar PV system, the electric energy power source and the generator to provide temperature control for a container. 