A reflector (e.g., mirror) for use in a solar collector or the like is provided. In certain example embodiments of this invention, a reflector is made by (a) forming reflective coating on a thin substantially flat glass substrate (the thin glass substrate may or may not be pre-bent prior to the coating being applied thereto), (b) optionally, if the glass substrate in (a) was not prebent, then cold-bending the glass substrate with the reflective coating thereon; and (c) applying a plate or frame member to the thin bent glass substrate with the coating thereon from (a) and/or (b), the plate or frame member (which may be another thicker pre-bent glass sheet, for example) for maintaining the thin glass substrate and coating thereon in a desired bent orientation in a final product which may be used as parabolic trough or dish type reflector in a concentrating solar power apparatus or the like.
Claims 1-41. (canceled) 42. A concentrating solar power apparatus including at least one mirror, the concentrating solar power apparatus comprising: a bent laminate mirror comprising a first glass substrate, a second glass substrate, and a mirror coating formed on the second glass substrate, the first glass substrate being thicker than the second glass substrate, the second glass substrate being laminated to the first glass substrate with at least one adhesive layer so that the adhesive layer and the mirror coating are both located between the first and second glass substrates; wherein the mirror coating is removed from at least one peripheral edge of the second glass substrate, wherein the adhesive layer directly contacts both the first and second glass substrates in areas proximate the at least one peripheral edge from which the mirror coating is removed; wherein the bent laminate mirror is substantially parabolic in shape and has a solar reflectance of at least 90%; wherein the adhesive layer comprises a polymer inclusive adhesive layer; and wherein the mirror coating comprises a nucleation layer comprising at least one of tin and palladium adjacent the second glass substrate, a reflective layer, and a passivation layer, wherein the passivation layer is in direct contact with the polymer inclusive adhesive layer of the laminate mirror, and wherein the passivation layer comprises one or more of copper, tin oxide, and/or silane(s). 43. The concentrating solar power apparatus of claim 42, wherein the second glass substrate has a thickness of at least 0.2 mm less than a thickness of the first glass substrate. 44. The apparatus of claim 42, wherein the second glass substrate has a lower total iron content than does the first glass substrate. 45. The apparatus of claim 42, further comprising a plurality of mounting pads adhered to a surface of the first glass substrate opposite the surface closest to the adhesive layer, the mounting pads used in mounting the mirror laminate to a supporting structure of the concentrating solar power apparatus. 46. The apparatus of claim 45, wherein at least one of the mounting pads comprises glass-filled plastic. 