An inverter for feeding a grid-compatible AC voltage into a grid is described, wherein the inverter includes an inverter bridge for converting a DC voltage to a first AC voltage and a grid interface between the inverter bridge and the grid for converting the first AC voltage to the grid-compatible AC voltage for feeding into the grid. An AC interface via which an AC module for feeding into the grid can be connected, is arranged between the inverter bridge and the grid interface.
Claims 1. An inverter for feeding a grid-compatible AC voltage into a grid, comprising: an inverter bridge configured to convert a DC voltage to a first AC voltage; a grid interface between the inverter bridge and an inverter output configured to couple to the grid, wherein the grid interface is configured to convert the first AC voltage to the grid-compatible AC voltage for feeding into the grid; and an AC interface arranged between the inverter bridge and the grid interface, and configured to be coupled to one or more AC modules for feeding into the grid. 2. The inverter according to claim 1, wherein the grid interface comprises one or more switch disconnectors configured to selectively disconnect the inverter from the inverter output and/or connect the inverter output to the grid. 3. The inverter according to claim 2, wherein the switch disconnectors are operated dependent on a state of the grid when coupled to the inverter output. 4. The inverter according to claim 3, wherein the state of the grid concerns a voltage and/or a frequency of an electrical current within the grid and/or an islanding condition. 5. The inverter according to claim 1, wherein the grid interface comprises a filter device. 6. The inverter according to claim 1, wherein the grid interface comprises a safety device. 7. The inverter according to claim 1, further comprising a disconnecting device arranged between the AC interface and a connecting area configured to connect the AC modules to the inverter. 8. The inverter according to claim 1, wherein the inverter comprises one or more measurement points configured to measure a current value associated with the inverter bridge and a current value associated with the AC interface. 9. The inverter according to claim 1, wherein a maximum power to be fed thereto via the AC interface is less than a maximum power to be fed thereto via the inverter bridge. 10. The inverter according to claim 1, wherein the inverter bridge is configured to provide reactive power. 11. The inverter according to claim 1, wherein the inverter bridge is configured to provide a three-phase AC voltage. 12. The inverter bridge according to claim 11, wherein the AC interface is configured to distribute a power fed by the AC modules when coupled to the AC interface among the phases of the AC voltage. 13. The inverter according to claim 1, wherein the inverter further comprises a communication unit configured to exchange data with AC modules when coupled to the AC interface. 14. The inverter according to claim 13, wherein the communication unit is configured to exchange data via lines of the AC interface. 15. The inverter according to claim 13, wherein the communication unit is configured to exchange data with the AC modules in a wireless fashion. 16. The inverter according to claim 13, wherein the communication unit is configured to exchange data for one of the following purposes: remote control or remote diagnostics of connected AC modules; storage or transmission of measured values, breakdown or failures of connected AC modules; transmission of control signals to connected AC modules; and display of data of connected AC modules (50) on a display unit of the inverter. 17. A photovoltaic system having an inverter for feeding a grid-compatible AC voltage into a grid, comprising: an inverter bridge configured to convert a DC voltage to a first AC voltage; a grid interface between the inverter bridge and an inverter output configured to couple to the grid, wherein the grid interface is configured to convert the first AC voltage to the grid-compatible AC voltage for feeding into the grid; and an AC interface arranged between the inverter bridge and the grid interface, and configured to be coupled to one or more AC modules for feeding into the grid. 