A flexible mobile or stationary automated plant growth and display system having a plurality of inter-connected removable or non-removable growing trays. It can be sized as needed and operates in a single or multiple modes using a pump, controller, and mixer that distribute plant nutrients via hydroponic and/or aeroponic water lines to grow chambers using one or more growth methods. It houses a storage area, dual hose bib for external use and a quick access door or lid for the addition of plant nutrients or servicing of pump if submerged. Fluid is recycled from the grow trays through a filter to the plant solution reservoir. The system is equipped with wheels for mobility and anchors for secure and safe operation. It can be mounted on, attached to vehicle or other device, or constructed as part of a vehicle or other device and operated indoors and outdoors.
Claims 1. A mobile automatic plant growth system that is capable of utilizing one or more grow methods and, comprising the following: a. A water and plant nutrient reservoir from which liquid is pumped; b. Frame of durable construction for housing and support of components such as grow trays and solution tubings; c. A pump for pumping or circulating water and/or plant nutrients; d. Solenoid valves to control the flow of plant nutrient solution or water; e. High level actuator and off level switches; f. A reservoir access door; g. A mixer to mix tank/reservoir components as necessary ; h. A control panel which controls automatic, single or multimodal operation of the system and is connected to external power of various sources such as solar or utility; i. Non-removable Grow trays of durable material which are attached to the frame and may be of molded construction and may be used with plant container inserts; j. Removable grow trays made of durable or renewable material that may be used with plant container inserts; k. A plurality of water lines and water line apertures inclusive of or excluding varied end fittings for distribution of plant nutrients; l. Optional closed/capped ends for hydroponic operation; m. Drain pipe(s) extending from growing trays to the system drain or return filter; n. A tray drain for external discharge as necessary; o. A filter between discharge piping from growing trays and water/nutrient reservoir to facilitate recycling; p. An external storage area; q. Dual hose bib for filling liquid reservoir and for external application; r. Wheels to mobilize the system; s. Mounting brackets or anchors for stabilization or security of unit. t. Illuminator or grow lights. u. Optional analytics for monitoring level of organic/inorganic organism in nutrient solution. v. Optional automatic nutrient dispenser. w. Connection to any suitable power source and energy efficient components. 2. A mobile automatic plant growth system of claim 1 wherein self-contained system is equipped with wheels and can be operated indoors or outdoors. 3. A mobile automatic plant growth system of claim 1 that allows flexible applications wherein the system can be operated in one or more modes and is equipped with hydroponic and/or aeroponic water lines/tubing. 4. A mobile automatic plant growth system of claim 1 that has attached convenient water valve, hose or nozzle for external applications; 5. A mobile automatic plant growth system of claim 1 wherein the system contains anchors or mounting brackets to stabilize or secure unit; 6. A mobile automatic plant growth system of claim 1 wherein system uses removable grow trays made of renewable material such as bamboo; 7. A mobile automatic plant growth system of claim 1 wherein system is equipped with a storage area. 8. A mobile automatic plant growth system of claim 1 that can be operated manually or as a container garden where plants are grown hydroponically or with soil/aggregate material. 9. A mobile automatic plant growth system of claim 1 wherein optional grow lights are positioned on the unit to aid growth and minimize the costs of illuminating an entire room. 10. A mobile automatic plant growth system of claim 1 wherein the system is used for growth and/or display; 11. A mobile automatic plant growth system of claim 1 wherein the system can be expanded by stacking additional frame, trays, solution pipes/tubing, and possibly increasing the pump size. 