A turn signal system for a bicycle comprises a left and right front and rear turn signal and a rear alert signal that has multi-mode operation. The system is battery powered and can be adapted to an electric bicycle having a variety of power voltages. The system includes a controller and a multi-axis accelerometer to actuate the alert signal in the event of sudden deceleration.
Claims 1. A signal light system for a bicycle, said signal light system comprising: a. a front left signal light assembly integrated into a first housing; b. a front right signal light assembly integrated into a second housing; c. said first housing and said second housing electrically connected to a rear signal light assembly integrated into a third housing; d. said third housing containing a power source connected to said front left signal light assembly, said front right signal light assembly and said rear signal light assembly, a first control board for controlling the signal light system and external power connections connected to said power source. 2. The signal light system of claim 1 wherein each of the left signal light assembly and the right signal light assembly comprise the following: a. a signal light housing; and, b. a mounting bracket assembly for attachment of said signal housing to a bicycle handle bar. 3. The signal light system of claim 2 wherein said signal light housing comprises the following: a. an opaque top section for mounting a push button assembly for on/off operation fixed to; and, b. a translucent bottom section comprising a knurled translucent lens portion and a transparent bottom surface. 4. The signal light system of claim 3 wherein said push button assembly comprises a push button and an elastomer cover mounted over said push button. 5. The signal light system of claim 4 wherein the push button is mounted to a top surface of a second control board and a signal light is mounted to a bottom surface of said second control board. 6. The signal light system of claim 5 wherein said mounting bracket comprises: a. a top portion integrated with said opaque top section and comprising a first hemispherical arc; b. an adjustment portion integrated with said translucent bottom section; and, c. an independent bottom portion comprising a second hemispherical arc. 7. The signal light system of claim 6 wherein said adjustment portion comprises a gap disposed between the translucent bottom section and said independent bottom portion for sliding adjustment of the signal light housing. 8. The signal light system of claim 7 wherein said top portion and the independent bottom portion are fixed together so that said first and said second hemispherical arcs are mounted around a handle bar. 9. The signal light system of claim 8 wherein said second control board controls a frequency of flashing of said signal light and a duration of operation. 10. The signal light system of claim 9 wherein the third housing comprises a body comprising a battery compartment for enclosing a battery and a mount for mounting the second control board. 11. The signal light system of claim 10 wherein said battery compartment comprises a platform for seating said batter and a snap-sealing top cover. 12. The signal light system of claim 11 wherein said battery comprises a one of battery container for holding at least one battery cell and a lithium-ion battery pack. 13. The signal light system of claim 12 wherein the battery is re-chargeable by at least one of a solar cell mounted to said snap-sealing top cover, a second solar cell mounted to said bicycle and an AC power source. 14. The signal light system of claim 13 wherein the battery is augmented by an external battery mounted to the bicycle. 15. The signal light system of claim 14 wherein the first control board comprises a plurality of LEDs mounted thereto. 16. The signal light system of claim 15 wherein a third control board is mounted perpendicular to a left side end of the first control board and wherein a fourth control board is mounted perpendicular to a right side end of the first control board. 17. The signal light system of claim 16 wherein said third and said fourth control boards mount at least one LED for a left rear and right rear turn signal respectively. 18. The signal light system of claim 17 wherein the first control board mounts at least three LEDs, and wherein a first of said three LEDs is a continuously illuminated running light, and wherein said second LED and said third LED of said three LEDs operate upon receiving a command from a multi-axis accelerometer mounted to the second control board. 19. The signal light system of claim 18 wherein said multi-axis accelerometer detects bicycle deceleration during a braking manoeuver and subsequently signals the at least three LEDs to illuminate as a brake light. 20. The signal light system of claim 19 wherein the first control board further mounts a controller for controlling the following system functions: power on, power off, timers, four way flashing relays, flashing timers, power supply and power management. 