A photovoltaic module assembly can comprise a photovoltaic cell; a transparent first layer comprising a plastic material, wherein the first layer has a first layer first surface and a first layer second surface; a second layer, wherein the second layer has a second layer first surface and a second layer second surface, wherein the photovoltaic cell is between the first layer second surface and the second layer first surface; and a cured layer between the first layer second surface and the second layer first surface, wherein the cured layer is a liquid having a viscosity of less than or equal to 1,500 centipoise before curing.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic module assembly, comprising: a photovoltaic cell; a transparent first layer comprising a plastic material, wherein the first layer has a first layer first surface and a first layer second surface; a second layer, wherein the second layer has a second layer first surface and a second layer second surface, wherein the photovoltaic cell is between the first layer second surface and the second layer first surface; and a cured layer between the first layer second surface and the second layer first surface, wherein the cured layer is a fluid having a viscosity of less than or equal to 1,500 centipoise before curing. 2. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 1, further comprising a connecting layer disposed between and in physical contact with the first layer second surface and the second layer first surface, wherein the connecting layer forms a gap between the first layer first surface and the second layer second surface. 3. A photovoltaic module assembly, comprising: a photovoltaic cell; a transparent first layer comprising a plastic material, wherein the first layer has a first layer first surface and a first layer second surface; a second layer comprising a plastic material, wherein the second layer has a second layer first surface and a second layer second surface, wherein the photovoltaic cell is between the first layer second surface and the second layer first surface; a connecting layer disposed between the first layer second surface and the second layer first surface, wherein the connecting layer forms a gap between the first layer first surface and the second layer second surface, wherein the photovoltaic cell is in the connecting layer; and a cured layer in the gap, between the first layer and the photovoltaic cell. 4. The photovoltaic module assembly of any of claims 3, wherein the cured layer comprises a room temperature vulcanize filling. 5. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 4, wherein the room temperature vulcanize filling comprises a silicone room temperature vulcanize and/or a silicone thermoset elastomer. 6. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 3, wherein the cured layer is a fluid having a viscosity of less than or equal to 1,500 centipoise before curing. 7. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 3, further comprising a coating disposed on the first layer first surface and/or on the second layer second surface, wherein the coating comprises a silicone hard coat, a plasma coating, and combinations comprising at least one of the foregoing. 8. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 3, wherein the first layer and/or the second layer comprises polycarbonate. 9. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 3, wherein the second layer comprises a multiwall sheet. 10. A method of making a photovoltaic module assembly, comprising: disposing a photovoltaic cell between a first layer having a first layer first surface and a first layer second surface and a second layer having a second layer first surface and a second layer second surface, wherein the first layer is transparent and comprises a plastic material and wherein the second layer comprises a plastic material; and inserting a liquid filling between the first layer and the second layer, wherein the liquid filling has a viscosity of less than or equal to 1,500 centipoise before curing; and curing the liquid filling. 11. The method of claim 10, further comprising attaching the first layer to the second layer with a connecting layer forming a gap therebetween, wherein the connecting layer is disposed between and in physical contact with the first layer second surface and the second layer first surface. 12. The method of claim 10, wherein the liquid filling comprises a room temperature vulcanize filling. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the liquid filling comprises a silicone room temperature vulcanize. 14. The method of claim 10, wherein the first layer comprises a filling opening. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the first layer comprises an outgassing opening. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising closing the filling opening and/or the outgassing opening after the liquid filling is inserted. 17. The method of claim 10, further comprising embedding electrical components of the photovoltaic cell into the connecting layer before the liquid filling is inserted. 18. A photovoltaic module assembly, comprising: a photovoltaic cell; a transparent first layer comprising a first layer plastic material; a second layer comprising a second layer plastic material, wherein the photovoltaic cell is between the first layer and the second layer; and a fluid layer between the first layer and the photovoltaic cell, wherein the fluid layer has a viscosity of 0 to 1,000 centipoise. 19. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 18, wherein the fluid layer comprises silicon oil. 20. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 18, further comprising a coating disposed on the first layer and/or on the second layer, wherein the coating comprises a silicon hard coat, a plasma coating, and combinations comprising at least one of the foregoing. 21. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 18, wherein the first layer and/or the second layer comprise polycarbonate. 22. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 21, wherein the second layer comprises a blend of polyphenylene ether and polystyrene. 23. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 18, wherein the refractive index of the first layer is within 15% of the refractive index of the fluid layer. 24. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 18, wherein the assembly has a total weight of 5 to 10 kilograms per square meter. 25. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 18, further comprising a junction box, controllers, cables, and a micro-inverter in the second layer. 26. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 18, wherein the photovoltaic cells are adhered to the second layer by a support selected from the group consisting of silicon gel pads, integrated support studs molded on the second layer, and combinations comprising at least one of the foregoing. 27. The photovoltaic module assembly of claim 18, further comprising a second fluid layer between the second layer and the photovoltaic cell. 28. A method of making a photovoltaic module assembly, comprising: disposing a photovoltaic cell between a first layer and a second layer, wherein the first layer is transparent and comprises a plastic material and wherein the second layer comprises a plastic material; and disposing a fluid layer between the first layer and the photovoltaic cell, wherein the fluid layer has a viscosity of 0 to 1,000 centipoise. 29. The method of claim 28, wherein the fluid layer comprises silicon oil. 30. The method of claim 28, further comprising incorporating a junction box, controllers, cables, and a micro-inverter in the second layer. 