An aircraft wing has a plurality of wing segments mounted on a wing spar by joints that allow relative movement between the spar and the wing segments. Tuning of coefficients of thermal expansion is employed to reduce induced stresses from changes in temperature.
Claims 1. An aircraft wing, comprising: an elongate wing spar that may flex during flight; a plurality of wing segments supported on the spar; and joints between each of the wing segments and the spar for allowing movement of the wing segments relative to the spar. 2. The aircraft wing of claim 1, wherein each of the joints includes a pivotal connection allowing the wing segment to pivot on the spar. 3. The aircraft wing of claim 2, wherein each of the pivotal connections has a pivot axis extending substantially orthogonal to the longitudinal axis of the spar. 4. The aircraft wing of claim 2, wherein at least certain of the pivotal connections include a pivoting link between the spar and the wing segment allowing the wing segment to move relative to at least a portion the spar along the longitudinal axis of the spar. 5. The aircraft wing of claim 1, wherein the joints include: a first pair of spaced apart pivotal connections forward of the wing spar; and a second pair of pivotal connections aft of the wing spar. 6. The aircraft wing of claim 1, wherein: each of the wing segments includes a pair of spaced apart ribs; and the joints include pivotal connections between the ribs and the wing spar. 7. The aircraft wing of claim 1, further comprising: a solar panel on at least certain of the wing segments for collecting solar energy; and wherein the joints include pivotal connections that substantially isolate the solar panel from bending loads resulting from vertical deflection of the wing spar during flight. 8. The aircraft wing of claim 1, wherein the wing segments are spaced apart along the length of the spar to form gaps between the wing segments, and the wing further comprises: aerodynamically shaped covers respectively covering the gaps. 9. The aircraft wing of claim 8, further comprising: a stretchable membrane beneath each of the covers and spanning the gap for preventing air from passing through the gap. 10. The aircraft wing of claim 1, wherein each of the wing segments includes: a wing skin having integral stiffening; and a solar panel attached to the wing skin. 11. The aircraft wing of claim 1, wherein: each of the wing segments includes a single wing rib approximately in the middle of the wing segment in the span-wise direction of the wing, the single wing rib being fixedly attached to the spar and forming the sole support between the wing segment and the spar. 12. A method of reducing loads on an aircraft wing, comprising: segmenting the wing into a plurality of separate wing segments; and mounting each of the wing segments on a wing spar for movement relative to the wing spar. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein mounting each of the wing segments on the spar includes pivotally attaching ribs of the wing segments to the spar. 14. The method of claim 12, wherein pivotally mounting each of the wing segments includes connecting each of the wing segments to the spar using pivotal links allowing the spar to move along its longitudinal axis relative to the wing segment. 15. The method of claim 12, further comprising: mounting solar panels on at least certain of the wing segments; and substantially isolating the solar panels from bending loads applied to the spar by pivoting the wing segments on the spar as the spar flexes in response to the loads. 16. An aircraft wing, comprising: a wing spar that may flex; a plurality of separate wing segments each having an outer wing skin, the wing segments being mounted on the spar for movement relative to the spar and spaced apart to form variable gaps between the wing segments; and a cover extending between adjacent ones of the wing segments and covering the variable gap between the adjacent wing segments. 17. The aircraft wing of claim 16, wherein the cover includes an elastic membrane attached to the outer skin of the adjacent wing segments. 18. The aircraft wing of claim 17, wherein the elastic membrane is sealed to the skin and form a substantially air-tight cover over the gap. 19. The aircraft wing of claim 16, wherein the cover includes: a wiper secured to one of the adjacent wing segments and slidably engaging the other of the adjacent wing segments. 20. The aircraft wing of claim 16, further comprising: an elastic membrane located beneath the cover and extending across the gap between adjacent ones of the wing segments, the elastic membrane forming an enclosure between the adjacent wing segments. 21. The aircraft wing of claim 16, further comprising: a solar panel on each of the wing segments and wherein the cover includes a wiper secured to one of the adjacent panels, the wiper extending across the gaps between the adjacent panels and slidably engaging the solar panel on the adjacent wing segment. 22. The aircraft wing of claim 19, wherein: one of the adjacent wing segments includes a slot in a side thereof; and the wiper is secured to the other of the adjacent wing segments and includes a pair of spaced apart forks, one of the forks being biased against and slidably engaging the adjacent wing segment, the other of the forks being received within the slot of the adjacent wing segment. 23. The aircraft wing of claim 19, further comprising: a flexible membrane located beneath the wiper and sealed across the adjacent wing segments to form an enclosed volume within the wing. 24. The aircraft wing of claim 19, wherein the wiper has an aerodynamic shape encouraging substantially laminar airflow over the wing segment in the area of the gap. 25. An aircraft wing, comprising: a wing spar; at least one wing segment mounted on the spar and having an outer skin; a solar collection panel mounted on the skin for generating electricity using collected solar energy; and at least one electrically conductive, substantially rigid reinforcing member attached to the skin and extending in a span-wise direction of the wing for reinforcing the skin, the rigid reinforcing member being electrically coupled with the solar panel and conducting electricity generated by the solar panel. 26. The aircraft wing of claim 25, further comprising: a plurality of stringers formed integral with the skin and extending in the span-wise direction of the wing segment, each of the stringers including a blade having opposite ends and caps respectively on the opposite ends; and a plurality of the substantially rigid, electrically conductive reinforcing rods respectively located on at least one of the caps and extending in the span-wise direction. 27. The aircraft wing of claim 26, wherein: the rods include first and second sets thereof; and the first and second sets of rods are respectively located at the caps of the blades. 28. The aircraft wing of claim 27, wherein the rods include one of carbon fiber, glass fiber, aluminum and titanium. 29. The aircraft wing of claim 25, further comprising: a pair of spaced apart wing ribs extending a chord-wise direction of the wing segment for mounting the wing segment on the spar, each of the ribs including an electrically conductive portion electrically coupling the reinforcing member with the solar panel. 30. The aircraft wing of claim 26, further comprising: a plurality of the wing segments spaced apart to form gaps between the wing segments; and flexible electrical conductors extending across the gaps for coupling the electrically conductive reinforcing members of adjacent ones of the wing segments. 31. The aircraft wing of claim 25, further comprising: a wing spar; a plurality of the wing segments spaced from each other and mounted on the spar, each of the wing segments including an outer skin and a pair of spaced apart internal ribs having electrically conductive upper caps; a plurality of solar collection panels respectively mounted on the wing segments and respectively electrically coupled with the caps of the ribs; and electrical connections coupling the ribs together for manifolding the electricity generated by the solar panels. 32. The aircraft wing of claim 31, wherein the electrical connections for manifolding the electricity include electrical conductors that vary in gauge size along their lengths to carry increasing amounts of electricity along the length of the wing. 33. The aircraft wing of claim 31, wherein each of the ribs includes an electrically non-conductive lower cap. 34. The aircraft wing of claim 31, wherein: the spar is electrically conductive; and the conductive caps of the ribs are electrically coupled with the spar. 35. The aircraft wing of claim 31, wherein the electrically conductive caps of the ribs includes at least two materials having substantially different coefficients of thermal expansion, and in a proportion such that the combined coefficient of thermal expansion matches that of another element in the wing. 36. The aircraft wing of claim 31, wherein: the solar panels each have a positive and negative electrical lead; and the solar panels are arranged such that the positive electrical lead of each panel is isolated from the positive electrical lead of the adjacent panels. 37. An aircraft wing, comprising: a sandwich panel construction including an upper solar panel, at least one lower reinforcing layer and a core sandwiched between the solar panel and the lower reinforcing layer, wherein the coefficients of thermal expansion of the solar panel and the lower reinforcing layer are substantially matched with each other. 38. The aircraft wing of claim 37, wherein the solar panel includes a polymer substrate layer covered by a layer of copper. 39. The aircraft wing of claim 37, wherein the lower reinforcing layer includes at least one of titanium, carbon, and aluminum. 40. The aircraft wing of claim 37, wherein the lower reinforcing layer includes cables formed of at least two differing materials. 41. The aircraft wing of claim 40, wherein the lower reinforcing layer includes a third material encasing the wires. 42. The aircraft wing of claim 37, wherein the solar panel and the lower reinforcing layer are respectively bonded to the core by layers of an adhesive. 43. The aircraft wing of claim 37, wherein the solar panel includes a metal substrate layer covered by a layer of silicon. 44. A method of fabricating an aircraft wing, comprising: selecting a desired airfoil shape for the wing; forming a wing panel sandwich by laminating a wing skin between upper and lower reinforcement layers; and substantially the coefficients of thermal expansion (CTE's) of the upper and lower reinforcement layers based on the selected airfoil shape. 45. The method of claim 44, wherein selecting the airfoil shape includes determining the amount of wing panel deflection relative to the supporting ribs during flight caused by airloads and the environmental temperature. 46. The method of claim 44, wherein substantially matching the CTE's includes selecting a ratio of the CTE's of the upper and lower reinforcement layers. 47. The method of claim 44, wherein substantially matching the CTE's includes selecting material properties of the upper and lower reinforcement layers. 48. The method of claim 44, wherein substantially matching the CTE's includes selecting the thicknesses of the upper and lower reinforcement layers. 49. The method of claim 44, wherein forming the wing panel sandwich includes laminating a solar panel to the skin. 50. The method of claim 48, substantially matching the CTE's includes matching the CTE of the lower reinforcement layer to the CTE of the solar panel. 