A high efficiency, environmentally friendly system comprising a plurality of photovoltaic solar collecting panels (PV panels) is disclosed. The system comprises an outer frame to which a plurality of inner frames are mounted to which the plurality of PV panels are attached. To minimize shadowing by the outer frame upon one or more PV panels, at least one PV panel may extend beyond an endpoint of the main frame. The system also comprises an outer frame rotation actuator that rotates the outer frame and an inner frame rotation actuator that rotates the inner frames and the plurality of PV panels. The solar tracking array frames disclosed herein help to improve the quality of the environment by conserving a variety of energy resources (e.g., fossil fuels, hydroelectric energy, etc.) The solar tracking array frames disclosed herein also help to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, as solar tracking array frames do not produce carbon dioxide byproducts.
Claims 1. A dual axis solar tracking system comprising: a. a first array, comprising: i. a first plurality of photovoltaic solar collecting panels (PV panels) configured to receive solar radiation; ii. a first upper rail and a first lower rail extending substantially parallel to one another and between which the first plurality of PV panels are each rotatably mounted about X axes that are substantially parallel to one another, and substantially perpendicular to the first upper rail and the first lower rail, and configured to be substantially perpendicular to the solar radiation; wherein the first upper rail and the first lower rail each comprise substantially free and oppositely disposed ends and are not coupled to each other at their respective ends; b. a second array, comprising: i. a second plurality of PV panels configured to receive solar radiation; ii. a second upper rail and a second lower rail extending substantially parallel to one another and between which the second plurality of PV panels are each rotatably mounted about X axes that are substantially parallel to one another, and substantially perpendicular to the second upper rail and the second lower rail, and configured to be substantially perpendicular to the solar radiation; wherein the second upper rail and the second lower rail each comprise substantially free and oppositely disposed ends and are not coupled to each other at their respective ends; and c. at least one array connector coupling together adjacent ends of the first and second rails, to produce a ganged array comprising at least two connected arrays. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the array connector couples together ends of the first upper rail and the second upper rail. 3. The system of claim 2, further comprising at least one lower array connector coupling together adjacent ends of the first lower rail and the second lower rail. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the array connector comprises a rigid form. 5. The system of claim 1, further comprising a sun sensor and a controller that determines a position of the sun relative to the sun sensor and adjusts at least one of: an angle of the outer frame and an angle of the inner frame so that at least one PV panel is moved in response to the position of the sun. 6. The system of claim 1, further comprising a controller that determines a position of the sun via an algorithm and adjusts at least one of: an angle of the outer frame and an angle of the inner frame so that at least one PV panel is moved in response to the position of the sun. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein each PV panel in the plurality of PV panels is separated by a distance from neighboring PV panels sufficient to minimize shadowing by each PV panel by and upon the neighboring PV panels. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein each PV panel in the plurality of PV panels is separated by a distance from neighboring PV panels sufficient to prevent shadowing by each PV panel by and upon the neighboring PV panels during an interval that excludes a period after sunrise and a period before sunset. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein an azimuthal angle of a PV panel in the plurality of PV panels is backtracked in response to a shadow cast by the PV panel upon a neighboring PV panel. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein an azimuthal angle of a PV panel in the plurality of PV panels is backtracked in response to a time of day. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the PV panels in the first and second plurality of PV panels extends beyond the ends of the first upper and lower rails or the second upper and lower rails. 12. The system of claim 1, further comprising a vehicle canopy upon which the ganged array is configured, wherein the first and second plurality of PV panels are configured to shade a vehicle. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the vehicle canopy is a vehicle charge port comprising a charging system, whereby at least one vehicle may be charged by the charging system. 14. The system of claim 12, wherein the vehicle canopy comprises a battery whereby solar energy collected by the PV panels is stored in the battery. 15. The system of claim 1, further comprising a first actuator coupled to the first array and the second array and configured to rotate in unison the first plurality of PV panels about the X axes and the second plurality of PV panels about the X axes to provide solar tracking of the first and second plurality of PV panels on a daily basis. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the first upper and lower rails at least partially define a first outer frame, and the second upper and lower rails at least partially define a second outer frame, and further comprising a second actuator coupled to the first outer frame and the second outer frame and configured to rotate in unison the first plurality of PV panels and the second plurality of PV panels about a Y axis that is substantially perpendicular to the X axes to provide solar tracking of the first and second plurality of PV panels on a seasonal basis. 17. The system of claim 16, further comprising a portable box that holds the first upper rail and first lower rail and the second upper rail and second lower rail, the first and second plurality of PV panels, the first actuator, the second actuator, and a power supply during a transportation process and acts as a mounting surface after the transportation process. 18. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a first actuator configured to rotate the first and second plurality of PV panels about their respective X axes between an easterly-facing position and a westerly-facing position to track a position of the sun on a daily basis; a second actuator configured to rotate the first upper rail and the first lower rail and the second upper rail and the second lower rail and the first and second plurality of PV panels about the Y axis between a northerly-facing position and southerly-facing position to track the position of the sun on a seasonal basis; one or more sensors operable to provide a signal representative of the position of the sun; one or more sensors operable to provide a signal representative of shadowing on one or more of the PV panels; and a controller having a microprocessor and configured to: (a) operate in a first tracking mode to provide instructions to the first actuator to move the first and second plurality of PV panels from the easterly-facing position toward the westerly-facing position to track the position of the sun from morning to evening, and (b) operate in a first backtracking mode to override the first tracking mode and provide instructions to the first actuator to move the first and second plurality of PV panels away from the easterly-facing position or the westerly-facing position until the first and second plurality of PV panels are substantially free of shadowing. 19. The system of claim 18 wherein the controller is further configured to operate in a second tracking mode to provide instructions to the second actuator to move the first and second plurality of PV panels between the southerly-facing position and the northerly-facing position to seasonally track the position of the sun. 20. The system of claim 19 wherein the controller is further configured to operate in a second backtracking mode to override the second tracking mode and provide instructions to the second actuator to move the first and second plurality of PV panels away from the southerly-facing position or the northerly-facing position until the first and second plurality of PV panels are substantially free of shadowing. 21. The system of claim 1, further comprising a mobile vehicle, whereby the ganged array is configured thereon, whereby the ganged array is portable and mobile. 22. The system of claim 21, wherein the mobile vehicle is a trailer. 23. The system of claim 1, wherein the dual axis solar tracking system is modular, comprising detachably attachable array connectors. 