A multijunction solar cell including a window layer with a gradation in doping; an upper first solar subcell having a first band gap adjacent to the window layer; a second solar subcell adjacent to said first solar subcell; a first graded interlayer adjacent to said second solar subcell, said first graded interlayer having a third band gap greater than said second band gap; a third solar subcell adjacent to said first graded interlayer; a second interlayer adjacent to said third solar subcell, said second graded interlayer having a fifth band gap greater than said fourth band gap; a fourth solar subcell adjacent to said second graded interlayer, such that said fourth subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said third subcell.
Claims 1. A multijunction solar cell comprising: an upper first solar subcell having a first band gap, and a base region and an emitter region; a window layer disposed over the upper first solar subcell, the window layer having a increasing gradation in doping from the region in the window layer adjacent to the emitter region to the region in the window layer adjacent to the layer overlying the window layer; a second solar subcell adjacent to said first solar subcell and having a second band gap smaller than the first band gap and being lattice matched with the upper first solar subcell; a first graded interlayer adjacent to said second solar subcell; said first graded interlayer having a third band gap greater than said second band gap; a third solar subcell adjacent to said first graded interlayer and having a fourth band gap smaller than said third band gap and being lattice mismatched with the second solar subcell; a second graded interlayer adjacent to said third solar subcell; said second graded interlayer having a fifth band gap greater than said fourth band gap; and a fourth solar subcell adjacent to said second graded interlayer, said fourth subcell having a sixth band gap smaller than said fifth band gap such that said fourth subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said third subcell. 2. The multijunction solar cell of claim 1, wherein the gradation in doping in the window layer is a single step from 1.0.times.10.sup.16 per cubic centimeter in a region adjacent to the emitter region to 1.7.times.10.sup.17 per cubic centimeter in a region adjacent to the layer overlying the window layer. 3. The multijunction solar cell of claim 1, wherein the base of the upper first solar subcell is composed of GaInP and the emitter of the upper first solar subcell is composed of InGaP and the band gap of the base of the upper first solar subcell is equal to or greater than 1.91 eV. 4. The multijunction solar cell of claim 1, wherein the emitter of the upper first solar subcell is composed of a first region in which the doping is graded from 3.times.10.sup.18 to 1.times.10.sup.18 free carriers per cubic centimeter, and a second region directly disposed over the first region in which the doping is constant at 1.times.10.sup.17 free carriers per cubic centimeter. 5. The multijunction solar cell of claim 4, wherein the first region of the emitter of the upper first solar subcell is directly adjacent to a window layer. 6. The multijunction solar cell of claim 1, wherein the emitter of the upper first solar subcell has a thickness of 80 nm. 7. The multijunction solar cell of claim 1, further comprising a spacer layer between the emitter and the base of the upper first solar subcell. 8. The multijunction solar cell of claim 1, wherein the spacer layer between the emitter and the base of the upper first solar subcell is composed of unintentionally doped GaInP. 9. The multijunction solar cell of claim 1, wherein the base of the upper first solar subcell has a thickness of less than 700 nm. 10. The multijunction solar cell of claim 1, wherein the base of the upper first solar subcell has a thickness of 670 nm. 11. The multijunction solar cell of claim 1, wherein the emitter section of the upper first solar subcell has a first region in which the doping is graded, and a second region directly disposed over the first region in which the doping is constant. 12. The multijunction solar cell of claim 11, wherein the first region and the second region in the window layer have the same thickness. 13. The multijunction solar cell of claim 1, wherein the first graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the second subcell and less than or equal to that of the third subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the third subcell, and is compositionally graded to lattice match the second subcell on one side and the third subcell on the other side, and the second graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the third subcell and less than or equal to that of the bottom fourth subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the third subcell, and is compositionally graded to lattice match the third subcell on one side and the bottom fourth subcell on the other side. 14. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the first and second graded interlayers are composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.y Al.sub.1-yAs with 0<x<1, 0<y<1, and x and y selected such that the band gap of each interlayer remains constant throughout its thickness. 15. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 13, wherein the band gap of the first graded interlayer remains constant at 1.5 eV throughout the thickness of the first graded interlayer, and the band gap of the second graded interlayer remains constant at 1.1 eV throughout the thickness of the second graded interlayer. 16. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the upper subcell is composed of an InGaP emitter layer and an InGaP base layer, the second subcell is composed of GaInP emitter layer and a GaAs base layer, the third subcell is composed of a InGaAs emitter layer and a InGaAs base layer, the fourth subcell is composed of a InGaAs emitter layer and a InGaAs base layer. 17. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the fourth subcell has a band gap in the range of approximately 0.65 to 0.75 eV; the third subcell has a band gap in the range of approximately 0.9 to 1.1 eV, the second subcell has a band gap in the range of approximately 1.35 to 1.50 eV and the upper subcell has a band gap in the range of 1.9 to 2.2 eV. 18. A solar cell comprising: at least one solar subcell having an emitter layer, a base layer, and a window layer adjacent to the emitter layer, wherein the window layer has a gradation in doping from 1.0.times.10.sup.16 per cubic centimeter in a region adjacent to the emitter region to 1.7.times.10.sup.17 per cubic centimeter in a region adjacent to the layer overlying the window layer. 19. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first substrate; forming a contact layer over the first substrate; forming a window layer over the contact layer, the window layer having a gradation in doping from 1.0.times.10.sup.16 per cubic centimeter in a region adjacent to the emitter region to 1.7.times.10.sup.17 per cubic centimeter in a region adjacent to the layer overlying the window layer; forming an upper first solar subcell having a first band gap over the top surface of the window layer; forming a second solar subcell adjacent to said first solar subcell and having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a first graded interlayer adjacent to said second solar subcell; said first graded interlayer having a third band gap greater than said second band gap; forming a third solar subcell adjacent to said second solar subcell and having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap; forming a second graded interlayer adjacent to said third solar subcell; said second graded interlayer having a fifth band gap greater than said fourth band gap; forming a fourth solar subcell adjacent to said second graded interlayer, said fourth subcell having a sixth band gap smaller than said fourth band gap such that said fourth subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said third subcell; mounting a surrogate substrate on top of fourth solar subcell; and removing the first substrate. 