A monitoring apparatus for monitoring the temperature of a body, the apparatus having a housing defining a volume of air exposed to the body, a temperature sensor being located within the volume of air at a position remote from the body whereby the temperature of the body can be determined. In one embodiment the housing defines a substantially vertically arranged flue exposed at its lower end to the body, the temperature sensor being located within the flue, at least one air inlet being provided in the flue positioned below the temperature sensor, at least one air outlet being provided in the flue positioned above the temperature sensor, whereby the body, when heated, may initiate a rising column of air within the flue due to convection when the temperature of the body is greater than the ambient temperature, the temperature sensor being exposed to said rising column of air.
Claims 1. A monitoring apparatus for monitoring the temperature of a body, said apparatus comprising a housing defining a volume of air exposed to said body, a temperature sensor being located within said volume of air at a position remote from said body whereby the temperature of the body can be determined from the output of the temperature sensor. 2. The monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein said housing is formed from a thermally insulating material. 3. The monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the housing is formed from a polymeric material or other non-metallic material. 4. The monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 1 wherein said temperature sensor comprises a thermister or thermocouple. 5. The monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein said apparatus includes an indicating means for indicating the temperature of the body and/or the condition of an apparatus associated with the body, such as a steam trap, in response to the output of the temperature sensor. 6. The monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 5, further comprising a microprocessor for operating the indicating means in response to the output of the temperature sensor. 7. The monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 6, wherein the microprocessor is programmed to periodically sample the output of the temperature sensor. 8. The monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 5, wherein said indicating means comprises one or more user perceptible indicators. 9. The monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 12, wherein said indicating means comprises one or more lights, such as light emitting diodes (LEDs), and/or wherein said indicating means comprise a transmitter, transmitting an output signal to a remote monitoring device. 10. The monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein said housing defines a substantially vertically arranged flue exposed at its lower end to said body, said temperature sensor being located within said flue, at least one air inlet being provided in said flue at a position below said temperature sensor, at least one air outlet being provided in said flue at a position above said temperature sensor, whereby said body, when heated, may initiate a rising column of air within the flue due to convection when the temperature of the body is greater than the ambient temperature, said temperature sensor being exposed to said rising column of air. 11. The monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 10, wherein said at least one air inlet is located at or adjacent a lower end of the flue. 12. The monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 10, wherein said at least one air outlet is provided at an upper end of the flue. 13. The monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 10, wherein said at least one air inlet is provided with a filter or screen to prevent dust and/or debris from entering the flue. 14. The monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 10, wherein said temperature sensor is mounted at or adjacent said air outlet of the flue. 15. The monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 10, wherein the temperature sensor is mounted in a central region of the flue by means of one or more support arms or member. 16. The monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 15, wherein the temperature sensor is mounted in a central region of the flue by means of a plurality of radially extending support members. 17. The monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the apparatus is powered by batteries and/or by photovoltaic cells and/or a thermopile attached to a normally hot surface. 18. The monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 17, wherein said normally hot surface comprises the body whose temperature is being monitored. 19. The monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 5, wherein the indicating means is mounted on the housing at a position remote from said body, thereby isolating the components thereof from the high temperature and harsh environment of the body. 20. A steam trap monitoring apparatus for determining the condition of a steam trap, said apparatus including a temperature monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 1, for remotely monitoring the temperature of at least one part of the steam trap. 21. The steam trap monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 20, wherein the temperature monitoring apparatus is mounted on the condensate drain of the steam trap to sense the temperature of the condensate drain. 22. The steam trap monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 21, wherein the apparatus is adapted to provide an indication of the temperature of the condensate drain of the steam trap and thus an indication of the operating condition of the steam trap. 23. The steam trap monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 22, wherein the temperature of the condensate drain is determined by comparing the output of the temperature sensor with predetermined reference values. 24. The steam trap as claimed in claim 20, wherein a further temperature sensor is provided for sensing the ambient air temperature adjacent the housing to enhance the accuracy of the temperature monitoring apparatus. 25. The steam trap monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 20, wherein said apparatus includes an indicating means for indicating of the temperature of said at least one part of the steam trap, in response to the output of the temperature sensor. 26. The steam trap monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 25, wherein the indication means comprises at least one light source, such as an LED, the frequency or pattern of flashing or colour of the at least one light source being controlled to indicate the condition of the steam trap and/or the temperature of said at least one part of the steam trap. 27. The steam trap monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 26, wherein said indicating means comprises two lights sources, a first light source being illuminated when the temperature sensed by the temperature sensor is below a first predetermined value, indicative of a first failure mode of the steam trap, and a second light source being illuminated when the temperature sensed by the temperature sensor is above a second predetermined value, higher than said first predetermined value, indicative of a second failure mode of the steam trap, whereby, under normal operating conditions of the steam trap, the temperature sensed by the temperature sensor will be between said first and second temperature such that neither light source is illuminated. 28. The steam trap monitoring apparatus as claimed in claim 20, comprising a clamp enabling the apparatus to be fitted to a condensate drain of the steam trap to place the lower end of the housing in thermal contact with the condensate drain. 