A watercraft includes a deck and no more than two flettner rotors having a height to diameter ratio of less than five. At least one of the flettner rotors is elevated above the deck such that individuals on the deck can walk underneath the flettner rotor. A portion of a footprint of at least one of the flettner rotors is suspended over an edge of the deck.
Claims 1. A watercraft, comprising: a deck; and no more than two flettner rotors having a height to diameter ratio of less than five; at least one of said flettner rotors being elevated above said deck such that individuals on said deck can walk underneath said flettner rotor; and a portion of a footprint of at least one of said flettner rotors being suspended over an edge of said deck. 2. The watercraft of claim 1, further comprising: a structure on the watercraft other than a flettner rotor that defines a highest point of the watercraft above a water line; all of said flettner rotors having a height above the water line not substantially higher than a height of the highest point. 3. The watercraft of claim 2, wherein said structure is a mast. 4. The watercraft of claim 1, wherein a first flettner rotor is mounted at a stern end of said deck and a second flettner rotor is mounted at a bow end of said deck. 5. The watercraft of claim 1, wherein a bottom of said flettner rotor is at least two meters above the surface of said deck. 6. The watercraft of claim 5, wherein the bottom of said flettner rotor is at least three meters above the surface of said deck. 7. The watercraft of claim 1, wherein less than 50% of the footprint of said flettner rotor is located over said deck. 8. The watercraft of claim 7, wherein an axle of the flettner rotor is located off of said deck. 9. The watercraft of claim 8, wherein the axle of said flettner rotor is suspended over the edge of said deck by a cantilever. 10. The watercraft of claim 1, wherein the height to diameter ratio of the flettner rotors is less than three. 11. The watercraft of claim 1, further comprising: solar panels mounted on the top of at least one of the flettner rotors. 12. The watercraft of claim 11, further comprising: a solar panel array mounted on the top of at least one of the flettner rotors. 13. A method of manufacturing a flettner rotor comprising the steps of: (a) assembling a cage; (b) rotating the cage 360 degrees relative to a supply of sheet; (c) wrapping a sheet around the cage as they are rotated relative to each other until the cage is substantially covered by the sheet material; and (d) mounting the sheet to the cage as it is wrapped around the cage. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein step (c) comprises: (ca) wrapping a segment of the sheet around the circumference of the cage; and (cb) repeating step (ca) at different heights of the cage until the cage is substantially covered by the sheet material. 15. The method of claim 13, wherein step (c) comprises lifting or lowering the sheet relative to the cage by one width of the sheet per 360 degrees of relative rotation and continuing to wrap the sheet around the cage until the cage is substantially covered by the sheet. 16. A method of manufacturing a flettner rotor comprising: (a) providing a spindle; (b) providing a plurality of planar frames; (c) mounting the frames in a circular configuration around the spindle; (d) wrapping a sheet around the frames such that the ends of the frames are substantially covered by the sheet; and (e) mounting an end plate on an upper portion of the frames. 17. A flettner rotor, comprising: a plurality of frames comprising horizontal spokes, vertical columns, and diagonal members; a spindle comprising at least one flange coupled to the horizontal spokes; a sheet disposed on the frames; and an end plate disposed on the top of the frames. 18. A method of retrofitting a flettner rotor onto a ship, comprising the steps of: (a) providing a previously assembled ship; (b) manufacturing one or two flettner rotors separately from the ship, the flettner rotors having a height to diameter ratio of less than five; (c) installing a mounting platform off of a stern or bow end of the deck; and (d) installing at least one flettner rotor on the mounting platform in an elevated position such that individuals on the deck can walk underneath the flettner rotor and in a position wherein less than 50% of a footprint of the flettner rotor is over the deck. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein a structure on the watercraft other than a flettner rotor defines a highest point of the watercraft above a water line and the flettner rotor has an installed height above the water line not substantially higher than a height of the highest point. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein said structure is a mast. 21. The method of claim 18, wherein a bottom of the flettner rotor is at least two meters above the surface of the deck. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein the bottom of the flettner rotor is at least three meters above the surface of the deck. 23. The method of claim 18, wherein the height to diameter ratio of the flettner rotors is less than three. 24. The method of claim 18, wherein solar panels are mounted on the top of at least one of the flettner rotors. 25. The method of claim 24, wherein a solar panel array is mounted on the top of at least one of the flettner rotors. 