Digital device screen apparatus for use with a motorcycle helmet or like. In one example, apparatus includes a screen and means of connection. The device is attachable or attached to a rearward facing portion of a helmet (5) to display a picture, image or video source. In one example, a front mount camera is connected to a viewing screen mounted on the back of a helmet. In one example, the screen mount is configurable to house a variety of screens and sizes and types. In another example, a video display apparatus interfaces to the motorcycle with either a conventional breakaway cable, wirelessly via Blue Tooth, R.F. Radio Frequency or other means of wireless transmission. The apparatus can be integrated or added as an aftermarket accessory to a helmet.
Claims 1. A motorcycle helmet apparatus comprising a motorcycle helmet including a digital device screen mount on said helmet for attaching a digital device screen rearward facing on said helmet such that, when the helmet is worn by a driver of the motorcycle, a motorcycle passenger seated behind the driver is able to view an image or use computer aspects of the digital device. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said screen mount includes a rechargeable battery for powering said digital device screen and a solar panel for charging said rechargeable battery. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said helmet includes said digital device screen attached to the rearward facing portion of said helmet by said mount. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said digital device screen comprises an LCD display or an LED display. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said digital device comprises a tablet device. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said screen mount further comprises a wireless transmitter for transmitting data between said viewing screen and said digital device. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said screen mount includes a rechargeable battery for powering said digital device screen and a solar panel for charging said rechargeable battery. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a electrical connector for connecting said digital device screen to a system of said motorcycle. 9. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising an electrical connector for connecting said digital device screen to the electrical power of said motorcycle. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the screen mount is configurable to house a variety of screens of different sizes and types 11. The apparatus of clam 1, further comprising a video camera mounted on the front of said helmet and connectable to said digital device screen for viewing an image from said front mounted video camera on said rearward facing mounted screen. 12. An apparatus for a motorcycle helmet comprising a motorcycle helmet digital device screen mount configured for attaching a digital device screen rearward facing on a motorcycle helmet such that, when the helmet is worn by a driver of the motorcycle, a motorcycle passenger seated behind the driver is able to view an image or use computer aspects of the digital device. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein said screen mount includes a rechargeable battery for powering said digital device screen and a solar panel for charging said rechargeable battery. 14. The apparatus of claim 12, further comprising said digital device screen. 15. The apparatus of claim 14 wherein said digital device screen comprises an LCD display or an LED display. 16. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein said digital device comprises a tablet device. 17. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein said screen mount further comprises a wireless transmitter for transmitting data between said viewing screen and said digital device. 18. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein said screen mount includes a rechargeable battery for powering said digital device screen and a solar panel for charging said rechargeable battery. 19. The apparatus of claim 12 further comprising a wire connector for connecting said digital device screen to the electrics of said motorcycle. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein said wire connection comprises a multi-conductor wire pigtail. 21. The apparatus of claim 12, further comprising a video camera mounted on the front of said helmet and connectable to said digital device screen for viewing an image from said front mounted video camera on said rearward facing screen. 22. An apparatus for a motorcycle helmet comprising a motorcycle helmet digital device screen including a mount for attaching a digital device screen rearward facing on a motorcycle helmet such that, when the helmet is worn by a driver of the motorcycle, a motorcycle passenger seated behind the driver is able to view an image or use computer aspects of the digital device. 23. The apparatus of claim 22, wherein said screen includes a rechargeable battery for powering said digital device screen and a solar panel for charging said rechargeable battery. 24. The apparatus of claim 22 wherein said digital device screen comprises an LCD display or an LED display. 25. The apparatus of claim 22, wherein said digital device screen comprises a tablet device. 26. The apparatus of claim 22, wherein said digital device screen further comprises a wireless transmitter for transmitting data between said viewing screen and said digital device. 27. The apparatus of any one of the preceding claims 22, wherein said screen includes a rechargeable battery for powering said digital device screen and a solar panel for charging said rechargeable battery. 28. The apparatus of any one of the preceding claims 22 further comprising a wire connector for connecting said digital device screen to the electrics of said motorcycle. 29. The apparatus of claim 28, wherein said wire connection comprises a multi-conductor wire pigtail. 30. The apparatus of anyone of the preceding claims 22, further comprising a video camera for mounting on the front of said helmet and connectable to said digital device screen for viewing an image from said front mounted video camera on the screen. 