A system for managing power in a facility includes a hardware interface with a plurality of access ports for connecting with a utility power grid, at least one renewable power source, and at least one electrical load. A plurality of sensor devices monitors power conditions at the plurality of access ports. A storage device stores one or more control programs. A microprocessor controls the hardware interface to enable or disable each of the plurality of access ports in accordance with the one or more control programs and the monitored power conditions of the access ports. An interface device receives instructions from a user and modifying the one or more control programs stored in the storage device based on the received instructions.
Claims 1. A system for managing power in a facility, comprising: a hardware interface with a plurality of access ports for connecting with a utility power grid, at least one renewable power source, and at least one electrical load; a plurality of sensor devices for monitoring power conditions at the plurality of access ports; a storage device for storing one or more control programs; a microprocessor for controlling the hardware interface to enable or disable each of the plurality of access ports in accordance with the one or more control programs and the monitored power conditions of the access ports; and an interface device for receiving instructions from a user and modifying the one or more control programs stored in the storage device based on the received instructions. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the hardware interface includes a synchronizing hardware unit for each of the plurality of access ports. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein each of the plurality of access ports is configured to receive or dispense power to any one of the utility power grid, the renewable power source, or the electrical load. 4. The system of claim 1, further including an anti-islanding device connected between the utility power grid and the hardware interface. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of access ports of the hardware interface are configured to connect with a plug-in electric vehicle, a photovoltaic array, a wind turbine, an energy storage device, or an internal combustion generator. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of sensor devices includes a voltage monitor for monitoring a voltage of the plurality of access ports, a current monitor for monitoring a current of the plurality of access ports, an impedance meter for monitoring impedance of the plurality of access ports, a power meter for monitoring power of the plurality of access ports, an energy meter for monitoring energy of the plurality of access ports, or a temperature sensor for monitoring temperature of the plurality of access ports. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the storage device is a flash memory. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the microprocessor comprises a system-on-chip or a workstation. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the microprocessor utilizes associated hardware and software for reading the plurality of sensor devices, analyzing the readings from the plurality of sensor devices, and controlling the interface device. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the microprocessor controls the hardware interface to enable or disable each of the plurality of access ports in accordance with data received from a second system for managing power in a second facility. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the second system for managing power in the second facility comprises: a second hardware interface with a plurality of access ports for connecting with a utility power grid, at least one renewable power source, and at least one electrical load; a second plurality of sensor devices for monitoring power conditions at the plurality of access ports; a second storage device for storing one or more control programs; a second microprocessor for controlling the hardware interface to enable or disable each of the plurality of access ports in accordance with the one or more control programs and the monitored power conditions of the access ports; and a second interface device for receiving instructions from a user and modifying the one or more control programs stored in the storage device based on the received instructions. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the microprocessor controls the hardware interface to enable or disable each of the plurality of access ports in accordance with data received from the Internet. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the data received from the Internet includes weather forecast data or sensor data from a second system for managing power in a second facility. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein the interface device establishes a web portal that the user can access using a web browser for creating, modifying or replacing the one or more control programs stored in the storage device or for viewing system parameters. 15. The system of claim 1, wherein the one or more control programs stored in the storage device includes an energy distribution plan. 16. The system of claim 1, wherein the one or more control programs stored in the storage device includes steps for: determining that power is available from the utility power grid; deploying available power from the at least one renewable power source to satisfy the at least one electrical load; and when it is determined that power is available from the utility power grid, deploying power from the utility power grid, to supplement the power from the at least one renewable power source, to the extent necessary to satisfy the at least one electrical load. 17. The system of claim 1, wherein the one or more control programs stored in the storage device includes steps for: determining an extent to which power from the at least one renewable power source is available to satisfy the at least one electrical load; when it is determined that the at least one renewable power source is insufficient to satisfy the at least one electrical load, cutting one or more of the at least one electrical loads characterized as non-critical or low-priority so that the power from the at least one renewable power source is sufficient to satisfy a remaining load; and when it is determined that the at least one renewable power source is more than sufficient to satisfy the at least one electrical load, the following steps are performed: assessing a relative value in storing excess power from the at least one renewable power source for later use versus selling the excess power to the utility power grid; and storing excess power from the at least one renewable power source to an energy storage device connected to the hardware interface or selling the excess power to the utility power grid, based on the results of the assessment. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the assessing includes: forecasting a future demand of the at least one electrical load; assessing an ability to store and retrieve power within the energy storage device; and assessing a value for selling excess power to the utility power grid. 19. A system for managing power in a facility, comprising: a hardware interface with a plurality of access ports and synchronizing hardware units for connecting with a utility power grid, at least one renewable power source, an internal combustion generator, and at least one electrical load; a plurality of sensor devices for monitoring power conditions at the plurality of access ports; a microprocessor for controlling the hardware interface to enable or disable each of the plurality of access ports by sending instructions to the synchronizing hardware units in accordance with an energy distribution plan and the monitored power conditions of the access ports; and an interface device for receiving instructions from a user and modifying the energy distribution plan. 20. The system of claim 19, wherein the microprocessor controls the hardware interface to enable or disable each of the plurality of access ports in accordance with data received from a second system for managing power in a second facility, comprising: a second hardware interface with a plurality of access ports for connecting with a utility power grid, at least one renewable power source, and at least one electrical load; a second plurality of sensor devices for monitoring power conditions at the plurality of access ports; a second storage device for storing one or more control programs; a second microprocessor for controlling the hardware interface to enable or disable each of the plurality of access ports in accordance with the one or more control programs and the monitored power conditions of the access ports; and a second interface device for receiving instructions from a user and modifying the one or more control programs stored in the storage device based on the received instructions. 21. A system for managing power in a facility, comprising: an electrical switchgear with a plurality of access ports for connecting with a utility power grid, at least one renewable power source, an internal combustion generator, and at least one electrical load; a plurality of sensor devices for monitoring power conditions at the plurality of access ports; a microprocessor for controlling the hardware interface to enable or disable each of the plurality of access ports in accordance with an energy distribution plan and the monitored power conditions of the access ports; and an interface device for receiving instructions from a user and modifying the energy distribution plan, wherein the energy distribution plan defines at least three modes of operation including: a normal mode in which the switchgear, under the control of the microprocessor, maintains a connection to the utility power grid and disconnects the internal combustion generator; a green backup mode in which the switchgear, under the control of the microprocessor, disconnects the utility power grid and disconnects the internal combustion generator; and a generator backup mode in which the switchgear, under the control of the microprocessor, disconnects the utility power grid and maintains a connection to the internal combustion generator. 