A photovoltaic ("PV") module mounting system including a standoff adapted to be secured to a support surface, the standoff having an elongate channel formed along a length thereof. A rail attachment member has a portion disposed in the channel. The rail attachment member is positionably adjustable along the length of the rail. An elongate rail is securable to the standoff by the rail attachment member. The position of the rail is adjustable along the length of the standoff and fixedly secured. The elongate rail has a slot extending along a length thereof. The slot accommodates PV panel mounting hardware therein for securing a PV panel to the rail.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic ("PV") module mounting system comprising: a standoff adapted to be secured to a support surface, the standoff having an channel extending along a length thereof; a rail attachment member having a portion disposed in the channel, the rail attachment member being positionably adjustable along the length of the rail; and an elongate rail securable to the standoff by the rail attachment member, the position of the rail being adjustable along the length of the standoff and fixedly secured thereto, the elongate rail having a slot extending along a length thereof, the slot accommodating PV panel mounting hardware therein for securing a PV panel to the rail. 2. The mounting system as defined in claim 1, wherein a longitudinal extent of the standoff channel is generally perpendicular to a longitudinal extent of the rail slot. 3. The mounting system as defined in claim 1, wherein the PV panel mounting hardware is positionally adjustable along the length of the rail such that PV modules may be secured to the rail at any position along the length of the rail. 4. The mounting system as defined in claim 1, wherein the rail attachment member includes a bolt having a head disposed within the channel, the bolt extending through a hole in the rail, a nut threadedly engagable with the bolt for fixably securing the rail to the standoff. 5. The mounting system as defined in claim 1, wherein the rail attachment member includes a mounting block adjustably positionable in the standoff channel and fixedly securable therein. 6. The mounting system as defined in claim 5, wherein the mounting block includes at least one mounting hole therein for receiving mounting hardware, the mounting hardware securing the rail to the attachment block. 7. The mounting system as defined in claim 6, a first shim disposed between the standoff and the elongate rail for accommodating a space therebetween. 8. The mounting system as defined in claim 7, further including a second shim, the second shim being nestable with the first shim. 9. The mounting system as defined in claim 8, wherein the first shim has a recess on an upper surface, the second shim having a protrusion extending from a lower surface thereof, the second shim protrusion resting within the first shim recess. 10. A photovoltaic ("PV") module mounting system comprising: a standoff adapted to be secured to a support surface, the standoff having an elongate channel formed along a length thereof; an attachment block having a guide member disposed in the standoff channel, the attachment block being positionably adjustable along the length of the standoff; and an elongate rail fixedly securable to the attachment block, the position of the rail being adjustable along the length of the standoff, the rail having a slot extending along a length thereof, the slot accommodating PV panel mounting hardware therein for securing a PV panel to the rail. 11. The mounting system as defined in claim 10, wherein the mounting block has a plurality of mounting holes formed therein for accommodating mounting hardware for securing the elongate rail to the mounting block. 12. The mounting system as defined in claim 10, wherein the guide member is engagable with the standoff wherein the mounting block is slidable along a length of the standoff channel but the standoff is not movable out of the channel in a direction perpendicular to the length of the channel. 13. The mounting system as defined in claim 10, wherein the guide member includes a pair of spaced guides slidable within the channel. 14. The mounting system as defined in claim 10, wherein the mounting block includes a generally planar mating surface engagable with the elongate rail, the mating surface including a depression therein for accommodating a first shim, the first shim extending above the mounting block mating surface for accommodating a space between the mounting block and the elongate rail. 15. The mounting system as defined in claim 14, further including a second shim, the second shim being nestable with the first shim. 16. The mounting system as defined in claim 15, wherein the first shim has a recess on an upper surface, the second shim having a protrusion extending from a lower surface thereof, the second shim protrusion resting within the first shim recess. 17. A photovoltaic ("PV") module mounting system comprising: a first and a second elongate rail extending in a longitudinal direction and spaced from each other in a transverse direction, the transverse direction being generally perpendicular to the longitudinal direction, the rails being supported along their length by a plurality of standoffs, the standoffs including a positionally adjustable rail mounting member for permitting the position of the rails to be adjusted relative to each other in the transverse direction; and at least one PV panel extending between the first and second rails and being secured thereto. 18. The mounting system as defined in claim 17, wherein the standoffs each include a channel extending along a length thereof, and the rail mounting member is adjustably positionable along the length of the slot wherein the transverse distance between the first and second rails is adjustable. 19. The mounting system as defined in claim 18, wherein the rail attachment member includes a mounting block adjustably positionable in the standoff channel and fixedly securable therein, and the mounting block includes at least one mounting hole therein for receiving mounting hardware, the mounting hardware fixedly securing the rail to the attachment block. 20. The mounting system as defined in claim 18, wherein the mounting block includes a plurality of spaced mounting holes wherein the rail is securable to at least one of the mounting holes. 21. The mounting system as defined in claim 18, wherein the first and second rails each include a slot extending along a length thereof, the at least one PV panel being adjustably secured to the first and second rails at a position along the slot, wherein the position of the PV panel is adjustable on the first and second rails along the longitudinal direction. 