The present disclosure relates generally to patient monitoring systems and, more particularly, to a resistance emulator for patient monitors. In an embodiment, a resistance emulator includes a first plug configured to couple with a medical monitor. The medical monitor is configured to receive a calibration resistance value of a medical device sensor from a coded resistor. The resistance emulator further includes a second plug configured to couple with a medical device sensor. The medical device sensor is configured without the coded resistor. The resistance emulator also includes emulation circuitry configured to provide an emulated signal representative of the calibration resistance value to the medical monitor.
Claims 1. A resistance emulator comprising: a first plug configured to couple with a medical monitor configured to receive a calibration resistance value from a coded resistor of a medical device sensor; a second plug configured to couple with a medical device sensor configured without the coded resistor; and emulation circuitry configured to provide a signal correlative to the calibration resistance value to the medical monitor. 2. The resistance emulator of claim 1, wherein the emulation circuitry comprises: a microprocessor configured to: read calibration data from a memory of the medical device sensor, and generate the signal correlative to the calibration resistance value based at least in part upon the calibration data, the signal being a digital signal. 3. The resistance emulator of claim 2, wherein the emulation circuitry comprises a digital-to-analog converter configured to convert the digital signal into an analog signal. 4. The resistance emulator of claim 1, wherein the first plug, the second plug, and the emulation circuitry are disposed in a housing. 5. The resistance emulator of claim 3, wherein the analog signal comprises a current interpretable by the medical monitor. 6. The resistance emulator of claim 2, wherein the calibration data comprises calibration coefficients, calibration curves, or a calibration algorithm, or any combination thereof, and the microprocessor is configured to determine the calibration resistance value from the calibration data. 7. The resistance emulator of claim 5, wherein the emulation circuitry comprises a lookup table configured to correlate the calibration data to corresponding calibration resistance values, and wherein the microprocessor is configured to query the lookup table to determine the calibration resistance value corresponding to the calibration data. 8. The resistance emulator of claim 1, wherein the calibration data comprises the calibration resistance value. 9. The resistance emulator of claim 1, comprising a power source comprising a battery, a solar cell, or a capacitor. 10. The resistance emulator of claim 1, comprising a cable disposed between the first and second plugs, the cable configured to transfer signals between the first and second plugs. 11. A method of manufacturing a resistance emulator, comprising: providing a first plug configured to couple with a medical monitor configured to receive a calibration resistance value from a coded resistor of a medical device sensor; providing a second plug configured to couple with a medical device sensor configured without the coded resistor; and providing emulation circuitry configured to provide a signal correlative to the calibration resistance value to the medical monitor. 12. The method of claim 11, comprising providing a microprocessor configured to: read calibration data from a memory of the medical device sensor, and generate a signal correlative to the calibration resistance value based at least in part upon the calibration data, the signal being a digital signal. 13. The method of claim 11, comprising providing a cable between the first and second plugs, wherein the cable is configured to transfer signals between the first and second plugs. 14. The method of claim 12, comprising disposing the first plug, the second plug, and the emulation circuitry in a housing. 15. The method of claim 12, comprising: providing a digital-to-analog converter configured to convert the digital signal to a current interpretable by the medical monitor. 16. A method, comprising: reading, via a resistance emulator, calibration data from memory of a medical device sensor; generating, via the resistance emulator, a signal correlative to a calibration resistance value, wherein the signal is interpretable by a medical monitor configured to receive the calibration resistance value from a coded resistor of the medical device sensor; and providing, via the resistance emulator, the signal to the medical monitor. 17. The method of claim 16, comprising: receiving the calibration data at a microprocessor of the resistance emulator; and generating, via the microprocessor, a digital signal correlative to the calibration resistance value. 18. The method of claim 16, wherein the calibration resistance value comprises an electrical current. 19. The method of claim 18, comprising converting the digital signal provided by the microprocessor into the electrical current via a digital-to-analog converter. 20. The method of claim 17, wherein generating the digital signal comprises comparing the calibration data to calibration resistance values in a look up table. 