A connecting device for photovoltaic-capable insulating glass comprises at least one retaining device laterally attached to the photovoltaic-capable insulating glass. In its installed state, the retaining device is open on at least one side which faces the intermediate space so that at least one ribbon is insertable into a clamping device inserted in the retaining device, and wherein the ribbon establishes an electrical contact for a photovoltaic device accommodated in the at least one intermediate space, and wherein the clamping device is provided with an electrical supply line such that the clamping device establishes an electrical clamping contact between the at least one ribbon and the electrical supply line.
Claims 1. A connecting device for photovoltaic-capable double-pane insulating glass, comprising at least one retaining device laterally attachable to the photovoltaic-capable insulating glass which comprises a pair of insulating glass panes and an intermediate space between said pair of insulating glass panes, wherein said retaining device is open on a side thereof which in the installed state faces the intermediate space, and is insertable between the pair of insulating glass panes so that at least one flat-ribbon conductor is insertable into a clamping device inserted in the retaining device, and wherein said at least one flat-ribbon conductor serves to establish an electrical contact for a photovoltaic device accommodated in the at least one intermediate space, and wherein said clamping device is provided with an electrical supply line such that the clamping device establishes an electrical clamping contact between the at least one flat-ribbon conductor and the electrical supply line. 2. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the width of the retaining device of the connecting device is adaptable to the width of the at least one intermediate space between the at least two insulating glass panes by means of severable elements. 3. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the retaining device of the connecting device has a collar engaged in the intermediate space, which has a width adaptable to the width of the intermediate space. 4. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the electrical clamping device is formed by a clamp spring. 5. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the retaining device of the connecting device is adapted to accommodate a sealing compound. 6. The connecting device for photovoltaic-capable double-pane insulating glass as claimed in claim 1, wherein the retaining device is adapted to be attached on and/or to the at least one edge of the at least two insulating glass panes; include at least one support for at least one clamping device; permit to support and/or guide the electrical supply line; allow to pass the flat-ribbon conductor through the retaining device or through the retaining device and the clamping device. 7. A photovoltaic-capable double-pane insulating glass, comprising a pair of insulating glass panes and an intermediate space between said pair of insulating glass panes, with at least one flat-ribbon conductor that protrudes from the intermediate space between the at least two insulating glass panes, and at least one connecting device as claimed in claim 1, which is mounted to the photovoltaic-capable insulating glass by being inserted between the pair of insulating glass panes of the photovoltaic-capable insulating glass. 8. The photovoltaic-capable insulating glass as claimed in claim 7, wherein said at least one flat-ribbon conductor protrudes from the at least one intermediate space between the at least two insulating glass panes. 9. A method for connecting a connecting device to a photovoltaic-capable double-pane insulating glass which comprises a pair of insulating glass panes and an intermediate space between said pair of insulating glass panes, comprising the steps of: providing a photovoltaic-capable insulating glass that has at least one flat-ribbon conductor; connecting at least one electrical supply line with at least one clamping device; providing a retaining device which accommodates and/or supports the at least one electrical clamping device or the at least one electrical clamping device and the at least one electrical supply line for establishing a clamping contact with the at least one flat-ribbon conductor, and which has an opening at its bottom; inserting an electrical clamping device into the retaining device; mounting the connecting device to the insulating glass panes, wherein the connecting device is placed over the flexible flat-ribbon conductor and the flat-ribbon conductor is passed through the clamping device, and wherein the connecting device is inserted between the pair of insulating glass panes; applying a force to the clamping device such that the clamping device establishes an electrical contact between the flat-ribbon conductor and the electrical supply line. 10. The method for connecting a connecting device to a photovoltaic-capable double-pane insulating glass as claimed in claim 9, wherein the connecting device is adapted to the width of the at least one intermediate space between the at least two insulating glass panes by means of severable strips. 11. The method for connecting a connecting device to a photovoltaic-capable double-pane insulating glass as claimed in claim 9, wherein the ribbon is cut to a predetermined length. 12. The method for connecting a connecting device to a photovoltaic-capable double-pane insulating glass as claimed in claim 9, wherein the flat-ribbon conductor is folded over. 13. The method for connecting a connecting device to a photovoltaic-capable double-pane insulating glass as claimed in claim 9, wherein the connecting device is closed by a covering element or filled with a sealing compound. 