A battery pack power system includes a plurality of modular, portable, battery modules having various capacities that can be mixed and matched with one another to suit any of a wide variety applications or provide the desired power to any of a wide variety of loads at off-grid locations. The individual battery modules are stackable or otherwise nestable or connectable with one another to permit multiple users to each separately transport a module to a desired location and then combine the modules to assemble the battery power pack. One or more flexible connectors are provided for electrically chaining the assembled battery modules to one another and that permit only one-way, correct-orientation connection of the battery modules to one another, and have no exposed electrically conductive surfaces. An inverter module is connectable to any one of the battery modules, and operates to deliver 110 VAC in a first mode and 220 VAC in a second mode to provide electrical power to a wide variety of electrical loads. The battery power pack system is rechargeable from a portable solar photovoltaic power generator, wind power generator and/or hydropower generator connectable to one of the battery modules to recharge all of the battery modules.
Claims 1. A battery pack power system, comprising: a plurality of modular, portable, battery modules having various capacities that can be mixed and matched with one another into a first battery power pack configuration to provide power to a first load application, and then disassembled and re-assembled in a second battery power pack configured to provide power to a second load application; one or more connectors for electrically connecting the battery modules to one another and that permits only one-way, correct-orientation connection of the battery modules to one another, the flexible connectors having no exposed electrically conductive surfaces; wherein the individual battery modules are nestable with one another to permit one or more users to each separately transport modules to a desired location and then combine the modules to assemble the battery power pack configuration. 2. The battery pack power system of claim 1 wherein the battery modules have at least one nesting recess on one side and at least one nesting element on an opposite side, the nesting recess on one battery module configured to receive the nesting element on an adjacent module, so that the battery modules may be stacked one atop another into a stack. 3. The battery pack power system of claim 2 wherein the nesting elements and recesses have an elongated shape, and the nesting elements comprise a resilient and tacky material. 4. The battery pack power system of claim 1 wherein opposite sides of the battery modules further comprise a retainer recess and a retainer link configured to receive a retention device to secure the nested battery modules as an assembly, and wherein the retention device comprises an adjustable strap. 5. The battery pack power system of claim 1 wherein the battery modules include a charge indicator that identifies the real-time charge state of the battery module. 6. The battery pack power system of claim 1 wherein the battery modules are rechargeable from an electric grid connection, a vehicle 12 VDC connection, and a portable solar photovoltaic panel. 7. The battery pack power system of claim 1 further comprising an inverter module that is connectable to any one of the battery modules, and operates at 110 VAC in a first mode and 220 VAC in a second mode. 8. The battery pack power system of claim 7 wherein the inverter module further comprises a voltage selector switch, and an indicator light identifying the output voltage level. 9. The battery pack power system of claim 7 wherein the inverter module is configured for use with AC loads and DC loads. 10. The battery pack power system of claim 7 wherein the inverter module includes a multi-standard socket configured to receive any of a plurality of electric plug configurations 11. The battery pack power system of claim 7 wherein the inverter module further comprises output connectors configured to receive USB plugs, 12V barrel connectors, and 12V cigarette lighter connectors. 12. The battery power pack system of claim 1 wherein the battery modules include a readily accessible fuse box with a spring-biased door configured to facilitate troubleshooting of the battery module and permit fuses to be checked and replaced. 13. The battery power pack system of claim 1 wherein the battery modules comprise lithium ion phosphate battery modules. 14. The battery power pack system of claim 1 wherein a first-size battery module has a capacity of approximately 50 watt-hours and another-size battery module has a capacity of approximately 120 watt-hours and the inverter module has a rating or approximately 100 watts. 15. The battery power pack system of claim 1 further comprising a portable solar photovoltaic power generator connectable to one of the battery modules to recharge all of the battery modules. 16. The battery power pack system of claim 1 further comprising a portable wind power generator connectable to one of the battery modules to recharge all of the battery modules. 17. The battery power pack system of claim 1 further comprising a portable hydropower generator connectable to one of the battery modules to recharge all of the battery modules. 18. The battery pack power system of claim 1 wherein the battery modules have a ventilation flow path that permits the free flow of air when the modules are connected to one another. 19. The battery power pack system of claim 1 wherein the battery modules comprise a handle projecting above a top surface and a recess on a bottom surface configured to receive the handle of an adjacent battery module in a nesting and connecting relationship. 20. The battery power pack system of claim 1 wherein the battery modules comprise a recess configured to receive a retainer device disposed about the plurality of battery modules. 21. The battery power pack system of claim 1 wherein the battery modules comprise lead-acid battery modules. 22. The battery power pack system of claim 1 wherein the battery modules have a capacity of approximately 400 watt-hours and the inverter module has a rating or approximately 400 watts. 23. The battery power pack system of claim 1 wherein the connectors comprise elongated flexible connectors for connecting the battery modules to one another in a chained configuration. 