A transportable solar harvester system for electrical generation in expeditionary, military, and commercial settings comprising: a photovoltaic array deployable in an open configuration and in a compact closed configuration; a set of stabilizing legs to enable stable positioning of the photovoltaic array in the open configuration; and an auxiliary power module connectable to the photovoltaic array, having system management functionalities to interface the system with other devices wherein the system is deployable from the compact closed configuration to the open configuration manually by two persons in less than 30 minutes and vice versa.
Claims 1. A transportable solar harvester system for electrical generation in expeditionary, military, and commercial settings comprising: a photovoltaic array deployable in an open configuration and in a compact closed configuration; a set of stabilizing legs to enable stable positioning of the photovoltaic array in the open configuration; and an auxiliary power module connectable to the photovoltaic array, having system management functionalities to interface the system with other devices, wherein the system is deployable from the compact closed configuration to the open configuration manually by two persons in less than 30 minutes and vice versa. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic array has at least one type of photovoltaic module chosen from the list including: flat plate PV, CPV and HCPV, and wherein the cell is a III-V multi junction cell. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the system further comprises a dual-axis solar tracking system and a wind protection system. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein a transport cover is adapted to cover the system when the system is not deployed, the cover having one side with a thin film flexible PV integrated panel configurable to maximize solar collection of the system and to allow solar harvesting while the system is in the closed compact position and in transit. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the solar photovoltaic array has a capacity of at least of 1 KWp. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the system is deployable in the field without the need for infrastructure work. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the system is deployable and operatable on a non-level terrain having a slope of up to 20 degrees. 8. The system of claim 2, wherein the system is transportable in the compact closed configuration in a Light Tactical Trailer. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein dimensions of the system in the compact closed configuration are not in excess of substantially 87.5 inches width and 135 inches length. 10. The system of claim 8, wherein a crate is adapted to transport the system therein in the compact closed configuration and wherein crate dimensions are not in excess of substantially 220 cm.times.300 cm.times.160 cm. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein other devices are at least one chosen from the list including: a transport vehicle; an external battery; an electrical grid; a diesel generator; a turbine; an external load. 12. The system of claim 2, wherein the system has a power configuration and controls adapted to allow the system to serve as a micro grid. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein the system is adapted to charge batteries and support DC and AC loads. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the system further includes: at least one MPPT unit; a PV charger; an inverter/charger; a battery bank; and fuel cells. 15. The system of claim 13, wherein the system includes a diesel generator. 16. The system of claim 2, wherein the system is operatable within MILSTD 810 g and f requirements. 17. The system of claim 2, wherein the system is operatable fully automatically following deployment. 18. A method of using a transportable solar harvester system for electrical generation in expeditionary, military, and commercial settings comprising the steps of: deploying a photovoltaic array from a closed configuration to an open configuration; utilizing a set of stabilizing legs to enable stable positioning of the photovoltaic array in the open configuration; and connecting an auxiliary power module connectable to the photovoltaic array, having system management functionalities and interfacing the system with other devices whereby the system is deployed from the compact closed configuration to the open configuration manually by two persons in less than 30 minutes and vice versa. 19. The method of claim 18, whereby the photovoltaic array has at least one type of photovoltaic module chosen from the list including: flat plate PV, CPV and HCPV, and wherein the cell is a III-V multi junction cell. 