A temperature uniformity device controls the temperature and temperature uniformity of an object such as a photovoltaic module undergoing testing. The temperature uniformity device includes a thermal conductivity device and a pliable thermally conductive interface material inserted between the object and the thermal conductivity device.
Claims 1. A temperature uniformity device comprising: a thermal conductivity device for holding a fluid medium; and an interface material made of a pliable thermally conductive material attached on one side to a front surface of the thermal conductivity device for coupling on the other side to an object. 2. The temperature uniformity device of claim 1, wherein the thermal conductivity device is formed of at least one of molybdenum, aluminum, copper or combination thereof. 3. The temperature uniformity device of claim 1, wherein the fluid medium comprises a fluid that can be heated and cooled to temperatures ranging from 0.degree. Celsius to 90.degree. Celsius. 4. The temperature uniformity device of claim 3, wherein the fluid medium is a liquid selected from the group consisting of water, ethylene glycol or liquid nitrogen. 5. The temperature uniformity device of claim 3, wherein the fluid medium is a gas. 6. The temperature uniformity device of claim 3, wherein a plurality of sensors are attached to a wall of the thermal conductivity device for monitoring the temperature of the fluid medium. 7. The temperature uniformity device of claim 1, wherein the interface material has a thermal conductivity property in the range of about 1.0 W/mK to about 10 W/mK. 8. The temperature uniformity device of claim 1, wherein the interface material has an electrical insulation property in the range of about 10.sup.12 to about 10.sup.16 ohm-cm. 9. The temperature uniformity device of claim 1, wherein the interface material comprises a gel coating. 10. The temperature uniformity device of claim 9, wherein the gel coating is an alumina filled, electrically insulating and thermally conductive paste. 11. The temperature uniformity device of claim 1, wherein one or more temperature measuring sensors are embedded in the interface material for monitoring the temperature of the photovoltaic module. 12. The temperature uniformity device of claim 1, wherein one or more temperature measuring sensors are attached to the thermal conductivity device for monitoring the temperature of the thermal conductivity device. 13. The temperature uniformity device of claim 1, wherein the thermal conductivity device further comprises a plurality of heat pipes for cooling the object and a heat exchanger attached to one end of the thermal conductivity device, the heat exchanger having a cavity for holding an end portion of each of the plurality of heat pipes and further comprising at least two pipes connected to the cavity for circulating a fluid medium through the cavity. 14. A light soaking system comprising: a light soaking chamber comprising: a surface for receiving a photovoltaic module to be tested; a plurality of first temperature sensors, each for measuring a temperature at a respective location on the photovoltaic module; a light source for illuminating the photovoltaic module; a second temperature sensor for measuring a temperature of the chamber; and a temperature uniformity device comprising: a thermal conductivity device for holding a fluid medium; and an interface material made of a pliable thermally conductive material attached on one side to a front surface of the thermal conductivity device for coupling on the other side to the photovoltaic module; a fluid medium source connected to the thermal conductivity device; and a controller configured to monitor a temperature and a temperature uniformity of the photovoltaic module and to adjust a temperature of the fluid medium by adjusting a flow rate of the fluid medium through the thermal conductivity device. 15. The light soaking system of claim 14, wherein the controller is configured to accept temperature readings from the plurality of temperature sensors, and to adjust the flow rate of the fluid medium based on the temperature readings from the plurality of temperature sensors. 16. A testing method for a photovoltaic module, comprising the steps of illuminating a photovoltaic module which is coupled to a temperature uniformity device, the temperature uniformity device having a thermal conductivity device for holding a fluid medium and an interface material made of a pliable thermally conductive material attached on one side to a front surface of the thermal conductivity device for coupling on the other side to the photovoltaic module; and monitoring a temperature and a temperature uniformity of the photovoltaic module at a plurality of points on the photovoltaic module using a plurality of temperature sensors embedded at various points on or within the photovoltaic module and interface material. 17. The testing method of claim 16, further comprising vacuum sealing the temperature uniformity device to a cover:plate of the photovoltaic module. 18. The testing method of claim 16, wherein the monitoring step comprises analyzing temperature readings from at least one of the plurality of temperature sensors. 19. The testing method of claim 18, further comprising adjusting a flow rate of the fluid medium through the thermal conductivity device based on temperature readings from at least one of the plurality of temperature sensors. 20. The testing method of claim 16, further comprising adjusting a flow rate of the fluid medium through the thermal conductivity device based on a predetermined time period. 