A utility distribution control system and method for performing distribution control of energy within a utility service network including an energy distribution network in communication with a plurality of energy resources. The energy distribution network includes a plurality of energy storage and generation devices which receive energy from at least one of the energy resources of the plurality of resources and distribute energy, and a controller which controls the plurality of energy storage and generation devices, to distribute energy.
Claims 1. A utility distribution control system comprising: an energy distribution network in communication with a plurality of energy resources and comprising: a plurality of energy storage and generation devices which receive energy from at least one of the plurality of energy resources and distribute energy, and a controller which controls the plurality of energy storage and generation devices, to distribute energy. 2. The utility distribution control system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of energy resources comprises at least one of energy charging devices, battery storage systems, solar and wind resources, and a utility service network. 3. The utility distribution control system of claim 1, wherein the energy distribution network performs distribution in real-time. 4. The utility distribution control system of claim 2, wherein, the plurality of energy storage and generation devices communicate with each other, and the controller via a communications network. 5. The utility distribution control system of claim 4, wherein the communications network is one of cellular or wireless communication. 6. The utility distribution control system of claim 5 wherein the controller is positioned within a central control location of the utility service network. 7. The utility distribution control system of claim 5, wherein the plurality of energy storage and generation devices perform independently. 8. The utility distribution control system of claim 5, wherein the plurality of energy storage and generation devices perform in combination. 9. The utility distribution control system of claim 6, wherein the plurality of energy storage and generation devices are coupled with the utility service network. 10. The utility distribution control system of claim 1, wherein each of the plurality of energy storage and generation device includes a remote controller which communicates with the controller in real-time and which performs remote monitoring to determine a health state and charge/discharge state of each respective energy storage and generation device. 11. The utility distribution control system of claim 10, wherein each of the plurality of energy storage and generation device provides energy ranging from approximately 100 kilowatts (KW) to approximately 1 megawatt (MW). 12. The utility distribution control system of claim 10, wherein each of the plurality of energy storage and generation device comprises: solar receiving elements to receive and distribute solar energy; a data receiver/transmitter; a power supply unit; a main computing unit which controls the respective energy storage and generation device; an input port to connect with a utility service network; and at least one sensor to detect a state of the utility service network and to perform real-time demands for energy loads. 13. The utility distribution control system of claim 1, wherein the energy distribution network transmits alerts via at least one of the plurality of energy storage and generation devices and the controller to users for discretionary energy use. 14. The utility distribution control system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of energy storage and generation devices perform distribution based on external information including at least one of pricing and economic data, peak shaving requirements, historical data, risk assessment and a status of wind and solar generation. 15. A tangible computer-readable medium including computer-executable instructions stored thereon for performing a method for implementing utility distribution control of energy resources within a utility service network, the method comprising: providing energy from a plurality of energy resources; receiving energy from at least one of the plurality of energy resources and distributing energy remotely via a plurality of energy storage and generation devices; and controlling, via a controller, the plurality of energy storage and generation devices. 16. The tangible computer-readable medium of claim 15, wherein the plurality of energy resources comprises at least one of energy charging devices, battery storage systems, solar and wind resources, and utility service networks. 17. The tangible computer-readable medium of claim 16, the method further comprising: evaluating a status of the utility service network, and distributing energy via at least one of the plurality of energy storage and generation devices, from another of the energy resources of the plurality of energy resources based on the status. 18. The tangible computer-readable medium of claim 17, wherein the plurality of energy storage and generation devices communicate with each other and the controller via a network. 19. The tangible computer-readable medium of claim 18, wherein the network is one of cellular or wireless communication. 20. The tangible computer-readable medium of claim 18, wherein the controller is positioned within a central control location of the utility service network. 21. The tangible computer-readable medium of claim 18, wherein the plurality of energy storage and generation devices perform independently. 22. The tangible computer-readable medium of claim 18, wherein the plurality of energy storage and generation devices perform in combination. 23. The tangible computer-readable medium of claim 18, wherein the plurality of energy storage and generation devices are coupled with the utility service network. 24. The tangible computer-readable medium of claim 18, the method further comprising: monitoring of each of the plurality of energy storage and generation device, via a remote controller thereof, which communicates with the controller in real-time, and determines a health state and charge/discharge state of each respective energy storage and generation device. 25. The tangible computer-readable medium of claim 24, wherein each of the plurality of energy storage and generation device provides energy ranging from approximately 100 kilowatts (KW) to approximately 1 megawatt (MW). 26. The tangible computer-readable medium of claim 24, the method further comprising: receiving and distributing solar energy via the plurality of energy storage and generation devices; receiving and transmitting data between the plurality of energy storage and generation devices and the utility service network; and detecting and analyzing, via the plurality of energy storage and generation devices, a state of the utility service network, and performing distribution of energy in real-time. 