A steam supply apparatus (1) for enhanced oil recovery from an oil field (10). The steam supply apparatus includes a water circulating portion (50) providing a continuous flow of water to a water heater (4) for the production of a mixture of steam and water, and a separator (5) for directing the steam to the oil field. Water returned from the oil field is purified in a water treatment apparatus (3) to provide make-up water to the water circulating portion. A buffer volume (3b) is provided in fluid communication between the water treatment apparatus and the water circulating portion. The buffer is sized to provide a time lag between a degradation of the quality of the purified water and an occurrence of an unacceptable scale production in the water heater, thereby allowing continued safe system operation until the water quality problem is corrected.
Claims 1. A steam supply apparatus for enhanced oil recovery comprising: a water treatment apparatus comprising an inlet for receiving contaminated water from an oil field and an outlet for providing purified water; a water circulating apparatus for receiving the purified water and for providing steam for injection into the oil field; the water circulating apparatus further comprising: a water heater comprising a water inlet and a water/steam outlet; and a separator comprising a water/steam inlet in fluid communication with the water heater water/steam outlet, a steam outlet for providing the steam for injection into the oil field, and a water outlet in fluid communication with the water heater water inlet; and a buffer volume in fluid communication between the water treatment apparatus and the water heater, the buffer volume sized to be effective to maintain purified water flow to the water heater for a predetermined time period in the event of termination of flow of purified water from the water treatment apparatus. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the buffer volume comprises a volume capacity of at least one hour of purified water production by the water treatment apparatus at a rated capacity. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the water treatment apparatus provides the purified water to the water heater through the separator, and the buffer volume is formed to be integral with the separator. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the buffer volume is formed to be integral with the water treatment apparatus. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a water quality monitor operative to provide an output responsive to quality of the purified water; and a control system receiving the water quality monitor output and operative to terminate operation of the water heater if the purified water quality is below a threshold for a predetermined time interval. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a blowdown outlet from the separator for communicating a blowdown flow; and a pre-heater in fluid communication with the blowdown flow and the water output from the water treatment apparatus for heat exchange there between. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the water heater comprises a solar heater. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, configured such that a circulating flow rate of water from the separator water outlet to the water heater inlet is at least five times a flow rate of the purified water from the water treatment apparatus to the water circulating apparatus. 9. A steam supply apparatus for enhanced oil recovery comprising: a water circulating portion comprising a loop operative to provide a continuous flow of water to a water heater for the production of a mixture of steam and water, and a separator for directing the steam to a well; a water treatment portion operative to purify water received from the well and to provide purified water to the water circulating portion; and a buffer volume in fluid communication between the water treatment portion and the water circulating portion, the buffer volume sized to provide a predetermined time lag between an instance of an unacceptable degradation of quality of the purified water produced by the water treatment portion and an occurrence of an unacceptable scale production in the water heater. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, further comprising: a water quality apparatus measuring a quality parameter indicative of quality of the purified water; and a control system operative to control operation of the water circulating portion responsive to the quality parameter. 11. The apparatus of claim 9, further comprising: a means for monitoring quality of the purified water being produced by the water treatment portion; and a control system operative to close a valve disposed between the water treatment portion and the buffer volume upon detection of an unacceptable quality of the purified water being produced, such that the water circulating portion continues to be supplied with purified water from the buffer volume. 12. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein a rate of flow of the continuous flow of water to the water heater is at least five time a rate of flow of the purified water from the water treatment portion to the water circulating portion. 13. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the buffer volume comprises a volume capacity of at least one hour of purified water production by the water treatment portion at a rated capacity. 14. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the buffer volume is formed to be integral with the separator. 15. The apparatus of claim 9, further comprising: a blowdown outlet from the separator for conveying blowdown fluid; and a pre-heater operative to transfer heat from the blowdown fluid to the purified water supplied to the water circulating portion. 16. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the water heater comprises a solar heater. 17. A method of steam enhanced oil recovery comprising: heating water in a water heater of a circulating loop to form a water/steam mixture; separating steam from the water/steam mixture and injecting the steam into an oil field; recovering oil and contaminated water from the oil field; treating the contaminated water to form purified water; and returning the purified water to the circulating loop via a buffer volume effective to prevent water below a predetermined quality level from entering the water heater. 18. The method of claim 17, further comprising maintaining a flow rate of circulating water in the circulating loop to be at least five times a flow rate of the purified water returned to the circulating loop. 19. The method of claim 17, further comprising: measuring a quality parameter of the purified water; and terminating the heating step if the measured quality parameter drops below a threshold value. 20. The method of claim 17, further comprising: measuring a quality parameter of the purified water produced by the treating step; and terminating the returning step if the measured quality parameter drops below a threshold value but continuing to provide purified water to the circulating loop from the buffer volume. 