A weatherproof box enclosure adapted to be secured on one of an outside wall and roof location of a multi-tenant building structure supporting roof-mounted solar panel or wind turbine generators including a multiple pole control unit receiving and distributing received alternating current voltages from the generators, which is disengagable by a normally open override switch when supplied voltages fall below a predetermined level, when servicing of the components of the safety box enclosure is to be had, and automatically in the event of an emergency as representative of a closing of the override switch by a ground level control.
Claims 1. An electrical power distribution system for a multi-tenant building structure supporting roof-mounted solar panel or wind turbine generators comprising: a weatherproof box enclosure adapted to be secured on one of an outside wall and roof location of, said structure, said box enclosure including: a plurality of input terminals adapted to receive alternating current voltages corresponding to direct current voltages generated by said solar panel or wind turbine generator; a terminal block having a plurality of identified input and output terminals adapted to distribute the alternating current voltages to individual tenant units within said building structure; a multiple pole control unit having individual input and output terminals; a plurality of net metering units individually coupling the output terminals of said control unit to the identified input terminals of said terminal block for monitoring individual electric usage at each individual tenant unit; a plurality of GFCI over-current protection devices individually coupled between said alternating current voltage receiving input terminals and the input terminals of said multiple pole control unit; a normally open override switch within said control unit, actuable when closed to disconnect the distribution of alternating current voltage to individual tenant units coupled to output terminals of said terminal block; a voltage sensing relay and/or shunt trip relay within said control unit actuable to close said normally open override switch in response to monitored alternating current voltages falling below a predetermined level; and whereby said normally open override switch is additionally controllable to disconnect the distribution of alternating current voltages to said individual tenant units in response to actuation of an emergency shut-off switch located at a structure ground level. 2. The electrical power distribution system of claim 1 wherein said box enclosure is one of a weatherproof National Electrical Manufacturers Association-3 and plastic/composite fabrication of an ability to withstand UV radiation and excessive heat buildup. 3. The electrical power distribution system of claim 2 wherein said normally open override switch includes an electrical coil. 4. The electrical power distribution system of claim 3 wherein said box enclosure includes means for securing the box to one of an outside wall and roof location of said multi-tenant building structure. 5. The electrical power distribution system of claim 4 wherein said box enclosure also includes an openable weatherproof door for servicing components therein. 6. The electrical power distribution system of claim 5, also including a preassembled weatherproof light kit coupled to said box enclosure for servicing components within said box enclosure. 7. The electrical power distribution system of claim 6, wherein said box enclosure includes an air vent with weatherproof cover for dissipating heat buildup within said box enclosure. 8. The electrical power distribution system of claim 7, additionally including a ventilation fan with weatherproof cover coupled to said box enclosure for maintaining air flow within said box enclosure. 9. The electrical power distribution system of claim 8, further including a thermostatically controlled cooling fan coupled to said box enclosure for maintaining air flow within said box enclosure. 10. The electrical power distribution system of claim 9, including light emitting diodes coupled to said box enclosure to indicate ON/OFF conditions of operation of said box enclosure. 11. The electrical power distribution system of claim 10, including means coupled to said net metering units for providing externally of the safety box enclosure sources of data as to the amount of alternating current voltage utilized by each individual tenant unit of said multi-tenant building structure. 12. The electrical power distribution system of claim 11, including one of a single inverter and tap box, and a series of micro-inverters, coupled between the input terminals of said box enclosure and said roof-mounted solar panel or wind turbine generator. 