A method and device for insulation fault monitoring in ungrounded electrical networks. The method includes the following steps: measuring an insulation resistance, determining a responding value for the insulation resistance, and triggering a warning signal if the measured insulation resistance falls below the responding value, wherein the responding value is determined dynamically as a momentary responding value in a warning value establishment process downstream of the insulation resistance measurement.
Claims 1. A method for insulation fault monitoring in ungrounded electrical networks, said method comprising: measuring an insulation resistance, determining a responding value for the insulation resistance, and triggering a warning signal if the measured insulation resistance falls below the responding value, wherein the responding value is determined dynamically as a momentary responding value in a warning value establishment process downstream of the insulation resistance measurement. 2. The method according to claim 1, in which the momentary responding value is determined in the warning value establishment process as a function of a base value, of setting parameters, of ambient data, and of an insulation resistance value averaged over time. 3. The method according to claim 2, in which the base value (R.sub.B) is a specific, fixed value of the insulation resistance for the network to be monitored. 4. The method according to claim 2, in which the following parameters are used as setting parameters: a minimum responding value (R.sub.min) as a lower response limit value, an auxiliary value in the form of a responding value dynamic (R.sub.ADY) for defining a dynamic range in which the momentary responding value may change dynamically, and an auxiliary value in the form of responding value limits (R.sub.LIM) for determining a difference of the momentary responding value from the insulation resistance value averaged over time. 5. The method according to claim 2, in which the momentary responding value is determined starting from the base value (R.sub.B) by a correction according to the ambient data, wherein the momentary responding value adopts the minimum responding value (R.sub.min) at its minimum and the value in the form of a responding value dynamic (R.sub.ADY) at its maximum and, within this dynamic range, lies below the insulation resistance value averaged over time, at least by the difference of the responding value limits (R.sub.LIM). 6. The method according to claim 2, in which at least one of the following influencing variables are incorporated as ambient data into the warning value establishment process: time, light intensity, temperature, atmospheric moisture, dew, salt content of the air, speed of change of the insulation resistance, number of people present in the region of the electrical plant, and additionally, with use of the method in photovoltaic plants: electrical conductivity of the module glass surface, supplied voltage of the photovoltaic modules, electrical output of the photovoltaic modules. 7. The method according to claim 1, in which at least one of a visually perceptible signal and a acoustically perceptible signal of the monitoring state is generated according to the momentary responding value and informs whether plant or personal protection is ensured. 8. The method according to claim 1, in which the dynamic determination of the momentary responding value can be deactivated. 9. A device for insulation fault monitoring in ungrounded electrical networks, said device comprising: circuit measuring an insulation resistance a processor unit determining a responding value for the insulation resistance, wherein to determine the responding value, the processor unit has a warning value establishment unit downstream of the insulation resistance measurement to dynamically determine a momentary responding value; and a warning device triggering a warning signal. 10. The device according to claim 9, including an interface device for detecting ambient data. 