An apparatus for a photovoltaic system in which multiple poles are connectable with multiple fuses is provided. The apparatus includes a rotor configured to occupy at least first and second rotational angles, a disconnect unit including a plurality of interrupter housings respectively configured to connect at least one of the multiple poles with at least one of the multiple fuses in accordance with a rotational angle of the rotor, at least one of the plurality of the interrupter housings being mutually connectable, a transmission unit disposed and configured to electrically combine the multiple poles into a lesser number of the multiple poles, a housing sized to house the rotor, the disconnect unit and the transmission unit and an actuator arm disposed at the exterior of the housing and configured to be selectively actuated to cause the rotor to occupy the at least one of the rotational angles.
Claims 1. An apparatus for a photovoltaic system in which multiple poles are connectable with multiple fuses, the apparatus comprising: a rotor configured to occupy at least first and second rotational angles; a disconnect unit comprising a plurality of interrupter housings respectively configured to connect at least one of the multiple poles with at one of the multiple fuses in accordance with a rotational angle of the rotor, at least one of the plurality of the interrupter housings being mutually connectable; a transmission unit disposed and configured to electrically combine the multiple poles into a lesser number of the multiple poles such that respective amperages of the combined poles are additive; a housing sized to house the rotor, the disconnect unit and the transmission unit; and an actuator arm disposed at the exterior of the housing and configured to be selectively actuated to cause the rotor to occupy the at least one of the rotational angles. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the at least one of the plurality of the interrupter housings is respectively connectable with the housing. 3. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the at least one of the plurality of the interrupter housings comprises: an input lead, which is electrically coupled to a corresponding one of the multiple poles; and an outlet lead, which is electrically coupled to a corresponding one of the multiple fuses. 4. The apparatus according to claim 3, wherein the rotor comprises rotor blades extending radially outwardly such that, when the rotor occupies the first and second rotational angles, the rotor blades electrically couple and decouple the input and outlet leads, respectively. 5. The apparatus according to claim 4, wherein the rotor is configured to be non-removably insertible into the plurality of the interrupter housings of the disconnect unit at an insertion angle, which is different from the first and second rotational angles. 6. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the at least one of the plurality of the interrupter housings comprises complementary mating structures on opposite sides thereof 7. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the at least one of the plurality of the interrupter housings is slidably attachable to an adjacent one of the plurality of the interrupter housings. 8. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the actuator arm comprises a pin mechanism configured to prevent actuation of the actuator arm unless the pin mechanism is selectively actuated. 9. A photovoltaic system having multiple fuses, comprising: combiner boxes respectively coupled to groups of photovoltaic strings, each of the combiner boxes being configured to aggregate the electric current generated by the corresponding group of the photovoltaic strings into multiple poles; and a re-combiner box electrically disposed downstream from the combiner boxes, the re-combiner box comprising: a rotor configured to occupy at least first and second rotational angles; a disconnect unit comprising a plurality of interrupter housings respectively configured to connect at least one of the multiple poles with at least one of the multiple fuses in accordance with a rotational angle of the rotor, at least one of the plurality of the interrupter housings being mutually connectable; a transmission unit disposed and configured to electrically combine the multiple poles into a lesser number of the multiple poles such that respective amperages of the combined poles are additive; a housing sized to house the rotor, the disconnect unit and the transmission unit; and an actuator arm disposed at the exterior of the housing and configured to be selectively actuated to cause the rotor to occupy the at least one of the rotational angles. 10. The photovoltaic system according to claim 9, wherein at least one of the multiple poles has a unique amperage. 11. The photovoltaic system according to claim 9, wherein at least one of the multiple poles has a negative and a positive component, the transmission unit comprising: a first transmission unit, which is disposed and configured to electrically combine the negative components of the at least one of the multiple poles into a single pole; and a second transmission unit, which is disposed and configured to electrically combine the positive components of the at least one of the multiple poles into a single pole. 12. The photovoltaic system according to claim 9, further comprising an inverter electrically disposed downstream from the re-combiner box. 13. The photovoltaic system according to claim 9, wherein at least one of the plurality of the interrupter housings is respectively connectable with the housing. 14. The photovoltaic system according to claim 9, wherein at least one of the plurality of the interrupter housings comprises: an input lead, which is electrically coupled to a corresponding one of the multiple poles; and an outlet lead, which is electrically coupled to a corresponding one of the multiple fuses. 15. The photovoltaic system according to claim 14, wherein the rotor comprises rotor blades extending radially outwardly such that, when the rotor occupies first and second rotational angles, the rotor blades electrically couple and decouple the input and outlet leads, respectively. 16. The photovoltaic system according to claim 15, wherein the rotor is configured to be non-removably insertible into the interrupter housings of the disconnect unit at an insertion angle, which is different from the first and second rotational angles. 17. The photovoltaic system according to claim 9, wherein the at least one of the plurality of the interrupter housings comprises complementary mating structures on opposite sides thereof 18. The photovoltaic system according to claim 9, wherein the at least one of the plurality of the interrupter housings is slidably attachable to an adjacent one of the plurality of the interrupter housings. 19. The photovoltaic system according to claim 9, wherein the actuator arm comprises a pin mechanism configured to prevent actuation of the actuator arm unless the pin mechanism is selectively actuated. 20. A method of assembling a re-combiner box of a photovoltaic system, the method comprising: assembling individual interrupter housings; forming re-combiner box housings of varying widths; forming rotors of varying lengths; receiving an order for a re-combiner box configured to serve a given number of poles in the photovoltaic system; and assembling the re-combiner box with the given number of interrupter housings, a selected one of the re-combiner box housings selected as having a width in accordance with the given number of the interrupter housings and a selected one of the rotors selected as having a length in accordance with the given number of the interrupter housings. 21. The method according to claim 20, further comprising adding or subtracting a interrupter housing to or from the re-combiner box one at a time. 22. The method according to claim 20, further comprising replacing the re-combiner box housing or the rotor with a re-combiner box housing or rotor of different width or length, respectively. 