A junction box for a photovoltaic module is provided. The junction includes a housing and a base. The housing is prepared from a first material. The base is provided in the housing and configured to mount an electronic device. The base is prepared from a second material. With the housing and the base being separated from each other and made of different materials, the junction box meets the design requirements regarding a system voltage range of 600-1,000V according to UL.
Claims 1. A junction box for a photovoltaic module, comprising: a housing made from a first material; and a base made from a second material, located in the housing, and configured to mount an electronic device. 2. The junction box according to claim 1, wherein the second material has a higher voltage rating than the first material. 3. The junction box according to claim 2, wherein the first material is thermoplastic. 4. The junction box according to claim 3, wherein the second material is a thermoset. 5. The junction box according to claim 4, wherein the electronic device is an electrical connection assembly secured to the base through an over-mold process. 6. The junction box according to claim 5, wherein the electrical connection assembly is electrically connected to a cable of the photovoltaic module and to a bus bar for an external electronic device respectively. 7. The junction box according to claim 4, wherein the electronic device includes a pair of electrical connection assemblies secured to the base through an over-mold process and a diode positioned and connected between the pair of electrical connection assemblies. 8. The junction box according to claim 7, wherein the pair of electrical connection assemblies are electrically connected with a cable of the photovoltaic module and a bus bar for an external electronic device respectively. 9. The junction box according to claim 8, wherein the pair of electrical connection assemblies are electrically connected with two bus bars for two external electronic devices respectively. 10. The junction box according to claim 9, wherein the base includes a first base portion and a second base portion. 11. The junction box according to claim 10, wherein a first electrical connection assembly of the pair of electrical connection assemblies is secured to the first base portion and a second electrical connection assembly of the pair of electrical connection assemblies is secured to the second base portion. 12. The junction box according claim 11, further comprising a plurality of positioning pieces protruding from the housing and arranged into upper and lower rows. 13. The junction box according claim 12, further comprising a base receiving space defined by the plurality of positioning pieces arranged into upper and lowers rows. 14. The junction box according claim 13, wherein a side portion of the base is insertable into the base receiving space to position the base in the housing. 15. The junction box according to claim 14, further comprising a sealing gel within the housing and over the electronic device. 16. The junction box according to claim 15, further comprising a cover connected to the housing. 17. The junction box according to claim 16, wherein the cover connects to the housing in a snap-fit manner. 18. The junction box according to claim 16, further comprising an annular partition wall positioned inside the housing and away from an inner wall of the housing. 19. The junction box according to claim 18, wherein the cover includes an annular protrusion along an inner side thereof. 20. The junction box according to claim 19, wherein the annular protrusion corresponds with the annular partition wall such that the annular partition wall sealingly engages the annular protrusion when the cover is positioned on top of the housing. 21. The junction box according to claim 20, further comprising an annular groove along an upper part of the annular partition wall which receives the annular protrusion when the cover is positioned on top of the housing. 22. The junction box according to claim 20, wherein the annular partition wall is connected with the annular protrusion by the sealing gel. 23. The junction box according to claim 20, further comprising a plurality of supporting ribs positioned in a gap between the annular partition wall and the inner wall. 24. The junction box according to claim 16, wherein the cover is connected to the housing by ultrasonic welding. 25. The junction box according to claim 4, further comprising a cover connected to the housing. 26. The junction box according to claim 25, wherein the cover connects to the housing in a snap-fit manner. 27. The junction box according to claim 25, further comprising an annular partition wall position inside the housing and away from an inner wall of the housing. 28. The junction box according to claim 27, wherein the cover includes an annular protrusion along an inner side thereof. 29. The junction box according to claim 28, wherein the annular protrusion corresponds with the annular partition wall such that the annular partition wall sealingly engages the annular protrusion when the cover is positioned on top of the housing. 30. The junction box according to claim 29, further comprising an annular groove along an upper part of the annular partition wall. 31. The junction box according to claim 30, wherein the annular groove receives the annular protrusion when the cover is positioned on top of the housing. 32. The junction box according to claim 30, further comprising a plurality of supporting ribs positioned in a gap between the annular partition wall and the inner wall. 33. The junction box according to claim 24, wherein the cover is connected to the housing by ultrasonic welding. 34. The junction box according to claim 4, wherein the electronic device includes a pair of electrical connection assemblies provided in parallel to the base. 35. The junction box according to claim 34, wherein the electronic device further includes a diode connected between the pair of electrical connection assemblies. 36. The junction box according to claim 35, wherein each electrical connection assembly of the pair of electrical connection assemblies is connected to a cable connected to the photovoltaic module. 37. The junction box according to claim 34, further comprising a plurality of barbs positioned on a bottom of the housing and protruding towards inside of the housing. 38. The junction box according to claim 37, wherein the base is positioned in the housing and secured by a snap fit connection by the plurality of barbs. 39. The junction box according to claim 38, wherein the base includes a plurality of protrusions that correspond and engage with the plurality of barbs. 40. The junction box according to claim 36, further comprising a plurality of positioning pieces protruding from an inner wall of the housing. 41. The junction box according to claim 40, wherein the base includes a first side portion that is keyed to fit with the plurality of positioning pieces. 42. The junction box according to claim 40, wherein the base includes a pair of first side portions and a pair of second side portions. 43. The junction box according to claim 42, wherein a part of each of the pair of first side portions is adapted to be inserted into a space defined by the plurality of positioning pieces. 44. The junction box according to claim 43, further comprising a pair of notches formed along the pair of first side portions respectively. 45. The junction box according to claim 44, wherein the plurality of positioning pieces include a pair of mounting and positioning pieces corresponding with the pair of notches. 46. The junction box according to claim 45, wherein each of the pair of mounting and positioning pieces extend respectively on two opposite inner walls of the housing and are adapted to be slid within the pair of notches. 47. The junction box according to claim 46, wherein the plurality of positioning pieces further include a pair of elastic positioning pieces along an outer side of one of the pair of second side portions. 48. The junction box according to claim 4, wherein the housing includes an adapter for securing a cable of the photovoltaic module. 49. The junction box according to claim 48, wherein the adapter includes a recess provided therein. 50. The junction box according to claim 49, wherein the cable includes a clamp having a tab protruding outwards and radially from the clamp and being fit in the recess. 