A method and a device recognizes mechanical impacts upon electrical installations. The device includes a functional electrical connection with a power supply network or a storage medium. At least one signal is recorded on the functional electrical connection in order to recognize the mechanical impact. Advantageously, the device can be incorporated into a photovoltaic installation with at least one solar current module.
Claims 1. A method for recognizing mechanical impacts on electrical installations which comprise a functional electrical connection with a power supply network or a storage medium, said method comprising: recording at least one signal on the functional electrical connection to recognize a mechanical impact. 2. The method according to claim 1, in which recognition of the mechanic impact is effected by comparing an actual value of the recorded signal or an actual value of variables derived therefrom with a required value. 3. The method according to claim 1, in which a sharp change in the actual value is utilised as a recognition criterion for a mechanical impact. 4. The method according to claims 1, in which a rate of change in the actual value is utilised as a recognition criterion for a mechanical impact. 5. The method according to claim 1, in which an alarm signal is generated upon recognition of a mechanical impact. 6. The method according to claim 5, in which the alarm signal is transmitted remotely. 7. The method according to claim 1, including continuously monitoring said at least one signal for recognizing mechanical impacts. 8. The method according to claim 1, including monitoring a ground connection (E) of a device carrying out the method is monitored. 9. The method according to claim 1, in which recording the at least one signal is a cyclical operation. 10. The method according to claim 1, in which recording the at least one signal is a temporary activation. 11. A device for recognizing mechanical impacts on electrical installations said device comprises: a functional electrical connection with at least one of a power supply network and a storage medium; and a recording unit coupled with the functional electrical connection and recording at least one signal on the functional electrical connection. 12. The device according to claim 1, including a detection unit comparing an actual value of the recorded signal or an actual value of variables derived therefrom with a required value, wherein upon recognition of a mechanical impact in view of the value comparison generates an alarm signal. 13. The device according to claim 11, including a transmission unit transmitting the alarm signal remotely. 14. The device according to claim 11, including a unit for continuous self-monitoring for said at least one signal. 15. The device according to claim 11, in which the recording unit records signals indicative of an actual value of an insulation resistance. 16. The device according to claim 11, in which the recording unit records signals indicative of an electrical arc. 17. A photovoltaic installation (PV) with at least one solar current module (SLM) and with a device according to claim 11. 