Photovoltaic array performance monitoring is disclosed herein. A photovoltaic array performance monitoring system may include a data acquisition unit coupled with reference and ambient photovoltaic panels. The reference photovoltaic panel is equipped with a soiling removal unit which periodically removes deposited soiling materials from an active photovoltaic collection area of the reference photovoltaic panel. The ambient photovoltaic panel accumulates light obscuring soiling materials at a rate approximately equal to those of a proximate photovoltaic array. The data acquisition unit periodically sends electrical energy measurements of the reference and ambient photovoltaic panels to a computing system. Over time, the electrical energy output differential between the reference and ambient photovoltaic panels exceeds a predetermined threshold. The computing system evaluates the electrical energy measurements and determines when it would be cost-effective to clean the photovoltaic array. The result is output in a human cognizable format and/or a machine readable format.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic array performance monitoring system comprising: a data acquisition unit having a reference electrical input and an ambient electrical input, the reference input adapted to receive electrical energy generated by a reference photovoltaic panel, the reference photovoltaic panel including a soiling removal unit configured to remove deposited soiling materials from an active photovoltaic collection area of the reference photovoltaic panel; the ambient input adapted to receive electrical energy generated by an ambient photovoltaic panel, the ambient photovoltaic panel being disposed in proximity to the reference photovoltaic panel such that a spatial distribution of the soiling materials is approximately equal upon the active photovoltaic collection area of the reference and ambient photovoltaic panels; the data acquisition unit including a processor and a memory functionally coupled thereto, the memory including instructions which when executed by the processor cause the processor to: regularly initiate the soiling removal unit cleaning the reference photovoltaic panel; periodically measure the electrical energy incident upon the reference and ambient inputs; encode indicia of the measured electrical energy of the reference and ambient inputs into a communications protocol; and, transmit the encoded indicia of the electrical energy measurements to a computing system communicatively coupled with the data acquisition unit. 2. The photovoltaic array performance monitoring system of claim 1 wherein the reference and ambient photovoltaic panels are disposed in proximity to the photovoltaic array such that a spatial distribution of the soiling materials are approximately equal upon active photovoltaic collection areas of the reference and ambient photovoltaic panels and at least a portion of photovoltaic collection areas of the photovoltaic array. 3. The photovoltaic array performance monitoring system of claim 1 wherein the data acquisition unit further comprises: a control circuit coupled to the soiling removal unit, the control circuit to cause the soiling removal unit at predetermined time intervals to remove deposited soiling materials from the active photovoltaic collection area of the reference photovoltaic panel. 4. The photovoltaic array performance monitoring system of claim 3 wherein the soiling removal unit comprises: a pump; a reservoir in fluidic communication with a suction side of the pump; a spray nozzle in fluidic communication with a discharge side of the pump; an electromechanical interface functionally coupled to the control circuit and the pump, the electromechanical interface adapted to operate the pump when activated by the control circuit. 5. The photovoltaic array performance monitoring system of claim 4 wherein the reservoir contains a cleaning fluid which is drawn into the pump during pump operation and discharged through the spray nozzle onto the active photovoltaic collection area of the reference photovoltaic panel. 6. The photovoltaic array performance monitoring system of claim 1 wherein the data acquisition unit further comprises: a communications interface functionally coupled to the processor to enable the data acquisition unit to transmit the encoded electrical energy measurements over a communications network. 7. The photovoltaic array performance monitoring system of claim 1 wherein the computing system comprises: a main memory having instructions which when executed by a central processing unit, cause the central processing unit to: prepare electrical differential data from the encoded indicia of electrical energy measurements, the electrical differential data having a functional relationship with data representing temporal changes in revenue derived from sales of electrical energy produced by the photovoltaic array; compare the data representing temporal changes in revenue with data representing remediation costs to remove the soiling from the photovoltaic array; and output a message in a human cognizable or machine readable format when removal of deposited soiling materials is cost effective relative to a decline in revenue due to soiling of the photovoltaic array. 8. A photovoltaic array performance monitoring system comprising: a data acquisition unit comprising: a reference input adapted to receive electrical energy generated by a reference photovoltaic panel, the reference photovoltaic panel including a soiling removal unit adapted to remove deposited soiling materials from an active photovoltaic collection area of the reference photovoltaic panel; an ambient input adapted to receive electrical energy generated by an ambient photovoltaic panel, the ambient photovoltaic panel being disposed in proximity to the reference photovoltaic panel such that a spatial distribution of the soiling materials are approximately equal upon the active photovoltaic collection area of the reference photovoltaic panel and an active photovoltaic collection area of the ambient photovoltaic panel; a processor; an analog to digital converter functionally coupled to the processor and the reference and ambient inputs; a communications interface functionally coupled to the processor to enable the data acquisition unit to transmit data over an operatively coupled communications network; a memory functionally coupled to the processor, the memory including instructions which when executed by the processor cause the processor to: regularly initiate the soiling removal unit cleaning the reference photovoltaic panel; periodically measure the electrical energy incident upon the reference and ambient inputs; encode indicia of the measured electrical energy of the reference and ambient inputs into a communications protocol; and transmit the encoded indicia of the electrical energy measurements over the communications network to a computing system. 9. The photovoltaic array performance monitoring system of claim 8 further comprising a computing system, wherein the computing system comprises: a main memory having instructions which when executed by a central processing unit, cause the central processing unit to: prepare electrical differential data from the encoded indicia of electrical energy measurements, the electrical differential data having a functional relationship with data representing temporal changes in revenue derived from sales of electrical energy produced by the photovoltaic array; compare the data representing temporal changes in revenue with data representing remediation costs to remove the soiling from the photovoltaic array; and, output a message in a human cognizable or machine readable format when removal of deposited soiling materials is cost effective relative to a decline in revenue due to soiling of the photovoltaic array. 10. The photovoltaic array performance monitoring system of claim 9 wherein cost effective represents a financial cost of lost revenue due to soiling of the photovoltaic array that is equal to or greater than an remediation cost to remove soiling from the photovoltaic array. 11. The photovoltaic array performance monitoring system of claim 8 wherein the reference and ambient photovoltaic panels are disposed in proximity to the photovoltaic array such that a spatial distribution of the soiling materials are approximately equal upon the active photovoltaic collection areas of the reference and ambient photovoltaic panels and further representative of members of the photovoltaic array. 12. The photovoltaic array performance monitoring system of claim 8 wherein the data acquisition unit further comprises: an analog to digital converter functionally coupled to the processor and the reference and ambient inputs. 13. The photovoltaic array performance monitoring system of claim 8 wherein the soiling removal unit comprises: a control circuit coupled with the processor; a pump; a reservoir in fluidic communication with a suction side of the pump; a spray nozzle in fluidic communication with a discharge side of the pump; an electromechanical interface functionally coupled to the control circuit and the pump, the electromechanical interface adapted to operate the pump when triggered by the control circuit. 14. The photovoltaic array performance monitoring system of claim 13 wherein the reservoir contains a cleaning fluid which is drawn into the pump during pump operation and discharged through the spray nozzle onto the active photovoltaic collection area of the reference photovoltaic panel. 15. A computer implemented process for monitoring photovoltaic array performance comprising: providing a data acquisition unit having a reference electrical input and an ambient electrical input, the reference input adapted to receive electrical energy generated by a reference photovoltaic panel, the reference photovoltaic panel including soiling removal unit for removing deposited soiling materials from an active photovoltaic collection area of the reference photovoltaic panel; the ambient input adapted to receive electrical energy generated by a ambient photovoltaic panel, the ambient photovoltaic panel being disposed in proximity to the reference photovoltaic panel such that a spatial distribution of the soiling materials are approximately equal upon the active photovoltaic collection area of the reference and ambient photovoltaic panels; the data acquisition unit including a processor and a memory functionally coupled thereto, the memory including instructions which when executed by the processor cause the processor to implement the computer implemented process comprising: periodically measuring the electrical energy incident upon the reference and ambient inputs; encoding indicia of the measured electrical energy of the reference and ambient inputs into a communications protocol; and, transmitting the encoded indicia of the electrical energy measurements to a computing system communicatively coupled with the data acquisition unit. 16. The computer implemented process of claim 15 further comprising: determining by the computing system, electrical differential data from the encoded indicia of electrical energy measurements, the electrical differential data having a functional relationship with data representing temporal changes in revenue derived from sales of electrical energy produced by the photovoltaic array; comparing the data representing temporal changes in revenue with data representing remediation costs to remove the soiling from the photovoltaic array; and, outputting a message in a human cognizable or machine readable format when removal of deposited soiling materials is cost effective relative to a decline in revenue due to soiling of the photovoltaic array. 17. The computer implemented process of claim 15 further comprising: periodically activating a control circuit for a predetermined duration, the control circuit being functionally coupled to a soiling removal unit; wherein activating the control circuit causes the soiling removal unit to remove soiling materials deposited upon the active photovoltaic collection area of the reference photovoltaic panel. 18. The computer implemented process of claim 15 wherein the reference and ambient photovoltaic panels are disposed in proximity to the photovoltaic array such that a spatial distribution of the soiling materials are approximately equal upon the active photovoltaic collection areas of the reference and ambient photovoltaic panels and those of the photovoltaic array. 19. The computer implemented process of claim 17 wherein the soiling removal unit comprises: a pump; a reservoir in fluidic communication with a suction side of the pump; a spray nozzle in fluidic communication with a discharge side of the pump; an electromechanical interface functionally coupled to the control circuit and the pump, the electromechanical interface adapted to operate the pump when activated by the control circuit. 20. The computer implemented process of claim 19 wherein the reservoir contains a cleaning fluid which is drawn into the pump during pump operation and discharged through the spray nozzle onto a transparent surface superjacent to the active photovoltaic collection area of the reference photovoltaic panel. 