A method of concentrated photovoltaic (CPV) packaging of a semiconductor solar cell for converting solar energy into electricity. The method includes affixing a photovoltaic device to a laminated substrate structure that is obtained by an additive or subtractive lamination process, attaching a photovoltaic device to a mounting paddle of the laminated substrate structure, connecting wire bonding of the photovoltaic device to leads of the laminated substrate structure, and applying overmold material to affix the photovoltaic device to the mounting paddle. During the application of the overmold material, a portion of the photovoltaic device is exposed to allow for the collection of the solar energy.
Claims 1. A method of packaging a semiconductor solar cell that converts solar energy into electricity, the method comprising: laminating an electrically insulative film to a metal substrate having a mounting paddle and two or more leads to thereby define a laminated structure, the metal substrate being positioned so that the mounting paddle separates from each of the two or more leads prior to being laminated to the electrically insulative film; attaching a photovoltaic device to the mounting paddle of the laminated structure, wire bonding operatively connecting the photovoltaic device to the two or more leads; and applying over material to affix the photovoltaic device to the mounting paddle of the laminated structure, the overmold material being applied such that a predetermined portion of the photovoltaic device is exposed to thereby allow the photovoltaic device to collect the solar energy. 2. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the electrically insulative film is selected from a group consisting of at least one of a thermally conductive film and a flex circuitry type polyimide film. 3. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the electrically insulative film includes a flex circuitry type polyimide film, the flex circuitry type polyimide film being plated with a metallic material to thereby enhance thermal properties of the flex circuitry type polyimide film. 4. A method as defined in claim 3, wherein the metallic material includes a copper alloy having one or more materials selected from a group consisting of nickel, manganese, cobalt, phosphorus, zirconium, silicon, silver, zinc, and iron. 5. A method as defined in claim 1: wherein the laminated structure includes the electrically insulative film, the metal substrate bonded to a surface of the electrically insulative film, and a supporting copper sheet layer bonded to an opposite surface of the electrically insulative film, and wherein the electrically insulative film is a polyimide sheet layer and the metal substrate is a copper sheet layer; and wherein the mounting paddle is separated from each of the two or more leads by etching away material from the copper sheet layer to thereby define the mounting paddle and the two or more leads. 6. A method as defined in claim 5, further comprising attaching a bypass diode to the mounting paddle of the metal substrate. 7. A method as defined in claim 5, further comprising etching away additional material from the copper sheet layer to form a copper-free border surrounding the mounting paddle and the two or more leads such that the polyimide sheet layer is exposed to thereby increase high potential values of the metal substrate. 8. A semiconductor solar cell package comprising: a laminated structure having: a leadframe including a mounting paddle and two or more leads and positioned so that the mounting paddle is separate from each of the two or more leads; and an electrically insulative film abuttingly contacting a bottom portion of the leadframe; a photovoltaic device recumbently supported by the mounting paddle of the laminated structure; wire bonding operatively connecting the photovoltaic device to the two or more leads of the laminated structure; overmold material positioned to affix the photovoltaic device to the mounting paddle of the laminated structure; and an opening positioned in the overmold material such that a predetermined portion of the photovoltaic device is exposed to thereby allow the photovoltaic device to collect solar energy. 9. A semiconductor solar cell package as defined in claim 8, wherein the electrically insulative film is selected from a group consisting of a thermally conductive film and a flex circuitry type polyimide film. 10. semiconductor solar cell package as defined in claim 8, wherein the electrically insulative film includes a flex circuitry type polyimide film, the flex circuitry type polyimide film being plated with a metallic material. 11. A semiconductor solar cell package as defined in claim 10, wherein the metallic material includes a copper alloy having one or more materials selected from a group consisting of nickel, manganese, cobalt, phosphorus, zirconium, silver, and iron. 12. A machine for packaging a semiconductor solar cell that converts solar energy into electricity, the machine comprising: a film device to convey an electrically insulative film under a lamination device; the lamination device to laminate the electrically insulative film to a leadframe having a mounting paddle and two or more leads to thereby define a laminated structure, the leadframe being positioned so that the mounting paddle separates from each of the two or more leads; a bonding component connected to the lamination device to attach a photovoltaic device to the mounting paddle of the laminated structure, the photovoltaic device having wire bonding that operably connects the photovoltaic device to the two or more leads; and a top mold connected to the lamination device to apply overmold material that affixes the photovoltaic device to the mounting paddle, the overmold material being applied such that a predetermined portion of the photovoltaic device is exposed to thereby allow the photovoltaic device to collect the solar energy. 13. A machine as defined in claim 12, further comprising: a removal device to remove the laminated structure from a bottom mold; and a singulation device to singulate a semiconductor solar cell package comprising the photovoltaic device from the laminated structure. 14. A machine as defined in claim 12, further comprising: a bottom mold positioned under the electrically insulative film when the lamination device laminates the electrically insulative film to the leadframe; and a drawdown device to draw the electrically insulative film down into an inner surface of the bottom mold prior to positioning the leadframe on the electrically insulative film. 15. A machine as defined in claim 14, wherein the top mold compresses the electrically insulative film under the leadframe such that intrusion of the electrically insulative film is reduced when applying the overmold material. 16. A machine as defined in claim 12, wherein the electrically insulative film includes a flex circuitry type polyimide film, the flex circuitry type polyimide film being plated with a metallic material. 17. A machine as defined in claim 16, wherein the metallic material includes a copper alloy having one or more materials selected from a group consisting of nickel, manganese, cobalt, phosphorus, zirconium, silicon, silver, and iron. 