Integrated solar modules are provided. In one example, a corner cap for coupling to a solar module is described. The solar module has a solar panel and a frame circumscribing the solar panel. The corner cap includes a first wall and a second wall. The first wall and the second wall define a corner angle substantially the same as an angle defined by a corner of the solar module. The corner cap includes a flange extending from the corner cap. The flange is configured for coupling the corner cap to a solar module.
Claims 1. A solar module comprising: a solar panel comprising a top surface, a bottom surface, and a first edge and a second edge extending between the top surface and the bottom surface, the first and second edges of the solar panel defining a first side and a second side of a corner; a frame coupled to the first and second edges of the solar panel and circumscribing the solar panel, the frame comprising: an inner surface adjacent the solar panel and an outer surface substantially parallel with and spaced from the inner surface; and a channel adjacent at least one of the first and second sides of the corner, the channel extending from the outer surface of the frame toward the inner surface; and a corner cap coupled to the outer surface of the frame adjacent the corner, the corner cap configured for at least one of protecting the corner and mounting the solar module to a mounting rail. 2. A solar module in accordance with claim 1, wherein the corner cap comprises: a first wall, the first wall extending in a plane substantially parallel to one of the first and second edges; a second wall, the second wall extending in a plane substantially parallel to one of the first and second edges, the first wall and the second wall defining an angle substantially the same as the corner angle; and a flange extending generally perpendicular from one of the first wall and the second wall, the flange coupled within the channel by an interference fit to couple the corner cap to the frame. 3. A solar module in accordance with claim 1, wherein the corner cap is monolithically formed. 4. A solar module in accordance with claim 1, wherein the corner cap is formed of an electrically conductive material. 5. A solar module in accordance with claim 2, wherein the channel extends around the first and second sides of the corner. 6. A solar module in accordance with claim 5, wherein the flange extends into the channel on the first and second sides of the corner. 7. A solar module in accordance with claim 1, wherein the corner cap comprises an aperture configured to receive a fastener, and the solar module further comprises a fastener extending through the aperture to the frame. 8. A solar module in accordance with claim 1, wherein the corner cap extends from about a bottom of the frame adjacent the bottom surface of the solar panel to a position below a top of the frame adjacent the top surface of the solar panel. 9. A solar module in accordance with claim 1, wherein the solar panel comprises a plurality of edges extending between the top surface and the bottom surface, the plurality of edges of the solar panel defining a plurality of corners, the solar module comprises a plurality of corner caps, and wherein each one of the plurality of corner caps is coupled to the frame adjacent a different one of the plurality of corners. 10. A corner cap for coupling to a solar module having a solar panel and a frame circumscribing the solar panel, the solar panel including a top surface, a bottom surface, and a plurality of edges extending between the top and bottom surfaces, the frame having an inner surface adjacent the plurality of edges of the solar panel, an outer spaced from the inner surface, and a channel extending from the outer surface of the frame toward the inner surface, the plurality of edges of defining a plurality of corners of the solar module, the corner cap comprising: a first wall; a second wall, the first wall and the second wall defining a corner angle substantially the same as an angle defined by one of the plurality of corners of the solar module; and a flange extending from at least one of the first and second walls, the flange configured for retention in the channel of the frame to couple the corner cap to the solar module adjacent one of the plurality of corners. 11. A corner cap in accordance with claim 10, wherein the flange is configured for coupling the corner cap to a solar module via interference fit. 12. A corner cap in accordance with claim 10, further comprising an aperture for receiving a fastener for coupling the corner cap to a solar module. 13. A corner cap in accordance with claim 10, wherein the corner cap is monolithically formed. 14. A corner cap in accordance with claim 13, wherein the corner cap is monolithically formed of a conductive material. 15. A corner cap in accordance with claim 15, wherein the conductive material comprises a metal. 16. A corner cap in accordance with claim 10, further comprising a ridge extending away from at least one of the first wall and the second wall, the ridge extending substantially in a same plane as the first or second wall, the ridge configured for mating engagement with a solar module mounting rail. 17. A corner cap in accordance with claim 10, wherein the flange extends along the first wall and the second wall. 18. A corner cap in accordance with claim 10, wherein the flange comprises a plurality of teeth extending generally perpendicular from the flange. 19. A method of installing a solar module, the solar module including a solar panel and a frame circumscribing the solar panel, the solar panel including a top surface, a bottom surface, and a plurality of edges extending between the top surface and the bottom surface, the frame coupled to the solar panel and defining a plurality of corners of the solar module, the method comprising: coupling a plurality of corner caps to the frame of the solar module, each corner cap coupled to the frame adjacent a different one of the plurality of corners of the solar module; positioning the solar module between a first mounting rail and a second mounting rail configured for supporting the solar module; and coupling a first of the plurality of corner caps to the first mounting rail with a grounding clip fastened to the first mounting rail. 20. A method in accordance with claim 19, wherein the coupling a first of the plurality of corner caps to the first mounting rail comprises mechanically and electrically coupling the first of the plurality of corner caps to the first mounting rail with the grounding clip. 21. A method in accordance with claim 19, further comprising coupling a second of the plurality of corner caps to the second mounting rail prior to coupling the first of the plurality of corner caps to the first mounting rail. 22. A method in accordance with claim 21, wherein coupling a second of the plurality of corner caps to the second mounting rail comprises mating engagement of the second of the plurality of corner caps with a channel in the second mounting rail. 23. A method in accordance with claim 22, wherein coupling a second of the plurality of corner caps to the second mounting rail comprises coupling the second of the plurality of corner caps to the second mounting rail without a grounding clip. 