A valet EVSE system employs a plurality of outlet stations which are configured with an electrical outlet and brackets for receiving a portable EVSE unit. The portable EVSE unit is configured to removably mount to the brackets and draw power from the electrical outlet. In one embodiment a given station is adapted to receive and supply power to two portable EVSE units. A housing is provided with a pivoted cover for securing the plug of the EVSE unit with the outlet disposed in the housing.
Claims 1. A valet EVSE system comprising: a plurality of outlet stations, each station comprising an electrical outlet and a pair of vertically spaced brackets; and a portable EVSE unit, said portable unit comprising a front panel, a rear panel, a power cable with a connector, and an electrical plug insertable in said outlet, said rear panel defining a slot and having an upper handle wherein said EVSE unit is suspendable by said brackets so that said slot receives one bracket and said other bracket engages and supports a lower portion of said rear panel, and said plug is electrically connectable with said outlet. 2. The valet EVSE system of claim 1 wherein said plug has a neutral pin and two power pins, said neutral pin being shorter than said power pins. 3. The valet EVSE system of claim 1 wherein there are two electrical outlets and two pairs of vertically spaced brackets. 4. The valet EVSE system of claim 3 further comprising a post and a pair of housings projecting from opposed sides of said post, each housing having an electrical outlet and a pivoted cover for said outlet. 5. The valet EVSE system of claim 4 wherein said plug may be connected to said outlet and secured by said pivoted cover. 6. The valet EVSE system of claim 1 wherein said portable EVSE has a barcode scanner. 7. A valet EVSE system comprising: a station comprising an electrical outlet and a pair of vertically spaced brackets; and a portable EVSE unit, said portable unit comprising a front panel, a rear panel, a power cable with a connector, and an electrical plug insertable in said outlet, said rear panel defining a slot and having an upper handle wherein said EVSE unit is suspendable by said brackets so that said slot receives one bracket and said other bracket engages and supports a lower portion of said rear panel, and said plug is electrically connectable with said outlet. 8. The valet EVSE system of claim 7 wherein said plug has a neutral pin and two power pins, said neutral pin being shorter than said power pins. 9. The valet EVSE system of claim 8 wherein there are two electrical outlets and two opposed pairs of vertically spaced brackets. 10. The valet EVSE system of claim 9 further comprising a post and a pair of housings projecting from opposed sides of said post, each housing having an electrical outlet and a pivoted cover for said outlet. 11. The valet EVSE system of claim 10 wherein said plug may be connected to said receptacle and secured by said pivoted cover. 12. The valet EVSE system of claim 7 wherein said portable EVSE has a barcode scanner. 13. The valet EVSE system of claim 10 further comprising a solar powered LED mounted at a top portion of the post. 14. A valet EVSE system comprising: a station comprising a housing for an electrical outlet and an upright structure mounting a first attachment assembly; and a portable EVSE unit, said portable unit comprising a front panel, a rear panel, and a power cable with a connector and an electrical plug insertable in said outlet, said rear panel having an upper handle and a second attachment assembly wherein said EVSE unit is suspendable in a stable upright relationship with said structure by engagement of said first attachment assembly and said second attachment assembly, and said plug is electrically connectable with said outlet. 15. The valet EVSE system of claim 14 wherein said plug has a neutral pin and two power pins, said neutral pin being shorter than said power pins. 16. The valet EVSE system of claim 14 wherein there are two electrical outlets and two opposed pairs of first and second attachment assemblies. 17. The valet EVSE system of claim 16 wherein said upright structure further comprises a post and a pair of housings project from opposed sides of said post, each housing having an electrical outlet and a pivoted cover for said outlet. 18. The valet EVSE system of claim 17 wherein said plug is connected to said outlet and secured to said housing by said pivoted cover. 19. The valet EVSE system of claim 14 wherein said portable EVSE has a barcode scanner. 20. The valet EVSE system of claim 14 further comprising a solar powered LED mounted at a top portion of the upright structure. 