The invention relates to a basic drive (1), which, by means of few manual actions, can be coupled securely and with an exact fit to desired modules (2) one or more times by means of a quick-acting closure (8, 8a), and which has different technical functions, ranging from the lifting functions by means of a spindle lift module (16), gas spring (60), electromagnetic locking mechanism (27), turning module (38), controller (14) and sensor module (54), through to the basic drive (1), to which a solar cell enclosure (42) may be attached.
Claims 1. A basic drive with coupleable module, wherein the basic drive comprises a motor, a transmission, a receiving profile and a cable insertion site, and the output shaft is sealed by means of seal to be water- and particle-proof and the contacted cable insertion site is sealed by means of seal to be water- and particle-proof, and the basic drive is coupleable with the module by means of the quick-acting closure, in a manner that is flush, centered, torsion-proof, and in that between the basic drive and quick-acting closure there is located a seal, or/and in that at least one filter with a channel is mounted on basic drive, or/and in that a contact location is present, or/and in that a seal, a filter, a channel and a coupling nut are mounted on the spindle lift module on the piston rod. 2. The basic drive with coupleable module according to claim 1, wherein a distance sensor with a distance measurement sensor and a contact stop are located between the basic drive and the module. 3. The basic drive with coupleable module according to claim 1, wherein a torsion-proofing pin is located on the basic drive, and in that the coupling nut includes a security screw. 4. The basic drive with coupleable module according to claim 1, wherein at least two flattened parts are located at the receiving profile, and in that the partial threads are located on the coupling nut, or in that a bayonet guide is mounted on the receiving profile, and in that a bayonet cam is mounted on the coupling nut. 5. The basic drive with coupleable module according to claim 1, wherein the receiving profile and coupling nut are able to glide into each other and are able to turn by less than a full rotation in order to couple and seal the basic drive and the module. 6. The basic drive with coupleable module according to claim 1, wherein a module comprises a transmission or/and includes a channel. 7. The basic drive with coupleable module according to claim 1, wherein a module includes a locking wheel, a lifting magnet, a locking pin, a contact stop and an emergency lock. 8. The basic drive with coupleable module according to claim 1, wherein a module includes a receptacle for two basic drives with one drive on an output shaft. 9. The basic drive with coupleable module according to claim 1, wherein a module includes a gear set for redirecting the torque to and/or a connecting gear with an upper part, a lower part, a turntable and an angular lock as well as a mounting eye. 10. The basic drive with coupleable module according to claim 1, wherein a module includes a receptacle in order to receive a roller or a rocket lever, and in that the roller can also be a gear. 11. The basic drive with coupleable module according to claim 1, wherein the housing of the basic drive and the housing of the module are manufactured completely of plastic. 12. The basic drive with coupleable module according to claim 1, wherein a solar cell envelope is mounted around the basic drive and the spindle lifting module or/and a concave mirror is mounted, in that the solar cell envelope is connected to a condenser or/and accumulator, and in that a remote control or/and sensors are connected to the current relay. 13. The basic drive with coupleable module according to claim 1, wherein the controller can be plugged in at the cable insertion site in a water-proof manner. 14. The basic drive with coupleable module according to claim 1, wherein a hose with a filter or/and a bellows are mounted at the cable insertion site or spindle lift module. 15. The basic drive with coupleable module according to claim 1, wherein the double carrier comprises the basic drive and the container, and in that a gas spring is integrated in the container that can be a compression spring or tension spring. 