A method of manufacturing a solar cell including providing a substrate, depositing a first electrode over the substrate and depositing at least one p-type semiconductor absorber layer over the first electrode. The p-type semiconductor absorber layer comprises a copper indium selenide (CIS) based alloy material. The method also includes depositing by reactive sputtering an n-type In-VI semiconductor layer over the at least one p-type semiconductor absorber layer and depositing a second electrode over the n-type In-VI semiconductor layer.
Claims 1. A method of manufacturing a solar cell, comprising: providing a substrate; depositing a first electrode over the substrate; depositing at least one p-type semiconductor absorber layer over the first electrode, wherein the p-type semiconductor absorber layer comprises a copper indium selenide (CIS) based alloy material; depositing by reactive sputtering an n-type In-VI semiconductor layer over the at least one p-type semiconductor absorber layer; and depositing a second electrode over the n-type In-VI semiconductor layer. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the n-type In-VI semiconductor layer comprises In.sub.2Se.sub.3, In.sub.2S.sub.3, In.sub.2(Se.sub.1-xS.sub.x).sub.3, (In.sub.2.+-.yZn.sub.1.+-.y)Se.sub.4, (In.sub.2.+-.yZn.sub.1.+-.y)S.sub.4 or (In.sub.2.+-.yZn.sub.1.+-.y)(Se.sub.1-xS.sub.x).sub.4, where 0<x<1, 0.ltoreq.y.ltoreq.1. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the n-type In-VI semiconductor layer comprises (In.sub.xZn.sub.1-x).sub.2+z(Se.sub.yS.sub.1-y).sub.3+z, wherein 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.1, 0.ltoreq.y.ltoreq.1, and 0.ltoreq.z.ltoreq.1. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising: forming buffer layer comprising a Zn metal layer or a Zn metal rich-Group VI element semiconductor layer between the absorber layer and the In-VI semiconductor layer; and annealing the solar cell to cause diffusion of Zn from the buffer layer into the at least one p-type semiconductor absorber layer to form a n-ZnSe semiconductor layer at an interface between the absorber layer and the In-VI semiconductor layer. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the first electrode comprises a first transition metal layer and an alkali element. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein the alkali element is selected from the group consisting of Li, Na, and K and the transition metal of the transition metal layer is selected from the group consisting of Mo, W, Ta, V, Ti, Nb, and Zr. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein: the transition metal comprises Mo; the alkali metal comprises Na; and the copper indium selenide (CIS) based alloy material comprises p-CIGS:Na. 8. The method of claim 2, wherein the S in the n-type In-VI layer is provided in a hydrogen containing gas. 9. The method of claim 1, further comprising controlling a composition of the n-type In-VI semiconductor layer by providing at least one of O.sub.2 or H.sub.2 into a reactive sputtering atmosphere to form a (In.sub.xZn.sub.1-x).sub.2+z (Se.sub.yS.sub.1-y).sub.3+z (O,H) layer, wherein 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.1 and 0.ltoreq.y.ltoreq.1. 10. The method of claim 1, further comprising monitoring a reactive sputtering atmosphere using plasma emission spectroscopy and controlling a composition of the reactive sputtering atmosphere based on the step of monitoring. 11. A method of manufacturing a solar cell, comprising: providing a substrate; depositing a first electrode over the substrate; depositing at least one p-type semiconductor absorber layer over the first electrode, wherein the p-type semiconductor absorber layer comprises a copper indium selenide (CIS) based alloy material; depositing by reactive sputtering a first (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer over the at least one p-type semiconductor absorber layer; depositing by reactive sputtering a second (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer over the first (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer, wherein a ratio of Group VI element to at least one of Group II or Group III elements in the first (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer is smaller than the ratio of Group VI element to at least one of Group II or Group III elements in the second (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer; and annealing the solar cell. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the first (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer is a Group VI element poor and the second (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer is stoichiometric. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the step of reactive sputtering the first (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer comprises sputtering in an sputtering atmosphere comprising a deficiency of Group VI element to form the Group VI element poor layer. 14. The method of claim 11, wherein the first (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer comprises at least one of Zn and In, and at least one of S and Se. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the second (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer comprises at least one of Zn and In, and at least one of S and Se. 16. The method of claim 11, further comprising: monitoring a reactive sputtering atmosphere using plasma emission spectroscopy; and controlling the reactive sputtering atmosphere by providing at least one of S, Se, Zn, In, O.sub.2 or H.sub.2 into the reactive sputtering atmosphere based on the step of monitoring during reactive sputtering of at least one of the first or the second (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer. 17. The method of claim 11, wherein: the step of depositing by reactive sputtering the first (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer over the at least one p-type semiconductor absorber layer comprises depositing a sulfur poor ZnS layer on a p-CIGS:Na layer; the step of depositing by reactive sputtering the second (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer over the first (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer comprises depositing a stoichiometric ZnS layer; and the step of annealing the solar cell causes diffusion of Zn from the first (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer into the at least one p-type semiconductor absorber layer and formation of a n-ZnSe semiconductor layer at an interface between a resulting zinc sulfide layer and p-CIGS:Na layer. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein: the step annealing further causes diffusion of Na from the p-CIGS:Na layer into the n-ZnSe layer such that the n-ZnSe layer comprises a ZnSe:Na layer; and the resulting zinc sulfide layer comprises a stoichiometric ZnS layer or a sulfur poor zinc sulfide sublayer located below a stoichiometric ZnS sublayer. 19. The method of claim 11, wherein the step of annealing the solar cell forms an n-type (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer on the at least one p-type semiconductor absorber layer. 20. A method of manufacturing a solar cell, comprising: providing a substrate; depositing a first electrode over the substrate; depositing at least one p-type semiconductor absorber layer over the first electrode, wherein the p-type semiconductor absorber layer comprises a copper indium selenide (CIS) based alloy material; depositing by reactive sputtering an n-type semiconductor layer over the at least one p-type semiconductor absorber layer; and depositing a second electrode over the n-type semiconductor layer. 21. A solar cell comprising: a substrate; a first electrode over the substrate; at least one p-type semiconductor absorber layer over the first electrode, wherein the p-type semiconductor absorber layer comprises a copper indium selenide (CIS) based alloy material; a first sodium doped n-type (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer on the at least one p-type semiconductor absorber layer; a second n-type (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer over the first n-type (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer; and a second electrode over the a second n-type (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer. 22. The solar cell of claim 21, wherein: the at least one p-type semiconductor absorber layer comprises p-CIGS:Na; the first n-type (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer comprises n-ZnSe:Na; and the second n-type (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer comprises n- Zn(S,Se). 23. The solar cell of claim 22, wherein the second n-type (II,III)-VI semiconductor layer comprises n-ZnS. 24. The solar cell of claim 23, further comprising a n-Zn.sub.1S.sub.1-x semiconductor layer between the n-ZnSe:Na and n-ZnS layers, wherein 0<x<0.3. 25. The solar cell of claim 21, wherein the first electrode comprises molybdenum containing sodium and the second electrode comprises a transparent conductive oxide selected from ZnO, ITO, AZO or a combination thereof. 