Carbon footprint management for structures is disclosed. In an example, a method includes determining a value of a first carbon footprint of the structure when operated at an existing demand for a first time period, and comparing the value of the first carbon footprint to a value of a prorated carbon cap of the structure for the first time period. If the first carbon footprint is less than or equal to the prorated carbon cap, the structure is operated for a second time period according to the existing demand or other demand that keeps a second carbon footprint of the structure below a prorated carbon cap for the second time period. Otherwise, the demand is adjusted to bring the second carbon footprint to approximate the prorated carbon cap for the second time period, and the structure is operated according to the adjusted demand for the second time period.
Claims 1. A method of managing carbon footprint of a structure, comprising: determining a value of a first carbon footprint of the structure when operated at an existing demand for a first time period; comparing the value of the first carbon footprint to a value of a prorated carbon cap of the structure for the first time period; and if the first carbon footprint is less than or equal to the prorated carbon cap for the first time period, operating the structure for a second time period subsequent to the first time period according to the existing demand or other demand that keeps a second carbon footprint of the structure below a prorated carbon cap for the second time period; or if the first carbon footprint exceeds the prorated carbon cap for the first time period, adjusting the demand of the structure to bring the second carbon footprint to approximate the value of the prorated carbon cap for the second time period, and operating the structure according to the adjusted demand for the second time period. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the structure is a data center, a commercial building, an office building, a fabrication facility, a factory or a residence. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the structure is a data center, and wherein the demand is an IT workload of the data center. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the IT workload of the structure is adjusted to meet the requirements of service level agreements of the data center. 5. The method of claim 3, comprising, if the first carbon footprint exceeds the prorated carbon cap for the first time period: adjusting a power cap of the structure to bring the second carbon footprint to approximate the value of the prorated carbon cap for the second time period; adjusting the IT workload to meet the adjusted power cap; and operating the structure according to the adjusted IT workload and adjusted power cap for the second time period. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising monitoring the second carbon footprint of the structure during operation for the second time period. 7. A method of managing carbon footprint of a structure, comprising: determining a value of a first carbon footprint of the structure operating at an existing demand for a first time period; comparing the value of the first carbon footprint to a value of a prorated carbon cap of the structure for the first time period; and if the first carbon footprint is less than or equal to the prorated carbon cap for the first time period, operating the structure for a second time period subsequent to the first time period according to the existing demand or other demand that keeps a second carbon footprint of the structure below a prorated carbon cap for the second time period; or if the first carbon footprint exceeds the prorated carbon cap for the first time period: adjusting the demand of the structure to a minimized demand for operation of the structure; sourcing a low carbon source to bring the second carbon footprint to approximate the value of the prorated carbon cap for the second time period; and operating the structure according to the adjusted demand and the sourced low carbon source for the second time period. 8. The method of claim 7, further comprising monitoring the second carbon footprint of the structure during operation for the second time period. 9. The method of claim 7, wherein the structure is a data center, a commercial building, an office building, a fabrication facility, a factory or a residence. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein the structure is a data center, and wherein the demand is an IT workload of the data center. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein the IT workload of the structure is adjusted to meet the requirements of service level agreements of the data center. 12. The method of claim 10, comprising, if the first carbon footprint exceeds the prorated carbon cap for the first time period: adjusting a power cap of the structure to bring the second carbon footprint to a minimized power cap for the second time period; adjusting the IT workload to a minimized IT workload that meets the minimized power cap; sourcing a low carbon source to bring the second carbon footprint to approximate the value of the prorated carbon cap for the second time period; and operating the structure according to the adjusted IT workload, the adjusted power cap and the sourced low carbon source for the second time period. 13. The method of claim 7, wherein the low carbon source is wind power, solar energy, geothermal energy, water power, biofuels or a micro-grid. 14. A carbon footprint management system for a structure, the system comprising: a memory for storing computer executable instructions; and a processing unit for accessing the memory and executing the computer executable instructions, the computer executable instructions comprising: a carbon footprint monitor; an emissions controller operatively associated with the carbon footprint monitor; and a resource manager operatively associated with the carbon monitor and emissions controller; wherein the carbon footprint monitor determines a value of a first carbon footprint of the structure when operated at an existing demand for a first time period; wherein the carbon footprint management system compares the value of the first carbon footprint to a value of a prorated carbon cap of the structure for the first time period; wherein, if the first carbon footprint is less than or equal to the prorated carbon cap for the first time period, the resource manager configures output of the emissions controller to operate the structure for a second time period subsequent to the first time period according to the existing demand or other demand that keeps a second carbon footprint of the structure below a prorated carbon cap for the second time period; and wherein, if the first carbon footprint exceeds the prorated carbon cap for the first time period, the resource manager configures output of the emissions controller to: adjust the demand of the structure to bring the second carbon footprint to approximate the value of the prorated carbon cap for the second time period; and operate the structure for the second time period according to the adjusted demand. 15. The carbon footprint management system of claim 14, wherein the structure is a data center, a commercial building, an office building, a fabrication facility, a factory or a residence. 16. The carbon footprint management system of claim 15, wherein the structure is a data center, and wherein the demand is an IT workload. 17. The carbon footprint management system of claim 16, further comprising a power controller, wherein, if the first carbon footprint exceeds the prorated carbon cap for the first time period, the power controller adjusts a power cap of the structure to bring the second carbon footprint to approximate the value of the prorated carbon cap for the second time period; and the resource manager configures output of the emissions controller to: adjust the IT workload to meet the adjusted power cap; and operate the structure according to the adjusted IT workload and adjusted power cap for the second time period. 18. The carbon footprint management system of claim 14, wherein the carbon footprint management system monitors the second carbon footprint of the structure during operation for the second time period. 19. A carbon footprint management system for a structure, the system comprising: a memory for storing computer executable instructions; and a processing unit for accessing the memory and executing the computer executable instructions, the computer executable instructions comprising: a carbon footprint monitor; an emissions controller operatively associated with the carbon footprint monitor; and a resource manager operatively associated with the emissions controller and the carbon footprint monitor; wherein the carbon footprint monitor determines a value of a first carbon footprint of the structure when operated at an existing demand for a first time period; wherein the carbon footprint management system compares the value of the first carbon footprint to a value of a prorated carbon cap of the structure for the first time period; wherein, if the first carbon footprint is less than or equal to the prorated carbon cap for the first time period, the resource manager configures output of the emissions controller to operate the structure for a second time period subsequent to the first time period according to the existing demand or other demand that keeps a second carbon footprint of the structure below a prorated carbon cap for the second time period; and wherein, if the carbon footprint exceeds the prorated carbon cap for the first time period, the resource manager configures output of the emissions controller to: adjust the demand of the structure to a minimized demand for operation of the structure; source a low carbon source to bring the second carbon footprint to approximate the prorated carbon cap for the second time period; and operate the structure according to the adjusted demand and the sourced low carbon source for the second time period. 20. The carbon footprint management system of claim 19, wherein the structure is a data center, a commercial building, an office building, a fabrication facility, a factory or a residence. 21. The carbon footprint management system of claim 20, wherein the structure is a data center, and wherein the demand is an IT workload. 22. The carbon footprint management system of claim 21, further comprising a power controller, wherein, if the first carbon footprint exceeds the prorated carbon cap for the first time period, the power controller adjusts a power cap of the structure to a minimized power cap for operation of the structure; and the resource manager configures output of the emissions controller to: adjust the IT workload to a minimized IT workload that meets the minimized power cap; and operate the structure according to the adjusted IT workload, minimized power cap, and the sourced low carbon source for the second time period. 23. The method of claim 19, wherein the low carbon source is wind power, solar energy, geothermal energy, water power, biofuels or a micro-grid. 