This invention is to control and monitor a solar module by optical communication using solar cells in the solar module as a receiver of the incoming optical signal. The optical communication is by way of solar cells in a solar module as sensors and/or receivers, and busbars of the solar module as conduits to transfer the incoming signal to a control circuitry. Such control includes, but is not limited to, on/off control of power output from a solar module, and such monitoring includes, but is not limited to, reading, data keeping and displaying current operating performance status of the solar module. With this invention, solar modules can be turned off and on without physically disconnecting and reconnecting wires. Such control and monitoring enables more efficient and accurate operation and maintenance of a solar power system of any size.
Claims 1. A method of controlling and monitoring solar modules by optical communication comprising steps of: transmitting an optical signal from a transmitter; receiving said optical signal at at least one solar cell in a solar panel, said solar cell and solar panel concurrently electrically connected to provide electric current to a power sink; propagating said received optical signal through busbars electrically engaged with said solar cell and said power sink to a processor; processing said received optical signal to execute a command on said solar panel. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein said command is selected from the group consisting of powering on said solar panel, powering off said solar panel, and outputting status information related to said solar panel. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising steps of: recording, at a storage device electrically connected to said solar panel, power output of said solar panel; determining, by way of said processor, an average power output over a period of time and storing said average power output to said storage device; and outputting stored information from said steps of recording and determining to a display upon receiving a command from said transmitter. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein electric current from said busbars passes through a band pass filter before passing to circuitry adapted to decode said transmitted optical signal. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein a blocking capacitor is placed inline with said band pass filter, said blocking filter eliminating DC electric current received from said busbars. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein said processor is powered by a battery and said command is stored in non-volatile memory, said command carried out only after said solar panel produces electrical current output above a threshold level required to execute said command. 7. An optical transmitter and receiver kit comprising: an optical transmitter configured to transmit coded pulses of light; a solar panel configured to convert light energy into electrical energy; an electrically powered device configured to receive said electrical energy and be operational based on said received electrical energy; at least one metal conduit between said solar panel and said electrically powered device; a decoder configured to receive at least part of said electrical energy from said solar panel by way of said metal conduit, detect said transmitted coded pulses of light, and determine a code comprised in said coded pulses of light; wherein a command is carried out by way of a processor receiving data from said decoder. 8. The optical transmitter and receiver kit of claim 7, wherein said solar panel receives said transmitted coded pulses of light which is passed through a band path filter after being converted to electrical energy and before being sent to said decoder. 9. The optical transmitter and receiver kit of claim 8, wherein operation of said electrically powered device using current received by said solar panel is simultaneously to both said receipt of said transmitted coded pules of light and decoding thereof. 10. The optical transmitter and receiver kit of claim 9, wherein said command is a power off command and said electrically powered device becomes non-operative. 11. The optical transmitter and receiver kit of claim 10, wherein operational is defined as carrying out intended functions which require connection to a power source. 12. The optical transmitter and receiver kit of claim 11, wherein said electrically powered device is a battery and said intended function requiring connection to a power source is charging of the battery. 13. The optical transmitter and receiver kit of claim 11, wherein said electrically powered device is a light and said intended function requiring connection to a power source is emitting photons. 14. The optical transmitter and receiver kit of claim 9, wherein said command is a power on command and said electrically powered device becomes operative. 15. The optical transmitter and receiver kit of claim 9, wherein said command is a status report command, and status information about said solar panel is exhibited on a display. 16. The optical transmitter and receiver kit of claim 7, wherein when electrical energy outputted from said solar panel is below a threshold, and said command is stored in non-volatile memory until electrical output passes above said threshold at a later time. 17. The optical transmitter and receiver of claim 16, wherein said threshold is defined as having enough electrical output from said solar panel to operate all control circuitry required to properly execute said command. 18. The optical transmitter and receiver of claim 7, wherein said transmitter sends a master code which must be verified by way of said processor before a command to be carried out is accepted. 