A method for monitoring of traffic patterns and securely processing events of violations of traffic regulations on at least one designated surface incorporating steps of positioning at least one mobile traffic monitoring and recording module arranged to monitor traffic on at least one designated surface, to detect events of potential violations of traffic regulations, to store information pertinent to the monitored traffic and detected events of potential violations of traffic regulations, and to transmit, using a secure wireless method, at least a portion of the stored information for further processing. The method also include establishing at least one traffic information processing center arranged to securely receive and process transmitted portion of the stored information, to process received portion of the stored information pertinent to traffic regulations violations, and to generate actionable portfolio of documents for communication to subjects having interest in the processed traffic regulations violations.
Claims 1. A method for monitoring of traffic patterns and securely processing events of violations of traffic regulations on at least one designated surface comprising: positioning in a proximity the at least one designated surface at least one mobile traffic monitoring and recording module arranged to monitor traffic supported by the at least one designated surface, to detect events of potential violations of traffic regulations, to store information pertinent to the monitored traffic and detected events of potential violations of traffic regulations, and to transmit, using a secure wireless method, at least a portion of the stored information for further processing; establishing at least one traffic information processing center arranged to securely receive and process transmitted portion of the stored information, to process received portion of the stored information pertinent to traffic regulations violations, and to generate actionable portfolio of documents for communication to subjects having interest in the processed traffic regulations violations; wherein the at least one mobile traffic monitoring and recording module stores recorded information pertinent to the monitored traffic and detected events of potential violations of traffic regulations into plurality of separate event folders each having at least one traffic image file and at least one identifier; and transmits at least a portion of the traffic image file and the pertinent identifier; and wherein the at least one traffic information processing center receives and stores the transmitted portion of the stored information for further processing into the actionable portfolio of documents, evaluates the received portion of the traffic image file and the at least one pertinent identifier, identifies likely events of traffic regulations violations, separates distinguishable markings out of the received portion of the traffic image file, obtains additional information connected to the separated distinguishable marking and the pertinent identifier, and generate plurality of files in the actionable portfolio of documents in a plurality of formats arranged for communication to the subjects having interest in the processed traffic regulations violations. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein information pertinent to the monitored traffic and detected events of potential violations of traffic regulations is stored on at least one local memory storing unit. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the at least one local memory storing unit is chosen from a group of storing devices consisting of hard disk, removable electromagnetic disk memory unit, removable electromagnetic tape memory unit, removable optical disk memory unit, removable external and internal solid state memory units, and combination units incorporating different combinations of listed devices. 4. The method of claim 2, wherein information pertinent to the monitored traffic and detected events of potential violations of traffic regulations is stored on the at least one local memory storing unit in the at least one event folder. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least one event folder includes at least two JPEG traffic image files and at least one identifier incorporates at least one text file and at least one XML file. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein the at least two JPEG traffic image files do not exceed 15 MB in total size, while the at least one text file and at least one XML file do not exceed 2 kB in total size. 7. The method of claim 5, wherein the portion of the stored information for further processing had been composed of at least a portion of the at least two JPEG traffic image files, at least a portion of the at least one XML file and at least a portion of the at least one text file. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein the portion of the stored information for further processing is communicated over a public computer network system using a secure FTP protocol. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the transmitted portion of the stored information for further processing is optimized for the secure wireless transmission such that the transmitted portion of the stored information for further processing does not include personal or privileged information. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the transmitted portion of the stored information for further processing is optimized for the secure wireless transmission such that the transmitted portion of the stored information for further processing does not exceed 5 MB in total size. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein at least one human classificator inspects the received portion of the traffic image file and the at least one pertinent identifier, classifies likely events of traffic regulations violations, marks at least one area of the portion of traffic image containing distinguishable markings or interrupts further processing when contents of the traffic image file and the at least one pertinent identifier have been determined insufficient for further processing. 12. The autonomous system for automated monitoring of traffic patterns configured to effectuate the method of claim 1, comprising: at least one mobile traffic monitoring and recording module arranged to be positioned in a proximity the at least one designated surface, to monitor traffic supported by the at least one designated surface, to detect events of potential violations of traffic regulations, to store information pertinent to the monitored traffic and detected events of potential violations of traffic regulations, and to transmit, using a secure wireless method, at least a portion of the stored information for further processing; at least one traffic information processing center arranged to securely receive and process transmitted portion of the stored information, to process received portion of the stored information pertinent to traffic regulations violations, and to generate actionable portfolio of documents for communication to subjects having interest in the processed traffic regulations violations; wherein the at least one mobile traffic monitoring and recording module stores recorded information pertinent to the monitored traffic and detected events of potential violations of traffic regulations into plurality of separate event folders each having at least one traffic image file and at least one identifier; and transmits at least a portion of the traffic image file and the pertinent identifier; and wherein the at least one traffic information processing center receives and stores the transmitted portion of the stored information for further processing into the actionable portfolio of documents, evaluates the received portion of the traffic image file and the at least one pertinent identifier, identifies likely events of traffic regulations violations, separates distinguishable markings out of the received portion of the traffic image file, obtains additional information connected to the separated distinguishable marking and the pertinent identifier, and generate plurality of files in the actionable portfolio of documents in a plurality of formats arranged for communication to the subjects having interest in the processed traffic regulations violations. 13. The autonomous system for automated monitoring of traffic patterns of claim 12, wherein the at least one autonomous source of electric energy includes a generator arranged such that a generator's noise intensity at a position separated by 20 ft. or more from the generator does not exceed 90 dB. 14. The autonomous system for automated monitoring of traffic patterns of claim 12, wherein the at least one autonomous source of electric energy includes at least one solar panel. 15. The autonomous system for automated monitoring of traffic patterns of claim 14, wherein the at least one solar panel is associated with at least one erector section. 16. The autonomous system for automated monitoring of traffic patterns of claim 12, wherein the at least one designated surface is a multiple lane roadway and the at least one mobile autonomous monitoring and recording module is arranged for a simultaneous uni-directional or bi-directional monitoring of at least two lanes of the multiple lane roadway. 17. The autonomous system for automated monitoring of traffic patterns of claim 12, wherein at least one designated surface includes at least two adjacent traffic lanes and the at least two speed measuring devices are arranged to simultaneously measure speeds of at least two separate vehicles traveling in the at least two adjacent traffic lanes. 18. The autonomous system for automated monitoring of traffic patterns of claim 12, comprising an onboard clock and a subsystem for clock calibration against a transmitted clock signal of a Global Positioning System (GPS) satellite system. 19. The autonomous system for automated monitoring of traffic patterns of claim 12, wherein, no part of the autonomous system for automated monitoring of traffic patterns is positioned on any of at least one designated surface, no wired connections are established between the autonomous system for automated monitoring of traffic patterns and either one of local power distribution systems, local traffic control system, and local water and sewer system, and no modification is performed on either one of local power distribution systems, local traffic control system, and local water and sewer system. 