The present disclosure relates to operating sun-tracking assemblies in response to one or more wind parameters or conditions. By judiciously reorienting one or more sun-tracking assemblies in response to detected or predicted wind conditions, the potential for wind- damage may be reduced. Some of the sun-tracking assemblies may act as a wind buffer for more fragile or sensitive components, thereby protecting them from damage. Such wind- sensitive components may be other sun-tracking assemblies arranged downwind from the reoriented assemblies. The downwind sun-tracking assemblies may continue to operate normally or substantially normally (i.e., to track the sun) despite the presence of the wind. During times of reduced or no wind, the sun-tracking assemblies may continue to track the sun until wind conditions require reorientation.
Claims 1. A method of operating a plurality of sun-tracking assemblies, the method comprising: at a first time, moving the plurality of sun-tracking assemblies along respective solar tracking paths so as to follow a movement of the sun; and at a second time, redirecting a first one of the plurality of sun-tracking assemblies away from its respective solar tracking path responsively to a wind condition while continuing to move a second one of the plurality of sun-tracking assemblies along its respective solar tracking path so as to follow the movement of the sun. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the redirected first one of the plurality of sun-tracking assemblies is: in a perimeter portion of a field of the sun-tracking assemblies, the redirecting being such that the redirected first one buffers one or more sun-tracking assemblies in an interior portion of the field from the wind, or proximal to a wind-sensitive component, the redirecting being such that the redirected first one buffers the wind-sensitive component from the wind. 3. (canceled) 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the plurality of sun-tracking assemblies are in a solar field, and the method further comprising, prior to the redirecting, selecting first ones of the plurality of sun-tracking assemblies in a portion of the solar field for the redirecting based on at least one of wind direction, wind speed, and changes in wind direction or wind speed, and the selected portion is a quadrant of the solar field based on cardinal directions. 5. (canceled) 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the plurality of sun-tracking assemblies are: heliostats in a solar field surrounding a solar tower, and the moving is such that insolation is reflected by the heliostats toward the tower, or the one or more sun-tracking assemblies are photovoltaic panels, and the moving is such that each panel directly faces the sun. 7. (canceled) 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the wind condition includes one of measured or predicted wind speed, measured or predicted change in wind speed, measured or predicted wind direction, and measured or predicted change in wind direction. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the redirecting is responsive to wind speed exceeding a predetermined threshold. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein, at the second time, 20% or less of the total number of the plurality of sun-tracking assemblies are redirected away from their respective solar tracking paths responsively to a wind condition while the remaining sun-tracking assemblies continue to move along their respective solar tracking paths. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the redirected first one of the plurality of sun-tracking assemblies: has a greater wind resistance than the second one of the plurality of sun-tracking assemblies, or the redirected first one of the plurality of sun-tracking assemblies is different in size or strength from the second one of the plurality of sun-tracking assemblies. 12. (canceled) 13. The method of claim 1, wherein the redirecting includes redirecting multiple first ones of the plurality of the sun-tracking assemblies away from their respective solar tracking paths, each of the redirected first ones having a different panel orientation from others of the redirected first ones, and the panel orientations of the redirected first ones are selected so as to reduce a magnitude of the wind downwind therefrom. 14. (canceled) 15. A method of operating a field of sun- tracking assemblies, the method comprising: reorienting a first portion of the field of sun-tracking assemblies away from respective solar tracking paths so as to buffer a second portion of the field from wind such that the second portion of the field can continue following their respective solar tracking paths, wherein the solar field includes at least 25 sun-tracking assemblies, the sun-tracking assemblies are one of heliostat reflectors and photovoltaic cells, the first portion of the field is a perimeter portion of the field, and the second portion of the field is an inner portion of the field, and the second portion of the field is downwind from the first portion of the field. 16-19. (canceled) 20. The method of claim 15, wherein the sun-tracking assemblies in the first portion of the field are structurally more robust than the sun-tracking assemblies in the second portion of the field. 21. The method of claim 15, wherein panels of the sun-tracking assemblies in the first portion of the field are reoriented to have a staggered orientation with respect to a direction of the wind. 22. The method of claim 15, wherein the reorienting is based on at least one of: spacing between adjacent sun-tracking assemblies, arrangement of adjacent sun-tracking assemblies with respect to wind direction, sizes of the sun-tracking assemblies, distance of each sun-tracking assembly from a solar target, and conditions of the field terrain. 23. The method of claim 15, wherein the reorienting includes modifying elevation angle and/or azimuth angle of a panel of one of the sun-tracking assemblies in the first portion by at least 15.degree.. 24. The method of claim 15, wherein said first portion comprises 20% or less of the number of sun-tracking assemblies in the field. 25. The method of claim 15, wherein at least 30% of the first portion sun-tracking assemblies are located in a perimeter portion of the field. 26. (canceled) 27. A sun-tracking system comprising: a field of sun-tracking assemblies; a wind monitoring module configured to detect or predict a wind condition, which includes at least one of wind speed, wind direction, and changes in wind speed or wind direction; and a control system coupled to the wind monitoring module so as to receive a signal therefrom indicative of the wind condition, the control system being further coupled to the field of sun-tracking assemblies to direct orientations thereof, wherein the control system is configured to control orientations of the sun-tracking assemblies in a first portion of the field responsively to the wind condition signal and to control orientations of the sun-tracking assemblies in a second portion of the field responsively to a location of the sun, the control system is further configured to control the orientations of the sun-tracking assemblies in a first portion of the field responsively to a location of the sun when the wind condition is below a predetermined threshold, the first portion is a perimeter portion of the field, and the second portion is downwind from the first portion, the sun-tracking assemblies are heliostat reflectors, solar dishes, or photovoltaic cells, and the field includes at least 25 sun-tracking assemblies. 28. The system of claim 27, further comprising a solar tower with a target therein, wherein the field of sun-tracking assemblies is configured to direct insolation at the target, the control system is configured to control the orientations of the sun-tracking assemblies in the second portion of the field so as to reflect insolation onto the target, and the target is one of a solar thermal receiver, a photovoltaic cell, or a mirror. 29-30. (canceled) 31. The system of claim 27, wherein at least one of the sun-tracking assemblies in the first portion of the field is more sturdy than at least one of the sun-tracking assemblies in the second portion of the field. 32-38. (canceled) 