The invention relates to a method and an apparatus for determining an actual insulation resistance R.sub.ISO in IT systems grounded with a functional grounding resistance R.sub.HRG, comprising constant insulation monitoring. In one embodiment of the invention, the functional grounding resistance R.sub.HRG is determined during the initial inspection of the IT system, determining a total insulation resistance R.sub.ges is carried out during the constant insulation monitoring, and the actual insulation resistance R.sub.ISO is determined during the operation of the IT system from the functional grounding resistance R.sub.HRG and the total insulation resistance R.sub.ges.
Claims 1. A method for determining an actual insulation resistance R.sub.ISO in IT systems grounded with a functional grounding resistance R.sub.HRG, said method comprising: determining a functional grounding resistance R.sub.HRG of an IT system during an initial inspection of the IT system, determining a total insulation resistance R.sub.ges during constant insulation monitoring, determining an actual insulation resistance R.sub.ISO from the functional grounding resistance R.sub.HRG and the total insulation resistance R.sub.ges during operation of the IT system. 2. The method according to claim 1, in which determining the actual insulation resistance R.sub.ISO is carried out according to the relation R.sub.ISO=1/(1/R.sub.HRG), which derives from a parallel connection of the measured functional grounding resistance R.sub.HRG with the actual insulation resistance R.sub.ISO to the measured total insulation resistance R.sub.ges. 3. The method according to claim 1, in which by determining the actual insulation resistance R.sub.ISO symmetric insulation resistance reductions are also detected. 4. The method according to claim 1, in which based on the determined actual insulation resistance R.sub.ISO, response levels for reporting an insulation fault and/or for switching off the IT system are set depending on the calculated actual insulation resistance R.sub.ISO specifically adapted to the installation and according to the operating conditions. 5. The method according claim 1, in which predetermined safety-related variables and/or warnings are optically and/or acoustically indicated by means of a signaling device. 6. The method according to claim 1, including adapting method parameters to the requirements of a photovoltaic installation implemented as a grounded direct current voltage IT system. 7. An electrical apparatus for determining an actual insulation resistance R.sub.ISO in an IT system ground with a functional grounding resistance R.sub.HRG, said electrical apparatus comprising: a device constantly monitoring insulation of an IT system; a device for determining functional grounding resistance R.sub.HRG of the IT system during an initial inspection of the IT system; and a device determining an actual insulation resistance R.sub.ISO from the functional grounding resistance R.sub.HRG and the total insulation resistance R.sub.ges. 8. The apparatus according to claim 7, including a signaling device optically and/or acoustically indicating predetermined safety-related variables and/or warnings. 9. The apparatus according to claim 8, in which the device constantly monitoring insulation, the device for determining the functional grounding resistance R.sub.HRG during an initial inspection, the device determining the actual insulation resistance R.sub.ISO, and the signaling device form one unit. 10. The apparatus according to claim 7, in which the IT system is a photovoltaic installation implemented as a grounded direct current voltage IT system. 