Systems and methods for a motor-driven curtain or blind assembly are provided. For example, in some embodiments the motor drive assembly includes a track, a lead runner, and a plurality of sensors. The track can have a plurality of coils that can be electrically activated to generate an electromagnetic field to cause the lead runner to slide along the track. The lead runner may include magnet housing with a magnet to interact with the electromagnetic field. In some embodiments, the plurality of sensors or switches can be disposed between the coils. The sensors can be configured to activate the electromagnetic field locally to cause the lead runner to slide along the track. Examples of the sensors or switches include, but are not limited to, a reed switch, a silicone magnetic switch, an optical switch, a mechanical limit switch, a proximity switch, a magnetic encoder, or an optical encoder.
Claims 1. An assembly comprising: a track having a plurality of coils fixed along the track, wherein the plurality of coils can be electrically activated to generate an electromagnetic field; a lead runner with a magnet housing configured to slide along the track; a plurality of sensors disposed between the plurality of coils, wherein the plurality of sensors are configured to activate the electromagnetic field to cause the lead runner to slide along the track. 2. The assembly of claim 1, further comprising a carrier assembly coupled to the magnet housing, wherein the carrier assembly includes one or more openings allowing a curtain to be attached. 3. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the plurality of coils are placed in pairs along the track to create alternating north and south poles. 4. The assembly of claim 1, further comprising a solar panel positioned to fit along a side of the track. 5. The assembly of claim 1, where the plurality of sensors include a reed switch, a silicone magnetic switch, an optical switch, a mechanical limit switch, a proximity switch, a magnetic encoder, or an optical encoder. 6. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the plurality of coils can be individually electrically activated. 7. The assembly of claim 1, further comprising a motor control unit having one or more control interfaces. 8. The assembly of claim 7, wherein the one or more control interfaces includes a WiFi interface or a radio frequency interface. 9. The assembly of claim 8, wherein the one or more control interfaces can receive instructions from a remote control or an application running on a computing device. 10. The assembly of claim 1, further comprising a WiFi transceiver to receive control signals. 11. A method comprising: receiving a control signal indicating a desired position of a lead runner along a track having affixed thereto a plurality of coils capable of being electrically activated to generate a local electromagnetic field; determining a current position of the lead runner along the track; and selectively activating a subset of the plurality of coils around the lead runner to generate the local electromagnetic field to move the lead runner to the desired position on the track. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the control signal is received using a WiFi interface or a radio frequency interface. 13. The method of claim 11, further comprising regulating velocity of the lead runner to a desired velocity. 14. The method of claim 11, further comprising generating a status signal indicating the current position of the lead runner and transmitting the status signal to a remote device. 15. An assembly comprising: a track having a plurality of coils fixed along the track, wherein the coils can be electrically activated to generate an electromagnetic field; a lead runner configured to slide along the track; a means for detecting a position of the lead runner along the track and for activating the electromagnetic field to cause the lead runner to move to a desired location on the track. 16. The assembly of claim 15, further comprising a means for regulating the velocity of the lead runner. 17. The assembly of claim 15, further comprising a power management module to monitor the power available from a rechargeable power store and from a power supply. 18. The assembly of claim 15, further comprising a carrier assembly coupled to the lead runner, wherein the carrier assembly includes one or more openings allowing a curtain to be attached. 19. The assembly of claim 15, wherein the plurality of coils are placed in pairs along the track to create alternating north and south poles. 20. The assembly of claim 15, further comprising a means for collecting and storing solar energy. 