The invention relates to a mirror module of a Fresnel Solar Collector System with a plurality of mirror elements pivotably mounted on a carrier plate and extending in parallel, which focus the sun light upon a receiver unit mounted above the mirror module in a raised position. The mirror elements are pivotably mounted on the carrier plate at least along longitudinal sections.
Claims 1. A mirror module of a Fresnel Solar Collector System with a plurality of mirror elements pivotably mounted in parallel on a carrier plate, which focus the sun light upon a receiver unit mounted above the mirror module in a raised position, wherein the mirror elements are pivotably mounted on the carrier plate at least along longitudinal sections. 2. The mirror module according to claim 1, wherein the mirror elements are pivotably mounted on the carrier plate at least substantially along their entire length. 3. The mirror module according to claim 1, wherein the pivotal mounting of the mirror elements is implemented as a film hinge. 4. The mirror module according to claim 1, wherein the mirror elements comprise a supporting element made up of a mirror supporting portion and a foot element connectable with the carrier plate, wherein the mirror supporting portion is connected with the foot element via the at least one integrated film hinge. 5. The mirror module according to claim 4, wherein the supporting element is a profile substantially consisting of plastic, wherein the mirror supporting portion comprises a T-shaped, L-shaped or triangular cross-section. 6. The mirror module according to claim 4, wherein on the side of the supporting element facing the sun a mirror surface is applied, which is implemented as a reflective coating, a glued-on reflective foil or a glass mirror. 7. The mirror module according to claim 6, wherein the mirror surface comprises a width, which at most corresponds to the diameter of the receiver unit. 8. The mirror module according to claim 1, wherein the carrier plate is implemented as a lightweight construction, comprising a material compound plate or a honeycomb core plate. 9. The mirror module according to claim 1, wherein the pivotable mirror elements are mechanically coupled together via at least one connecting unit and via the connecting unit can be made to track the sun with the aid of a drive. 10. The mirror module according to claim 9, wherein the mirror elements are aligned in parallel or normal to the longitudinal side of the carrier plate and together with the connecting unit and the drive form a prefabricated unit which can be transported. 11. The mirror module according to claim 1, wherein a gap is formed between mirror elements or on the side in at least two places as a channel for a cleaning carriage on the carrier plate. 12. The mirror module according to claim 1, wherein an additional light-transparent covering of glass or plastic is attached above the mirror elements for protecting the mirror elements against adverse weather conditions. 13. The mirror module according to claim 1, wherein the carrier plate comprises fixing elements on supports for quick attachment and subsequent fine adjustment. 14. The mirror module according to claim 1, wherein the carrier plate comprises an edge strip on at least two of its sides protruding beyond the mirror elements. 15. The mirror module according to claim 14, wherein the upper or lower edges of the edge strips comprise pins or pimples and corresponding recesses such that several mirror modules can be stacked one upon the other and be secure against slippage. 16. The mirror module according to claim 14, wherein lugs and handles are arranged on the edge strips, enabling lifting tools to be attached for transport and assembly, and for ancillary manual positioning to be possible. 17. The mirror module according to claim 14, wherein the edge strips comprise channels for receiving a cleaning carriage. 18. A method for manufacturing a mirror module of a Fresnel Solar Collector System with a plurality of mirror elements pivotably mounted in parallel on a carrier plate, which focus the sun light upon a receiver unit mounted above the mirror module in a raised position, with mirror supporting portions of triangular cross-section, wherein a plate is provided at defined intervals with several kinks extending in parallel such that connected-together mirror supporting portions triangular in cross-section including integrated film hinges and foot elements are formed by folding and pushing together, wherein the mirror elements formed in this way are provided with mirror surfaces and attached on a carrier plate. 19. The method according to claim 18, wherein the plate consists substantially of plastic, fibre-reinforced plastic or cardboard strengthened by hardening agents. 