This plant for manufacturing a rigid pipe for drawing up deep water for a marine thermal energy plant is characterized in that it comprises a floating platform on which there is installed a continuous production device in the vertical axis of the pipe, including a first stage of winding webs of fibers impregnated with resin about a winding roll for the partial crosslinking thereof, said wall being formed by modular elements in the form of plates, which are connected together so as to form a strip that moves in a spiral and repeating in the upper part of the roll so as to form a winding surface for the webs.
Claims 1-7. (canceled) 8. A plant for manufacturing a rigid pipe for drawing up deep water for a marine thermal energy facility, comprising: a floating platform, a continuous production device installed in a vertical axis of the pipe on the floating platform, and comprising a first stage of winding webs of fibers impregnated with resin around a winding roll for the partial crosslinking thereof, formed by modular elements in the form of plates connected together so as to form a strip moving in a spiral and repeating in the upper portion of the roll so as to form a winding surface for the webs. 9. The plant for manufacturing a rigid pipe for drawing up water as recited in claim 8 wherein each modular element assumes the form of a plate. 10. The plant for manufacturing a rigid pipe for drawing up water as recited in claim 8 further comprising: a second stage of complete crosslinking of the resin; a third stage of mounting functional members on the pipe; a fourth stage of inspecting the pipe thus manufactured; and a fifth stage of guiding the pipe. 11. The plant for manufacturing a rigid pipe for drawing up water as recited in claim 10 wherein the pipe includes a helical outer rib suitable for cooperating with a guide of the fifth stage of guiding and driving the lowering to drive the lowering of the pipe into the water. 12. The plant for manufacturing a rigid pipe for drawing up water as recited in claim 8 further comprising protection for protecting the manufactured pipe from solar radiation, the protection being located between the platform and the water. 13. The plant for manufacturing a rigid pipe for drawing up water as recited in claim 12 wherein the protection includes a canvas sheet. 14. The plant for manufacturing a rigid pipe for drawing up water as recited in claim 10 wherein the second stage of complete crosslinking of the resin includes a heater for heating the pipe. 