A device is described for concentrating solar radiation upon the surface of a helicoidal tube assembly containing a circulating heat transfer medium whereby the energy of said radiation may be collected and utilized. The device consists of a rectangular container wherein is supported a longitudinal plurality of aligned curved reflectors for gathering and concentrating incident solar radiation, multiple vertical reflectors to gather low-angle radiation, a convex radiation concentrating reflector beneath said helicoidal tube and a means for damping excess solar radiation. A method is given for the utilization of said solar radiation collector whereby the heated circulating medium provides the means for heating and cooling buildings.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar radiation collector and concentrator comprising: a. an enclosure assembly formed from weatherproof metal and defining a generally rectangular mounting surface; b. a transparent cover portion for said enclosure assembly; c. a longitudinal plurality of aligned curved reflective surfaces supported within said mounting surface and being operable to reflect incident solar radiation toward a common focal axis extending longitudinally of said enclosure assembly; d. multiple vertical reflectors positioned perpendicular to said plurality of longitudinal aligned curved reflective surfaces and being operable to reflect low-angle solar radiation toward said common focal axis; e. a helicoidal fluid-bearing tube longitudinally mounted within said enclosure assembly and being positioned at the common focal axis of solar radiation reflected from said longitudinal plurality of aligned curved reflective surfaces and at the common focal axis of low-angle solar radiation reflected from said multiple vertical reflectors; f. a convex radiation reflector longitudinally mounted below and along an axis parallel to said helicoidal fluid-bearing tube and being operable to reflect incident and low-angle solar radiation upward onto said helicoidal fluid-bearing tube; g. a transparent coil housing assembly within said enclosure assembly longitudinally mounted above and along an axis parallel to both the helicoidal fluid-bearing tube and the convex radiation reflector; and h. means for preventing excess solar radiation from striking said transparent coil housing assembly. 2. Fluid bearing solar radiation collector and concentrator as recited in claim 1 wherein the means for preventing excess solar radiation from striking said transparent coil housing assembly comprises a vertical radiation reflector-damper pivotally mounted perpendicular to and along an axis above and parallel to said helicoidal fluid-bearing tube and means for pivoting said vertical radiation reflector-damper to admit or to block incident solar radiation. 3. A solar radiation collector and concentrator as recited in claim 2 wherein the means for pivoting said vertical radiation reflector-damper comprises a thermostatically controlled actuating arm and means interconnecting said thermostatically controlled actuating arm whereby said vertical radiation reflector-damper is activated. 4. A solar radiation collector and concentrator as recited in claim 3 wherein said interconnecting means consists of a temperature sensing probe mounted in the return portion of said helicoidal tube operable to activate said thermostatically controlled actuating arm attached to said vertical radiation reflector-damper. 5. A solar radiation collector and concentrator as recited in claim 1 wherein said transparent cover portion for said enclosure assembly comprises a high impact material permeable to at least 86 percent of incoming shortwave solar radiation. 6. A solar radiation collector and concentrator as recited in claim 1 wherein said transparent coil housing assembly comprises a high impact material permeable to at least 86 percent of incoming shortwave solar radiation. .Iadd. 7. A solar radiation collector and concentrator comprising: a. an enclosure assembly; b. a transparent cover portion for said enclosure assembly; c. an elongated fluid-bearing member mounted within said enclosure assembly; d. a plurality of elongated curved members having front and back curved surfaces which are light reflective, a plurality of said members being supported within said enclosures on each of two opposing sides of said fluid-bearing member; the plurality of curved members on each side of said tube being spaced from one another and being aligned with one another in a generally parallel relationship and being positioned to reflect solar radiation entering the enclosure through the cover onto said fluid-bearing member, and whereby a portion of the entering solar radiation reflects from both the back of one curved member and the front of a second curved member prior to striking the fluid-bearing member. .Iaddend. .Iadd. 8. A solar radiation collector and concentrator as defined in claim 7 and including a transparent tube housing assembly mounted within said enclosure assembly and enclosing said fluid-bearing member. .Iaddend..Iadd. 9. A solar radiation collector and concentrator as defined in claim 7 wherein said fluid-bearing member comprises a helicoidal tube. .Iaddend..Iadd. 10. A solar radiation collector and concentrator as defined in claim 7 and including a curved radiation reflector longitudinally mounted below and along an axis parallel to said fluid-bearing member whereby solar radiation is reflected upwardly onto said fluid-bearing member. .Iaddend..Iadd. 11. A solar radiation collector and concentrator as defined in claim 7 and including pivotal means for preventing excess solar radiation from striking said fluid-bearing member. .Iaddend. 