An automatic retractable shade unit for an automotive vehicle. The unit uses a pleated shade section with a solar reflective coating on at least the outside facing portion of the shade. A thin mounting case is used to removably mount the case in close proximity to nonparallel side posts of the automotive vehicle. A spring bias in combination with retractable cord means allows the shade to be opened and closed against the bias of the spring. The removable fastener mountings used with the invention permit the entire unit to be removed from the front windshield of the vehicle and to be repositioned on another window in the vehicle as desired. The pleated shade section may be closed over the windshield to allow the bottom of the shade to expand more than the top because of the nonparallel sides. The novel construction and positioning of the applicant's shade unit provides a device that has the advantage of quickness and ease of use over prior art devices. As such, the driver of the automotive vehicle is more apt to use the novel shade unit on a regular and routine basis thereby further protecting the vehicle's interior.
Claims Having described my invention, I claim: 1. An automatic retractable shade unit for positioning on the inside of an automotive vehicle windshield having upright windshield posts, the unit designed to prevent solar heat transfer through the windshield while the vehicle is non-operable and being adaptable for alternately mounting on another window of the vehicle while the vehicle is operable, if desired, comprising: a. at least one mounting case having positioned thereon mounting means for removably mounting the case in close proximity to one side of the automotive vehicle windshield post on the inside of the windshield, (1) the case containing spring bias means for biasing a movement of the shade unit when closed to return to an open position when desired; b. an elongated pleated shade section having opposite sides and faces and having formed thereon on at least one face thereof a solar reflective material, the solar material being positioned for solar reflection to the outside of the automotive vehicle, the shade section having: (1) one side of the shade section being fixedly attached to the mounting case, (2) retractable means having opposite ends and being positioned for movement of the pleated shade section and being fixedly attached on at least one end thereof to the spring bias means; c. a shade stiffener fixedly attached to the other side of the shade section, (1) the shade stiffener also being fixedly attached to the other end of the retractable means, (2) the shade stiffener also having formed thereon fastening means for removably fastening the shade stiffener to an adjacent surface when the shade is closed; d. the pleated shade section permitting the unit to be mounted in proximity to nonparallel windshield posts thereby allowing the bottom of the shade to expand more than the top of the shade; e. the mounting means permitting the shade unit to be removed from the proximity of the windshield as desired for other uses elsewhere in the vehicle during operation of the vehicle; and f. the fastening means permitting the shade unit to be removably fastened to the other side of the vehicle windshield post if desired and to a similar shade unit positioned on the other side of the windshield if desired and also another surface elsewhere in the vehicle as desired. 2. The shade unit as defined in claim 1 wherein the mounting means comprises at least one generally T-shaped mounting fastener having formed thereon a mounting surface for fixedly attaching the fastener to the windshield. 3. The shade unit as defined in claim 2 wherein the T-shaped mounting fastener is fixedly attached to the windshield by double-sided adhesive tape. 4. The shade unit as defined in claim 2 wherein the T-shaped mounting fastener is fixedly attached to the windshield by adhesive. 5. The shade unit as defined in claim 1 wherein the mounting means comprise at least two mounting fasteners fixedly attached to the windshield. 6. The shade unit as defined in claim 1 wherein the spring bias means comprises at least one flat coil spring positioned within a spool which is positioned within the mounting case. 7. The shade unit as defined in claim 1 wherein the spring bias means comprises at least two flat coil springs, each one positioned within a spool which is positioned within the mounting case. 8. The shade unit as defined in claim 1 wherein the retractable means comprises at least one nylon cord positioned within the pleated shade section and through a plurality of holes contained within the pleated section. 9. The shade unit as defined in claim 8 wherein the retractable means comprises at least two nylon cords. 10. The shade unit as defined in claim 8 wherein the pleated shade section is formed of a polyester fiber. 11. The shade unit as defined in claim 1 wherein the shade stiffener is formed of at least one section of flexible material. 12. The shade unit as defined in claim 1 wherein the shade stiffener is formed of at least two sections of flexible material. 13. The shade unit as defined in claim 11 further comprising at least three sections of flexible material being fixedly attached to a central portion of the stiffener. 14. The shade unit as defined in claim 1 wherein the fastening means comprises a loop and hook type fastener. 15. The shade unit as defined in claim 1 wherein the fastening means comprises a suction cup. 16. The shade unit as defined in claim 1 wherein the other side of the shade section and the shade stiffened along with the fastening means, and the other end of the retractable means are sewn together. 17. In an automotive vehicle shade unit having a top and a bottom and designed for positioning on the inside of the automotive vehicle windshield in proximity to the windshield post, and being designed to protect the inside of the vehicle from the deleterious effects of solar radiation, the improvement comprising: a. the shade being formed from a pleated solar reflective material having two sides, and bring fixedly attached on one side to a case; b. the case being removably mounted on at least one side of the vehicle windshield in proximity to the windshield post and having positioned therein spring bias means and retractable means for allowing the pleated shade to be closed so that the bottom of the shade can expand more than the top of the shade to compensate for nonparallel windshield posts and for the shade to retract to an open position when desired; c. the shade having fixedly attached thereto fastening means to removably fasten the other side of the shade to an adjacent surface as desired; and d. the removable mounting of the case permitting the case with the shade attached to be used elsewhere in the vehicle during operation of the vehicle, such as positioning the shade unit on another window of the vehicle. 18. The improvement as defined in claim 17 wherein the pleated solar reflective material is formed of a polyester fiber. 19. The shade unit as defined in claim 1 wherein the retractable means comprises at least one polyester monofilament cord positioned within the pleated shade section and through a plurality of holes contained within the pleated section. 20. The shade unit as defined in claim 19 wherein the retractable means comprises at least two polyester monofilament cords. .Iadd. 21. An automatic retractable shade unit for positioning on the inside of an automotive vehicle windshield having upright windshield posts, the unit designed to prevent solar heat transfer through the windshield while the vehicle is non-operable, comprising: a. at least one mounting case having positioned thereon mounting means for mounting the case in close proximity to one side of the automotive vehicle windshield post on the inside of the windshield, (1) the case containing spring bias means for biasing a movement of the shade unit when closed to return to an open position when desired; b. an elongated pleated shade section having opposite sides and faces and having formed thereon on at least one face thereof a solar reflective material, the solar material being positioned for solar reflection to the outside of the automotive vehicle, the shade section having: (1) one side of the shade section being fixedly attached to the mounting case, (2) retractable means having opposite ends and being positioned for movement of the pleated shade section and being fixedly attached on at least one end thereof to the spring bias means; c. a shade stiffener fixedly attached to the other side of the shade section, (1) the shade stiffener also being fixedly attached to the other end of the retractable means, (2) the shade stiffener also having formed thereon fastening means for removably fastening the shade stiffener to an adjacent surface when the shade is closed; d. the pleated shade section permitting the unit to be mounted in proximity to nonparallel windshield posts thereby allowing the bottom of the shade to expand more than the top of the shade; and e. the fastening means permitting the shade unit to be removably fastened to the other side of the vehicle windshield post if desired and to a similar shade unit positioned on the other side of the windshield if desired. .Iaddend. .Iadd.22. The shade unit as defined in claim 21 wherein the mounting means comprises at least one generally T-shaped mounting fastener having formed thereon a mounting surface for fixedly attaching the fastener to the windshield, and wherein said mounting means permits the unit to be removed from the proximity of the windshield for other uses elsewhere in the vehicle during operation of the vehicle. .Iaddend. .Iadd. 3. In an automotive vehicle shade unit having a top and a bottom and designed for positioning on the inside of the automotive vehicle windshield in proximity to the windshield post, and being designed to protect the inside of the vehicle from the deleterious effects of solar radiation, the improvement comprising: a. the shade being formed from a pleated solar reflective material having two sides, and being fixedly attached on one side to a case; b. the case being mounted on at least one side of the vehicle windshield in proximity to the windshield post and having positioned therein spring bias means and retractable means for allowing the pleated shade to be closed so that the bottom of the shade can expand more than the top of the shade to compensate for nonparallel windshield posts and for the shade to retract to an open position when desired; and c. the shade having fixedly attached thereto fastening means to removably fasten the other side of the shade to an adjacent surface as desired. .Iaddend. .Iadd.24. The improvement as defined in claim 23 wherein the pleated solar reflective material is formed of a polyester fiber. .Iaddend. 