A portable video cassette camera or minicam, preferably a palmcorder, is placed within a vehicle so as to monitor the activity within the passenger compartment. The minicam is contained in a box fastened to a wall within the vehicle so as to prevent the theft of the minicam. The minicam is mounted on a base adapted to fit snugly inside the box, the door of the box is opened, the base and minicam are placed inside the box once the minicam is set to record, and the door is closed. The minicam records the activity occurring in the passenger compartment through a solar cool glass window located in the door of the box.
Claims We claim: .[.1. A monitoring installation for a vehicle to enable monitoring of activity within the vehicle, comprising: an outer vehicle wall; an inner vehicle wall spaced from and parallel to said outer vehicle wall; an opening provided in said inner vehicle wall; a box having an open end and flange means on a side opposite said open end; said box being inserted through said opening to abut said flange means against an inner surface of said outer wall, said opening facing within the vehicle; means affixing said flange means and said box to said outer vehicle wall; a door mounted upon said box; hinge means attached to said door and said box to enable said door to be displaced to and from a position overlying said open end of said box; latch means for holding said door in said position overlying said open end of said box; recording monitoring means located within said box comprising; a base member configured to closely fit within said box; a video tape camera; and means connecting said video tape camera to said base member comprising; a threaded mounting member on said video tape camera; and a threaded element held on said base member by a keeper ring; whereby engagement between said threaded mounting member and said threaded element prevents relative movement between said video tape camera, said base member and said box; whereby said base member prevents said recording monitoring means from moving relative to the box when said door is in a position overlying said open end of said box; and monitor enabling means on said door enabling said recording monitoring means to monitor activity within the vehicle through and unimpeded by said door when displaced to a closed position overlying said open end of said box; whereby unauthorized access to said recording monitoring means is thwarted when said door is displaced to a position overlying said open end of said box..]. .[.2. A monitoring installation as in claim 1, said flange means extending interiorly of said box, and said affixing means includes means for securing said interiorly extending flange means to said outer vehicle wall..]. .[.3. A monitoring installation as in claim 1, said latch means comprising a key operated lock..]. .[.4. A monitoring installation as in claim 1, said monitor enabling means includes optical means enabling the passage of light waves therethrough..]. .[.5. A monitoring installation as in claim 4, said optical means comprises a solar cool glass window provided on said door..]. .[.6. A monitoring installation as in claim 1, wherein said vehicle is a school bus..]. .[.7. A monitoring installation as in claim 1, wherein said monitor enabling means includes openings through said door allowing for the passage of sound therethrough..]. .Iadd.8. A video recorder housing assembly which may contain a recording device to enable recording of activities within a bus having a header section defined by at least two parallel walls spaced apart from each other, comprising: a) a box having an open end, two sides projecting generally perpendicular to the plane of said open end, and a bottom generally perpendicular to the plane of said open end and connecting said sides; b) means for affixing said box within the header; c) a door hingedly mounted to said box to enable said door to be displaced to and from a position overlying said open end of said box, said door having optical means for passage of light therethrough; and d) means to prevent movement of a recording device within said box. .Iaddend. .Iadd.9. A recording enablement device according to claim 8, wherein at least one wall in the header is provided with an opening through which a portion of said open end of said box extends outside the header. .Iaddend. .Iadd.10. A video recorder housing assembly according to claim 8, wherein said means to prevent movement of a recording device within said box comprises a threaded mounting member on the recording device, a base member and a threaded element on said base member for threadedly engaging said mounting member of the recording device. .Iaddend. .Iadd.11. A recording enablement device according to claim 8, further comprising: .Iaddend. .Iadd.e) latch means fixed to said door for securely fastening said door in a position overlying said open end of said box. .Iaddend. .Iadd.12. A recording enablement device according to claim 8, wherein said optical means is of a material which prevents bus occupants from seeing the contents of said box. .Iaddend. .Iadd.13. A recording enablement device according to claim 12, wherein said optical means of said door includes a solar cool glass window. .Iaddend. .Iadd.14. A recording enablement device according to claim 8, wherein said door is provided with holes for passage of sound therethrough. .Iaddend. .Iadd.15. A video recorder housing assembly which may contain a recording device to enable recording of activities within a bus having a header section defined by at least two parallel walls spaced apart from each other and a ceiling connecting the walls of the header, comprising: .Iaddend. .Iadd.a) a box having an open end, two sides projecting generally perpendicular to the plane of said open end, and a bottom generally perpendicular to the plane of said open end and connecting said sides; .Iaddend. .Iadd.b) means for affixing said box to the ceiling; .Iaddend. .Iadd.c) a door hingedly mounted to said box to enable said door to be displaced to and from a position overlying said open end of said box, said door having optical means for passage of light therethrough; and .Iaddend. .Iadd.d) means to prevent movement of a recording device within said box. .Iaddend. .Iadd.16. A recording enablement device according to claim 15, wherein at least one wall in the header is provided with an opening through which a portion of said open end of said box extends outside the header. .Iaddend. .Iadd.17. A video recorder housing assembly according to claim 15, wherein said means to prevent movement of a recording device within said box comprises a threaded mounting member on the recording device, a base member and a threaded element on said base member for threadedly engaging said mounting member of the recording device. .Iaddend. .Iadd.18. A recording enablement device according to claim 15, further comprising: .Iaddend. .Iadd.e) a latch means fixed to said door for securely fastening said door in a position overlying said open end of said box. .Iaddend. .Iadd.19. A recording enablement device according to claim 15, wherein said optical means is of a material which prevents bus occupants from seeing the contents of said box. .Iaddend. .Iadd.20. A recording enablement device according to claim 19, wherein said optical means of said door includes a solar cool glass window. .Iaddend. .Iadd.21. A recording enablement device according to claim 15, wherein said door is provided with holes for the passage of sound therethrough. .Iaddend. .Iadd.22. A video recorder housing assembly which may contain a recording device to enable recording of activities within a bus having a header section defined by at least two parallel walls spaced apart from each other and a floor connecting the walls of the header, comprising: .Iaddend. .Iadd.a) a box having an open end, two sides projecting generally perpendicular to the plane of said open end, and a bottom generally perpendicular to the plane of said open end and connecting said sides; .Iaddend. .Iadd.b) means for affixing said box to the floor in the header; .Iaddend. .Iadd.c) a door hingedly mounted to said box to enable said door to be displaced to and from a position overlying said open end of said box, said door having optical means for passage of light therethrough; and .Iaddend. .Iadd.d) means to prevent movement of a recording device within said box. .Iaddend. .Iadd.23. A recording enablement device according to claim 22, wherein at least one wall in the header is provided with an opening through which a portion of said open end of said box extends outside the header. .Iaddend. .Iadd.24. A video recorder housing assembly according to claim 22, wherein said means to prevent movement of a recording device within said box comprises a threaded mounting member on the recording device, a base member and a threaded element on said base member for threadedly engaging said mounting member of the recording device. .Iaddend. .Iadd.25. A recording enablement device according to claim 22, further comprising: .Iaddend. .Iadd.e) a latch means connected to said door for securely fastening said door in a position overlying said open end of the box. .Iaddend. .Iadd.26. A recording enablement device according to claim 22, wherein said optical means is of a material which prevents bus occupants from seeing the contents of said box. .Iaddend. .Iadd.27. A recording enablement device according to claim 26, wherein said optical means of said door includes a solar cool glass window. .Iaddend. .Iadd.28. A recording enablement device according to claim 22, wherein said door is provided with holes for the passage of sound therethrough. .Iaddend. .Iadd.29. A video recorder housing assembly which may contain a recording device to enable recording of activities within a bus having a header section defined by at least two parallel walls spaced apart from each other, comprising: .Iaddend. .Iadd.a) a box having an open end, two sides projecting generally perpendicular to the plane of said open end, and a bottom generally perpendicular to the plane of said open end and connecting said sides; .Iaddend. .Iadd.b) means for affixing said box adjacent to the header with said open end opposed to said header; .Iaddend. .Iadd.c) a door hingedly mounted to said box to enable said door to be displaced to and from a position overlying said open end of said box, said door having optical means for passage of light therethrough; and .Iaddend. .Iadd.d) means to prevent movement of a recording device within said box. .Iaddend. .Iadd.30. A recording enablement device according to claim 29, wherein at least one wall in the header is provided with an opening through which a portion of said open end of said box extends outside the header. .Iaddend. .Iadd.31. A video recorder housing assembly according to claim 29, wherein said means to prevent movement of a recording device within said box comprises a threaded mounting member on the recording device, a base member and a threaded element on said base member for threadedly engaging said mounting member of the recording device. .Iaddend. .Iadd.32. A recording enablement device according to claim 29, further comprising: .Iaddend. .Iadd.e) a latch means connected to said door for securely fastening said door in a position overlying said open end of the box. .Iaddend. .Iadd.33. A recording enablement device according to claim 29, wherein said optical means is of a material which prevents bus occupants from seeing the contents of said box. .Iaddend. .Iadd.34. A recording enablement device according to claim 33, wherein said optical means of said door includes a solar cool glass window. .Iaddend. .Iadd.35. A recording enablement device according to claim 29, wherein said door is provided with holes for the passage of sound therethrough. .Iaddend. .Iadd.36. A video recorder housing assembly which may contain a recording device to enable recording of activities within the passenger compartment of a bus, comprising: .Iaddend. .Iadd.a) a box having an open end, two sides projecting generally perpendicular to the plane of said open end, and a bottom generally perpendicular to the plane of said open end and connecting said sides; .Iaddend. .Iadd.b) means for mounting said box within the passenger compartment of a bus; .Iaddend. .Iadd.c) a door hingedly mounted to said box to enable said door to be displaced to and from a position overlying said open end of said box, said door having optical means for passage of light therethrough; and .Iaddend. .Iadd.d) means for preventing movement of said recording device relative to said box. .Iaddend. .Iadd.37. A video recorder housing assembly according to claim 36, wherein said means for mounting a recording device within said box comprises a threaded mounting member on the recording device, a base member and a threaded element on said base member for threadedly engaging said mounting member of the recording device. .Iaddend. .Iadd.38. A recording enablement device according to claim 36, further comprising: .Iaddend. .Iadd.e) a latch means fixed to said door for securely fastening said door in a position overlying said open end of said box. .Iaddend. .Iadd.39. A recording enablement device according to claim 36, wherein said optical means is of a material which prevents bus occupants from seeing the contents of said box. .Iaddend. .Iadd.40. A recording enablement device according to claim 39, wherein said optical means of said door includes a solar cool glass window. .Iaddend. .Iadd.41. A recording enablement device according to claim 36, wherein said door is provided with holes for the passage of sound therethrough. .Iaddend. 