A method of mounting silicon solar cells in a planar array that not only lds electrical insulation between cells but allows for a multifold increase in thermal dissipation of the cell array, comprising metallizing a wafer of beryllium oxide on each side so that the outer surface is copper, etching the wafer on one side so that the only metallized parts which remain are those on which the solar cells are to be mounted or wiring is to be attached, soldering the solar cells on the unetched copper prominences, coating the aluminum panel on which the cells are mounted with a copper layer, soldering the underside of the wafer on the upper surface of the aluminum panel with soft solder such as indium, and covering all remaining passive surfaces with a teflon F.E.P. tape the underside of which carries a layer of slver and then a layer of inconel metal.
Claims What is claimed and desired to be secured by letters patent of the United States is: 1. A method of mounting solar cells on a metallic panel to provide a direct thermal path between the cells and the panel comprising the steps of: coating an electrically insulative wafer with an electrically and thermally conductive coating on the top and bottom surfaces thereof; removing the conductive coating on the top surface of the coated wafer except on predetermined areas to form a number of prominences thereon, the number of said prominences being at least equal to the number of said cells; attaching said cells on said prominences, each cell being located on a different prominence; coating the surface of said panel with a coating to which it is easy to solder, said coating being thermally conductive; coating the panel coating with a soft solder capable of absorbing mechanical stresses due to thermally induced expansions, said solder being thermally conductive; and soldering the bottom surface of said solar-cell-bearing wafer to the soft-solder surface of said panel. 2. A method as in claim 1, wherein: said wafer is formed from beryllium oxide. 3. A method as in claim 1, wherein: said coating on said wafer surfaces is an inner layer of chromium and an outer layer of copper. 4. A method as in claim 1, wherein: said cells are soldered on said prominences. 5. A method as in claim 1, wherein: said coating on said panel surface is copper. 6. A method as in claim 1, wherein: said soft solder is an indium solder. 7. A method of mounting solar cells on a metallic panel to provide a direct thermal path between the cells and the panel comprising the steps of: coating a beryllia wafer first with chromium and then with copper on the top and bottom surfaces; removing the coating on the top surface of the wafer except on predetermined areas to form number of prominences thereon, the number of prominences being at least equal to the number of said cells; soldering said cells on said prominences, each cell being located on a different prominence; coating the surface of said panel with a copper coating; coating said panel coating with a soft indium solder; and soldering the bottom surface of said solar-cell-bearing wafer to the soft-solder surface of said panel. 