Apparatus responsive to solar energy for driving a self-contained gas turbine, whereby to produce mechanical or electrical power. Such apparatus is provided with a screen of a reflective nature and of a type to essentially focus the incoming rays of the sun onto a central window. A pair of serpentine coils are disposed rearwardly of the window and are constructed for alternate registry therewith. A gas turbine is operatively connected to and between the two coils. The rays of the sun are employed to heat the coils, alternately, so as to expand the gas or vapor therein, increasing the pressure thereof, for driving the turbine. The alternate heating of the coils produces opposite revolvement of the turbine, the output from which can be made uni-directional by conventional means. Water storage tanks and spraying means, with a cooling fan, can be employed for alternate daytime and nighttime usage.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar-powered, gas-turbine apparatus including, in combination, a screen having a central window; first and second heat-conductive hollow means for storing and releasing gas under pressure; a gas turbine interposed between and operatively communicating with said first and second means; track means mounting said first and second means for enabling the alternating disposition of one of said first and second means in registry position with said window; and an output drive coupled to said gas turbine. 2. The structure of claim 1 wherein said screen is concave, having in the aggregate a concave reflective surface surrounding said window. 3. The structure of claim 1 wherein each of said first and second means comprises an essentially planar, serpentine conduit configurement. 4. The structure of claim 1 wherein said apparatus includes fan means disposed in registry with said window and in spaced relationship therewith, said first and second means being disposed in a common plane between said window and said fan means. 5. The structure of claim 1 wherein said apparatus is provided with spray means for selectively spraying a selected one of said first and second means. 6. The structure of claim 2 wherein said screen comprises a framework holding a series of mirrors forming said reflective surface. 7. The structure of claim 1 wherein said apparatus includes means coupled to said screen for tilting the same, whereby said screen may be made to face the sun. 8. The structure of claim 5 wherein said apparatus is provided with means for draining sprayed fluid away from said first and second means. 9. A solar-powered, gas turbine structure including, in combination, a screen having a window, first and second heat conductive hollow means for storing and releasing gas under pressure, a gas turbine operatively interposed between said first and second means, track means fixedly disposed with respect to said screen for movably mounting said first and second means, whereby a selected one of said first and second means can be positioned in registry with said window, means for spraying said first and second means disposed at opposite sides of said window, fan means positioned proximate said window for cooling a respective one of said first and second means disposed thereat, first and second storage tanks, and means for conducting fluid from said storage tanks to said spraying means and returning such sprayed fluid back to said storage tanks. 