A method of mounting and interconnecting solar cells to form a solar cell array particularly suited to space applications. In the present invention, the solar cells, which are already silver plated on the underside, are diffusion welded to a suitably plated polymide film substrate. The attachment area and current conductor patterns are provided in the plating on the substrate and electrical connection of the solar cells is accomplished by soldering or diffusion welding directly to the plated pattern on the substrate.
Claims Having thus described my invention, what is claimed is: 1. A solar cell array comprising: a. a substrate, said substrate being a non-metallic dielectric; b. two solar cells diffusion welded to said substrate; and, c. means for electrically interconnecting said two solar cells operably attached to each of said two solar cells. 2. A solar cell array as claimed in claim 1 wherein: a. said substrate is plated on one surface, said plating comprising a plurality of non-connected individual mounting and connecting areas, b. said two solar cells are plated on one surface of each of said two solar cells; and, c. said diffusion welding of said two solar cells to said substrate is accomplished by diffusion welding said plated surface of said two solar cells to individual mounting and connecting areas of said plating on said substrate. 3. A solar cell as claimed in claim 1 wherein said substrate is a polyimide film. 4. A solar cell as claimed in claim 1 wherein said substrate is flexible. 5. The method of forming a solar cell array comprising the steps of: a. plating one surface of a first solar cell with a diffusion weldable metallic layer; b. plating one surface of a second solar cell with a diffusion weldable metallic layer; c. plating one surface of a non-metallic, dielectric substrate with a diffusion weldable metallic layer, said metallic layer comprising a plurality of non-connected individual mounting and connecting areas, d. diffusion welding said plated surface of said first solar cell to one of said individual mounting and connecting areas of said plated surface of said substrate; e. diffusion welding said plated surface of said second solar cell to another of said individual mounting and connecting areas of said plated surface of said substrate; and f. operably attaching electrical connecting means from the non-plated surface of said first solar cell to said individual mounting and connecting area of said plated surface of said substrate having said second solar cell diffusion welded thereon. 