Disclosed is a solar heat collector having a cover plate mounted in spaced relation to a solar energy absorber. The cover plate has a transmittance coefficient (t) for solar radiation e.g., in the wavelength range of about 0.3 to 2.1 microns, and a reflectance coefficient (r) for infrared energy in the wavelength range of about 2 to 15 micron. The transmittance coefficient and reflectance coefficient of the cover plate are selected such that the product of (r) and (t) is equal to or greater than about 0.25 to increase the saturation temperature (T.sub.s) of the solar heat collector.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar heat collector, comprising: a solar and infrared energy absorber; a cover plate capable of passing solar energy; a coating on said cover plate to provide said cover plate with a transmittance coefficient (t) for solar radiation and a reflectance coefficient (r) for infrared energy in a wavelength range of about 2 to 15 microns wherein the product of (r) and (t) is greater than about 0.45 and wherein said coating is indium oxide, tin oxide or a mixture of tin oxide and indium oxide; and means for mounting said cover plate in spaced relation to said absorber. 2. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 1 wherein the cover plate is a piece of commercial soda-lime-glass. 3. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 2 wherein the coating is tin oxide having a thickness of about 2,000 - 5,000 angstroms. 4. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 2 wherein the coating is indium oxide having a thickness of about 1,000 - 20,000 angstroms. 5. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 1 wherein the cover plate is a piece of borosilicate glass and 6. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 5 wherein the coating is tin oxide having a thickness of about 2,000 - 5,000 angstroms. 7. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 5 wherein the coating is indium oxide having a thickness of about 1,000 - 20,000 angstroms. 8. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 1 wherein said solar energy absorber is a first conduit and said cover plate is a second conduit and said mounting means includes: means for mounting the first conduit inside and spaced from said second conduit. 9. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 1 wherein said absorber is a plate and said mounting means includes means for mounting said plate in spaced relation to said cover plate to relate conduction and convection heat losses. 10. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 1 wherein the cover plate is a piece of glass wherein the piece of glass has an iron oxide content less than about 0.06% by weight. 11. A method of making a solar heat collector, comprising the steps of: providing a solar and infrared energy absorber; providing a cover plate capable of passing solar energy; provide a coating on the cover plate to provide the cover plate with a transmittance coefficient (t) for solar radiation and reflectance coefficient (r) for infrared energy in a wavelength range of about 2to 15 microns wherein the product or (r) and (t) is greater than about 0.45 and wherein said coating is indium oxide, tin oxide or a mixture of tin oxide and indium oxide; and mounting the absorber in spaced relation to the cover plate. 