A device for converting Sunlight into electrical energy which can be used to maintain a charge in a battery includes at least one translucent panel having a plurality of individual electrically connected solar cells mounted therein. The translucent panel is mounted in a frame which can support the panel on a mounting surface. This frame includes a peripheral support wall and a panel support surface extending therebetween. The peripheral support wall has an upper edge and the support surface is located at a level below the upper edge of the peripheral wall thereby to support the panel within the confines of the wall.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A device for use in converting sunlight into electrical energy comprising at least one translucent panel having a plurality of individual electrically connected solar cells mounted therein and an electrical cable connected to said solar cells for conducting electric current therefrom, and means for supporting said panel on a mounting surface including a frame having a peripheral support wall and a panel support surface extending therebetween, said support wall having an upper edge and said support surface being located below said upper edge to support said panel within the confines of said peripheral wall; said frame including means for draining water entering below said support surface and between said support wall from the confines of the frame. 2. The device as defined in claim 1 wherein said panel has a predetermined thickness and said support surface is located below said upper edge a distance equal to said predetermined thickness whereby said panel is flush with said upper edge. 3. A device for use in converting sunlight into electrical energy comprising a plurality of translucent panels, wherein each of said panels has a plurality of individual electrically connected solar cells mounted therein and is electrically connected to an adjacent panel by an electrical conductor located below the panels; an electrical cable connected to said solar cells for conducting electric current therefrom, and means for supporting said panel on a mounting surface including a frame having a peripheral support wall and a panel support surface extending therebetween, said support wall having an upper edge and said support surface being located below said upper edge to support said panels within the confines of said peripheral wall; said support surface supporting said panels within said peripheral wall and having recesses formed therein which accommodate said electrical conductors located below said panels and adjacent the support surface of the frame, whereby said panels lie flat against said support surface. 4. The device as defined in claim 3 wherein said recesses are filled with a potting material to encase and waterproof said electrical conductors. 5. The device as defined in claim 3 wherein said support frame has rounded edges and a low profile, thereby to reduce possibility of injury by toe stubbing or tripping. 6. A device for use in converting sunlight into electrical energy comprising a plurality of translucent panels, wherein each of said panels has a plurality of individual electrically connected solar cells mounted therein and is electrically connected to an adjacent panel by an electrical conductor located below the panels; an electrical cable connected to said solar cells for conducting electric current therefrom, and means for supporting said panel on a mounting surface including a frame having a peripheral support wall and a panel support surface extending therebetween, said support wall having an upper edge and said support surface being located below said upper edge to support said panels within the confines of said peripheral wall; said support surface supporting said panels within said peripheral wall and having recesses formed therein which accommodate said electrical conductors located below said panels and adjacent the support surface of the frame, whereby said panels lie flat against said support surface; said support surface having a predetermined thickness, said electrical cable including cable guide means for securing the cable in a fixed position with respect to said mounting surface, said support surface having at least one area of reduced thickness formed therein for accommodating said cable guide means below the support surface. 7. A device for use in converting sunlight into electrical energy comprising at least one translucent panel having a plurality of individual electrically connected solar cells mounted therein and an electrical cable connected to said solar cells for conducting electric current therefrom, and means for supporting said panel on a mounting surface including a frame having a peripheral support wall and a panel support surface extending therebetween, said support wall having upper and lower edges and said support surface being located below said upper edge to support said panel within the confines of said peripheral wall; said lower edge of said support wall being adapted to engage said mounting surface, said lower edge having at least one drainage port formed therein to allow drainage of water entering below said support surface and between said support wall. 8. A device for use in converting sunlight into electrical energy comprising a plurality of translucent panels, wherein each of said panels has a plurality of individual electrically connected solar cells mounted therein and is electrically connected to an adjacent panel by an electrical conductor located below the panels; an electrical cable connected to said solar cells for conducting electric current therefrom, and means for supporting said panel on a mounting surface including a frame having a peripheral support wall and a panel support surface extending therebetween, said support wall having an upper edge and said support surface being located below said upper edge to support said panels within the confines of said peripheral wall; said support surface supporting said panels within said peripheral wall and having recesses formed therein which accommodate said electrical conductors located below said panels and adjacent the support surface of the frame, whereby said panels lie flat against said support surface; said panels each having substantially the same predetermined thickness and said support surface being located below said upper edge of said support wall a distance equal to said predetermined thickness whereby said panels are substantially flush with said upper edge. 9. A device for use in converting sunlight into electrical energy comprising a plurality of elongated translucent panels each having a plurality of individual electrically connected solar cells mounted therein, said panels being electrically connected in series by individual electrical conductors located adjacent one side of the panels; and an electrical cable operatively connected to the panels adjacent said one side thereof for conducting electric current from the panels; and means for supporting said panels on a mounting surface including a generally rectangular frame having a peripheral support wall and a panel support surface extending therebetween, said panels being supported on said support surface with said one side thereof engaged with the support surface and extending between one pair of opposite sides of the frame, said individual electrical conductors connecting said panels adjacent said opposite sides, said support surface having a pair of integral channels formed therein adjacent said opposite sides, said channels extending away from said panels and receiving said conductors therein to allow the panels to be substantially completely supported in said frame with said one side thereof on said support surface. 10. The device as defined in claim 9 wherein said peripheral support wall has an upper edge and said support surface is located a predetermined distance below said upper edge to support said panel within the confines of said peripheral wall. 11. The device as defined in claim 9 wherein said panels have predetermined thicknesses and widths, said support surface being located below said upper edge a distance equal to said predetermined distance whereby said panels are flush with said upper edge and said panels completely cover said support surface between opposite sides of said peripheral wall. 12. The device as defined in claim 9 wherein said channels are filled with potting material to the level of said support surface to encase and waterproof said electrical conductors. 13. The device as defined in claim 9 wherein said peripheral wall has a lower edge and said support surface is located a predetermined distance above said lower edge, said support surface having a predetermined thickness selected to allow walking on said panels without damage thereto. 14. The device as defined in claim 9 wherein said frame is formed of an impact-resistant material. 15. The device as defined in claim 14 wherein said impact resistant material is fiberglass. 16. A device for use in converting sunlight into electrical energy comprising a plurality of elongated translucent panels, each having a plurality of individual electrically connected solar cells mounted therein, said panels being electrically connected in series by individual electrical conductors located adjacent one side of the panels; and an electrical cable operatively connected to the panels adjacent said one side thereof for conducting electric current from the panels; and means for supporting said panels on a mounting surface including a generally rectangular frame having a peripheral support wall and a panel support surface extending therebetween, said panels being supported on said support surface with said one side thereof engaged with the support surface and extending between one pair of opposite sides of the frame, said individual electrical conductors connecting said panels adjacent said opposite sides, said support surface having a pair of integral channels formed therein adjacent said opposite sides, said channels extending away from said panels and receiving said conductors therein to allow the panels to be substantially completely supported in said frame with said one side thereof on said support surface; said electrical cable including cable guide means for securing the cable in a fixed position with respect to said mounting surface, said support surface having at least one area of reduced thickness formed therein for accommodating said cable guide means below the support surface. 17. The device as defined in claim 16 wherein said peripheral support wall includes a lower edge adapted to engage said mounting surface, said lower edge having at least one drainage port formed therein to allow drainage of water entering below said support surface and between said support wall. 18. The device as defined in claim 17 including means for securing said panels to said support surface within said wall. 19. The device as defined in claim 17 wherein one of said channels has an aperture formed therein and said electrical cable extends through said aperture, and plug means in said aperture for holding the cable against movement therein and for creating a water-tight seal between the cable and the channel. 20. A device for use in converting sunlight into electrical energy comprising a plurality of elongated translucent panels, each having a plurality of individual electrically connected solar cells mounted therein, said panels being electrically connected in series by individual electrical conductors located adjacent one side of the panels; and an electrical cable operatively connected to the panels adjacent said one side thereof for conducting electric current from the panels; and means for supporting said panels on a mounting surface including a generally rectangular frame having a peripheral support wall and a panel support surface extending therebetween, said panels being supported on said support surface with said one side thereof engaged with the support surface and extending between one pair of opposite sides of the frame, said individual electrical conductors connecting said panels adjacent said opposite sides, said support surface having a pair of integral channels formed therein adjacent said opposite sides, said channels extending away from said panels and receiving said conductors therein to allow the panels to be substantially completely supported in said frame with said one side thereof on said support surface; said frame including means for draining water from the frame entering below the support surface and between the support wall. 