An apparatus for producing mechanical energy utilizing the sun's rays is disclosed. The apparatus includes a continuously rotating structure having a plurality of thermally actuated pump units, consisting of a temperature sensitive cell and a piston assembly, mounted thereon. A focusing means concentrates solar rays on a number of the cells causing the expansion of material contained in each cell, resulting in the extension of a piston rod, the compression of a cylinder within the piston assembly and the transfer of fluid contained therein to a high pressure accumulator for operating hydraulic motors or the like. When rotated from under the focusing means, the cell cools resulting in a decrease in volume of the expansible material and a retraction of the piston rod causing fluid to enter the piston assembly from a reservoir. The pump unit is thus prepared for another cycle of operation beginning when the rotatable structure has completed a full revolution and the cell is again exposed to the focused rays of the sun.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar powered device for pressurizing fluid from a reservoir into an accumulator for operating hydraulic devices comprising: a. a base; b. a drum, having a reservoir and an accumulator disposed therein, rotatably supported on said base; c. a plurality of solar actuated pump units disposed on said drum and communicating with said reservoir and said accumulator for pressurizing fluid from said reservoir into said accumulator responsive to solar energy impinging on said units; and d. means for rotating said drum to repetitively cycle said pump units. 2. The device according to claim 1 wherein said pump unit includes: a. a temperature sensitive cell expanding and contracting in response to temperature increases and decreases, respectively; and b. a piston assembly mounted adjacent said cell actuated by the expansion and contraction of said cell. 3. The device according to claim 1 wherein said means for rotating said drum is a hydraulic motor. 4. The device according to claim 1 wherein said drum comprises a pair of horizontally disposed concentric cylinders closed at their ends to define a cylindrical chamber within the inner cylinder and an annular chamber between the inner and outer cylinders, said cylindrical chamber constituting said accumulator and said annular chamber constituting said reservoir. 5. The device according to claim 4 further including a tubular shaft, extending from one end of said drum communicating with said cylindrical chamber, transporting fluid under pressure from said cylindrical chamber to a hydraulic device and another tubular shaft, extending from the opposite end of said drum communicating with said annular chamber, transporting fluid to said annular chamber for reuse. 6. The device according to claim 4 wherein said pump units are secured to said outer cylinder, passing through said annular chamber and extending into said cylindrical chamber. 7. A solar powered device for pressurizing fluid from a reservoir into an accumulator for operating hydraulic devices comprising: a. a base; b. a drum, having a reservoir and an accumulator disposed therein, rotatably supported on said base; c. a plurality of solar actuated pump units disposed on said drum for pressurizing fluid from said reservoir into said accumulator responsive to solar energy impinging on said units; d. at least one first manifold fixed to said drum for transporting fluid from said reservoir to said pump units; e. at least one second manifold fixed to said drum for transporting fluid from said pump units to said accumulator; and f. means for rotating said drum to repetitively cycle said pump units. 8. The device according to claim 7 wherein said drum includes threadable extensions extending radially outward from the surface of said drum for mounting said pump units. 9. The device according to claim 7 wherein said first and second manifolds include valves secured between said manifolds and said pump units. 10. The device according to claim 7 wherein said means for rotating said drum is a hydraulic motor. 11. The device according to claim 7 wherein said pump unit includes: a. a temperature sensitive cell expanding and contracting in response to temperature increases and decreases, respectively; and b. a piston assembly mounted adjacent said cell actuated by the expansion and contraction of said cell. 12. The device according to claim 7 wherein said drum comprises a pair of horizontally disposed concentric cylinders, closed at their ends to define a cylindrical chamber within the inner cylinder and an annular chamber between the inner and outer cylinders, said cylindrical chamber constituting said accumulator and said annular chamber constituting said reservoir. 13. The device according to claim 12 further including a tubular shaft, extending from one end of said drum communicating with said cylindrical chamber, transporting fluid under pressure from said cylindrical chamber to a hydraulic device and another tubular shaft, extending from the opposite end of said drum communicating with said annular chamber, transporting fluid to said annular chamber for reuse. 14. The device according to claim 7 wherein said drum comprises a pair of horizontally disposed concentric cylinders, closed at their ends to define a cylindrical chamber within the inner cylinder and an annular chamber between the inner and outer cylinders, said cylindrical chamber constituting said reservoir and said annular chamber constituting said accumulator. 15. The device according to claim 14 further including a tubular shaft, extending from one end of said drum communicating with said annular chamber, transporting fluid under pressure from said annular chamber to a hydraulic device and another tubular shaft, extending from the opposite end of said drum communicating with said cylindrical chamber, transporting fluid to said cylindrical chamber for reuse. 