A combined active phased antenna array for satellite solar power station systems includes a plurality of directly coupled microwave energy generators for conversion of the dc power generated by a system of solar energy conversion means to microwave energy. The microwave power is transmitted through space in a narrow beam for capture and rectification at the receiving point. The microwave energy generator devices embodied in the invention are of the crossed field amplifier type having a very high efficiency and extremely long life through the use of a cold cathode secondary emitting electron source. The microwave generated power is transmitted through slotted waveguide radiator arrays with the phase of the energy monitored and corrections are made by phase shifting devices where necessary.
Claims I claim: 1. In a space oriented system and apparatus for converting solar energy into electrical power including means for converting dc energy into microwave energy, an active phased antenna array for wireless transmission of said microwave energy as a microwave beam directed to earth-based collection and electrical power conversion means comprising: a plurality of wave transmission line means having energy radiating elements; an array of a plurality of cascaded dc-to-microwave energy converters adapted to become operative upon injection of a microwave input signal to produce an amplified output signal at a predetermined microwave frequency; and means for directly coupling each of said energy converters to said transmission line means to radiate a microwave beam having a predetermined phase front pattern into free space. 2. A space oriented transmitting antenna array according to claim 1 wherein said wave transmission line means comprise slotted waveguide resonators with said slots being disposed in the earth-facing waveguide walls. 3. A space oriented transmitting antenna array according to claim 2 wherein said means for coupling said energy comprises a probe element extending through the unslotted waveguide walls into said transmission line means. 4. A space oriented transmitting antenna array according to claim 1 and means disposed in combination with subarrays of said energy converters and transmission line for monitoring and controlling the phase front pattern of said transmitted microwave beam comprising means for receiving a microwave energy signal having a predetermined phase to drive said array of cascaded energy converters, means for electronically comparing said received microwave signals with a reference phase signal representative of the phase of the energy converter output signals and phase-shifting means for corrective action. 