A solar heat collector of the type having a pair of tempered glass sheets mounted in spaced relation to each other and to a solar energy and infrared absorber is provided with a vapor-impervious and moisture-impervious seal. The seal includes (1) a moisture-impervious adhesive to prevent moisture from moving between the glass sheets and absorber and (2) a vapor-impervious strip, e.g., an aluminum strip mounted between the adhesive and peripheral edge portions of the glass sheets and absorber to prevent solvent vapors of the adhesive from moving between the glass sheets and absorber.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a method of fabricating a solar heat collector wherein the method comprises the steps of providing a solar energy and infrared absorber plate, and a cover plate capable of passing solar energy, and mounting the absorber plate and cover plate in spaced relation to provide a solar heat collector subassembly having an airspace between the cover plate and the absorber, the improvement comprising: providing a vapor-impervious barrier adjacent and substantially around the peripheral edge of the heat collector subassembly to prevent volatiles from moving into the airspace; and providing a moisture-impervious seal including a moisture-impervious adhesive having volatiles therein about the vapor-impervious barrier and in sealing contact with the heat collector subassembly to prevent moisture from moving into the airspace. 2. The improved method as set forth in claim 1 further including mounting a second cover plate in spaced relation to the first cover plate to provide an airspace between the cover plates. 3. The improved method as set forth in claim 2 wherein said mounting steps are accomplished by: providing a pair of spacer frames each having a desiccant material therein and a continuous portion having means for providing communication with the airspace and the desiccant material and having means for providing communication with ambient air and the airspace by way of the desiccant material; and positioning one of the spacer frames between the absorber and first cover plate and the other one of the spacer frames between the first cover plate and second cover plate. 4. The improved method as set forth in claim 3 wherein said providing steps include the steps of: providing a composite strip having a bendable, flexible, moisture-impervious tape adhered to a bendable, flexible, vapor-impervious tape by a layer of the moisture-impervious adhesive wherein the width of the vapor-impervious tape is equal to or less than the width of the layer of the moisture-impervious adhesive; and applying the composite strip to the collector subassembly with the vapor-impervious tape adjacent the peripheral edge of the subassembly and the adhesive in sealing contact with the outer marginal edges of the subassembly. 5. The improved method as set forth in claim 3 wherein said providing steps include the steps of: providing a composite strip having a bendable, formable, moisture-impervious tape having a bead of the moisture-impervious adhesive on one side of the tape adjacent an edge and a second bead of the adhesive adjacent the opposite edge spaced from the first bead of adhesive to provide an intermediate tape portion; and applying the composite strip to the collector subassembly with the intermediate tape portion adjacent the peripheral edge of the subassembly and the first bead of adhesive in sealing contact with the outer marginal edges of the second cover plate and the second bead of adhesive in sealing contact with the outer marginal edges of the absorber plate. 6. The improved method as set forth in claim 3 wherein said providing steps include the steps of: providing a composite strip of a moisture-impervious, vapor-impervious, bendable, formable tape having a groove in opposed sides and the moisture-impervious adhesive in the grooves to provide an intermediate tape portion; and applying the intermediate tape portion against the peripheral edge of the collector subassembly and the adhesive in sealing contact with the outer marginal edges of the subassembly. 7. The improved method as set forth in claim 6 wherein said tape includes a first tape of a bendable, formable, moisture-impervious material and a second tape of a bendable, formable, vapor-impervious material. 8. The improved method as set forth in claim 1 further including the step of: mounting a thermal-insulating compartment on the outer surface of the absorber plate. 9. The improved method as set forth in claim 1 wherein said providing steps include the steps of: providing a composite strip having a bendable, flexible, moisture-impervious tape adhered to a bendable, flexible, vapor-impervious tape by a layer of the moisture-impervious adhesive wherein the width of the vapor-impervious tape is equal to or less than the width of the layer of the moisture-impervious adhesive; and applying the composite strip to the collector subassembly with the vapor-impervious tape adjacent the peripheral edge of the subassembly and the adhesive in sealing contact with the outer marginal edges of the subassembly. 10. The improved method as set forth in claim 1 wherein said providing steps include the steps of: providing a composite strip having a bendable, formable, moisture-impervious tape having a bead of the moisture-impervious adhesive on one side of the tape adjacent an edge and a second bead of the adhesive adjacent the opposite edge spaced from the first bead of adhesive to provide an intermediate tape portion; and applying the composite strip to the collector subassembly with the intermediate tape portion adjacent the peripheral edge of the subassembly and the first bead of adhesive in sealing contact with the outer marginal edges of the cover plate and the second bead of adhesive in sealing contact with the outer marginal edges of the absorber plate. 11. The improved method as set forth in claim 1 wherein said providing steps include the steps of: providing a composite strip of a moisture-impervious, vapor-impervious, bendable, formable tape having a groove in opposed sides and the moisture-impervious adhesive in the grooves to provide an intermediate tape portion; and applying the intermediate tape portion against the peripheral edge of the collector subassembly and the adhesive in sealing contact with the outer marginal edges of the subassembly. 12. The improved method as set forth in claim 11 wherein said tape includes a first tape of a bendable, formable, moisture-impervious material and a second tape of a bendable, formable, vapor-impervious material. 13. An improved solar heat collector of the type having a cover plate capable of passing solar energy; a solar energy and infrared absorber plate; and means for maintaining the cover plate and absorber in spaced relation to provide an airspace therebetween, the cover plate, absorber and maintaining means forming a solar collector subassembly, the improvement comprising: vapor-impervious barrier adjacent and substantially around the peripheral edge of the collector subassembly to prevent volatiles from moving into the airspace; and a moisture-impervious seal including a moisture-impervious adhesive having volatiles therein positioned over said vapor-impervious barrier and in sealing contact with the subassembly to prevent moisture from moving into the airspace. 14. The improved solar collector as set forth in claim 13 further including a thermal-insulating compartment mounting the outer surface of the absorber plate. 15. The improved solar collector as set forth in claim 13 wherein the absorber includes means for moving a heat absorbing medium through the absorber plate. 16. The improved solar collector as set forth in claim 13 further including means for equalizing the air pressure in the compartment to ambient air pressure while preventing the movement of moisture into the airspace. 17. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 13 wherein said moisture-impervious seal includes a bendable, flexible, moisture-impervious tape having a layer of said moisture-impervious adhesive thereon and said vapor-impervious barrier includes a bendable, flexible, vapor-impervious tape mounted on said adhesive layer, said vapor-impervious tape having a width equal to or less than the width of said adhesive layer and said vapor-impervious tape mounted adjacent the peripheral edge of the collector subassembly with the adhesive in sealing contact with the outer marginal edges of the collector subassembly. 18. The improved solar collector as set forth in claim 17 wherein the bendable, flexible, moisture-impervious tape is made of a metal. 19. The improved solar collector as set forth in claim 17 wherein the bendable, flexible, vapor-impervious tape is made of a metal. 20. The improved solar collector as set forth in claim 17 wherein the bendable, flexible, vapor-impervious tape is made of synthetic resin polymers. 21. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 13 wherein said moisture-impervious seal and said vapor-impervious barrier includes a bendable, formable, moisture-impervious and vapor-impervious tape having a groove at opposed sides and said moisture-impervious adhesive in the grooves to provide an intermediate tape portion, said intermediate tape portion mounting the peripheral edge of the collector subassembly with said adhesive in sealing contact with the outer marginal edges of the collector subassembly. 22. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 21 wherein said bendable, formable, moisture-impervious, vapor-impervious tape includes a moisture-impervious tape and a vapor-impervious tape, said vapor-impervious tape having a width less than the width of the moisture-impervious tape. 23. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 13 wherein said vapor-impervious barrier is a bendable, flexible, moisture and vapor-impervious tape and said moisture-impervious seal is a first bead of said moisture-impervious adhesive adjacent one side of the tape and a second bead of said moisture-impervious adhesive adjacent the other side of the tape spaced from the first bead to provide an intermediate tape portion, said tape mounting the subassembly with the intermediate tape portion adjacent the peripheral edge of the subassembly and the first bead of said adhesive in sealing contact with the marginal edges of the cover plate and the second bead in sealing contact with the marginal edges of the absorber plate. 24. The improved solar collector as set forth in claim 13 wherein the cover plate is a glass sheet. 25. A solar heat collector comprising: a solar energy and infrared absorber having means for passing a heat absorbing medium therethrough; a first tempered glass sheet; a second tempered glass sheet; a moisture-impervious seal including a moisture-impervious adhesive having volatiles therein positioned over said vapor-impervious barrier and in sealing contact with said subassembly to prevent moisture from moving into the airspace. 26. The solar collector as set forth in claim 25 further including a layer of thermal-insulating material between said second spacer frame and said absorber. 27. The solar collector as set forth in claim 25 further including a thermal-insulating material on the outer surface of said absorber plate. 28. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 25 wherein said moisture-impervious seal includes a bendable, flexible, moisture-impervious tape having a layer of said moisture-impervious adhesive thereon and said vapor-impervious barrier includes a bendable, flexible, vapor-impervious tape mounted on said adhesive layer, said vapor-impervious tape having a width equal to or less than the width of said adhesive layer, said vapor-impervious tape mounted adjacent the peripheral edge of the collector subassembly with said adhesive in sealing contact with the outer marginal edges of the collector subassembly. 29. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 25 wherein said moisture-impervious seal and said vapor-impervious barrier includes a bendable, formable, moisture-impervious and vapor-impervious tape having a groove at opposed sides and said moisture-impervious adhesive in the grooves to provide an intermediate tape portion, said intermediate tape portion mounting the peripheral edge of the collector subassembly with said adhesive in sealing contact with the outer marginal edges of the collector subassembly. 30. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 29 wherein said bendable, formable, moisture-impervious, vapor-impervious tape includes a moisture-impervious tape and a vapor-impervious tape, said vapor-impervious tape having a width less than the width of the moisture-impervious tape. 31. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 25 wherein said vapor-impervious barrier is a bendable, flexible, moisture and vapor-impervious tape and said moisture-impervious seal is a first bead of said moisture-impervious adhesive adjacent one side of the tape and a second bead of said moisture-impervious adhesive adjacent the other side of the tape spaced from the first bead to provide an intermediate tape portion, said tape mounting the subassembly with the intermediate tape portion adjacent the peripheral edge of the subassembly and the first bead of said adhesive in sealing contact with the marginal edges of the second sheet and the second bead in sealing contact with the marginal edges of the absorber. 