The solar energy collector system of the present invention comprises a multi-element collector combined with an optical radiation concentrator system, which system is designed to permit optimization of the energy collection process by proper sequential flow of a heat-transfer fluid through the multi-elements of the collector system.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy collector system comprising: an elongated heat concentrating means of a predetermined cross sectional configuration, defining an outwardly opening cavity having a mirror inner surface; a multipartite heat collector means generally bisecting the cross sectional area of said cavity, and extending substantially along the length thereof; and including a conduit means in thermal contact with and extending along the length of said multipartite collector means said heat collector means includes at least two collector plate means, means mounting said plate means in spaced non-contacting relation in said heat concentration means whereby said plate means are thermally insulated from each other by insulating means, for circulating a heat transfer fluid from a source of supply through said conduit means to an exit means, wherein the direction and sequential flow of said heat transfer fluid through successively hotter parts of said conduit means is coordinated with the angle of tilt of said collector system and the angle of incidence of the radiant energy from the sun on said collector means so as to permit optimum energy collection. 2. The solar energy collector system as defined in claim 1 wherein said multipartite heat collector means comprises a plurality of aligned heat collector plates thermally insulated from each other. 3. The solar energy collector system as defined in claim 2 wherein said fluid conduit means comprises at least one conduit in thermal contact substantially along the length of each of said collector plates. 4. The solar energy collector system as defined in claim 3 wherein said fluid conduit means of said plurality of heat collector plates are interconnected in a manner so as to conduct the heat transfer fluid from said source of supply therethrough to said exit means in a proper sequential order to permit optimization of the energy collection process. 5. The solar energy collector system as defined in claim 4 including a plurality of conduits in thermal contact with each of said collector plates. 6. The solar energy collector system as defined in claim 3 wherein said heat collector means is provided with an exterior black coating. 7. The solar energy collector system as defined in claim 1 wherein said multipartite heat collector means comprises a pair of laminar heat collector plates, separated by thermal insulation. 8. The solar energy collector system as defined in claim 7 wherein said fluid conduit means comprises at least one conduit, fixed in intimate contact substantially along the length of each of said heat collector plates. 9. The solar energy collector system as defined in claim 1 including a transparent cover plate, fixed in a closing relation along the length of the open upper end of said heat concentrating means. 10. The solar energy collector system as defined in claim 7 wherein said conduit means comprises at least one channel defined in each of said laminar heat collector plates between it and said thermal insulation. 11. The solar energy collector system as defined in claim 7 including a plurality of said laminar heat collector plates and thermal insulation, disposed in a generally bisecting relation to the cross sectional area within said heat concentrating means and extending substantially the length thereof. 12. The solar energy collector system as defined in claim 11 including a tubular, transparent convection shield disposed about each of said pluralities. 13. The solar energy collector system as defined in claim 12 wherein said tubular shield is evacuated and sealed at its respective ends. 14. The solar energy collector system as defined in claim 8 including a plurality of said laminar heat collection plates and thermal insulation plates in a generally bisecting relation to the cross sectional area within said heat concentrating means and extending substantially the length thereof, and a tubular, evacuated, sealed convection shield disposed about each of said pluralities. 