An array of linear lenses is used as a combination roof-skylight-solar collector. The lenses are oriented at a given latitude to face the most remote of the earth's poles inclined by the local latitude angle. Moving absorbers are used to receive the sunlight at the focal spot of each lens. The absorbers move back and forth during the day as the sun's position changes, causing the focal spots to move.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy collector which comprises: a. a fixed panel of light transmitting material mounted at a given latitude to face the remote earth pole and including a plurality of linear lenses the axes of which extend parallel one to the other in an east-west direction to focus the sun's rays onto a plurality of focal lines behind said lens, b. an absorbing array comprising a like plurality of linear solar energy absorbing elements, at least one linear element for each of said lenses, mounted beneath said panel at the focal distance of said lenses and oriented parallel to said lenses, and c. means to move said array in daytime to maintain each of said elements always at the focal point for a given lens in compensation for variations in the sun's elevation angle relative to said panel. 2. The combination set forth in claim 1 in which linkage means couples said elements to form an array in which said elements move in unison in a plane beneath and parallel to said panel. 3. The combination set forth in claim 1 in which said energy absorbing elements are tubes interconnected for flow of a heat exchange fluid between said array and utilization means. 4. The combination set forth in claim 1 in which said elements include photovoltaic cells facing said panel to receive energy from said rays. 5. The combination set forth in claim 3 in which photovoltaic cells are mounted on said tubes facing said panel to receive energy from said rays to produce an electrical energy output with said fluid serving to cool said cells and deliver heat energy to said utilization means. 6. The combination set forth in claim 1 in which said lenses are cylindrical lenses. 7. The combination set forth in claim 6 in which said lenses are compound cylindrical lenses. 8. The combination set forth in claim 1 in which said lenses are bifocal Fresnel linear lenses. 9. The combination set forth in claim 1 in which said lenses are formed of a multiplicity of parallel prisms which focus incident light upon two parallel lines. 10. The combination set forth in claim 9 in which said two parallel lines are in a common plane parallel to the plane of said panel. 11. A heating lighting structure comprising: a. a light transmitting panel at a given latitude facing the most remote of the earth's poles and inclined at an angle corresponding to local latitude and formed of a plurality of side-by-side generally cylindrical lenses whose axes extend east-west, b. means for mounting said panel to transmit light therethrough into said structure, c. an array of linear absorbing elements mounted inside said structure in side-by-side relation with at least one said element at the focal distance from each said lens, and d. means responsive to daily changes in the elevation angle of the sun relative to said panel to vary the location of said array relative to said panel to maintain said elements at the focus of the sun's rays by said lenses. 12. The combination comprising: a. an elongated generally cylindrical lens to concentrate parallel incident rays of light onto a focal line, b. means fixedly mounting said lens with its major axis tilted to local latitude to face the most remote of the earth's poles and its longitudinal axis east-west, c. an elongated linear heat absorbent element below and parallel to said lens at the focal distance thereof, and d. means responsive to variations in the elevation angle of the sun relative to said cylindrical lens in its daytime travel to vary the north-south position of said element to maintain it at the point of focus of the sun's rays. 13. A bifocal linear lens comprising a multiplicity of parallel prisms which focus incident sunlight upon two parallel lines lying in a common plane beneath said lens. 14. The combination set forth in claim 13 in which said lens has a planar face subject to incident radiation. 15. The combination set forth in claim 13 in which said lens has a convex face subject to incident radiation. 16. In the conversion of solar energy, the method comprising: a. refracting, in an east-west oriented layer tilted to local latitude to face the most remote of the earth's poles, incident solar radiation to focus said radiation to a plurality of east-west lines common to a focal plane beneath said refracting plane, b. positioning interceptors for said rays along said lines to absorb heat from said rays at one time of day, and c. moving said interceptors to compensate for changes in north-south positions of said lines due to variation in the elevation angle of the sun relative to said refracting layer. 