A balanced bridge chopper circuit including four metal oxide semiconductor field effect transistors (MOSFETs) is driven by a remote oscillator connected through an isolator to modulate low-voltage low-frequency input signals at their remote source into a square wave A.C. output signal that can be conducted to a common point where it is amplified and demodulated for better linear measurement of said low-voltage signals. The oscillator is connected through the isolator to the bridge circuit in such a manner that opposing pairs of the bridge transistors are simultaneously conducting. The isolator may comprise a novel photovoltaic isolation device or it may consist of an isolation transformer or of other types of electrical isolation devices. The transistors and input and output terminals for the bridge circuit are shielded and are mounted on a heat sink consisting of a thermally conducting metal plate and/or a metal oxide single crystal which is in common with the shield and/or one terminal of the low-voltage source such that all leads and terminals are maintained at a constant temperature and preferably at the same temperature as the low-voltage source. Air currents are prevented from causing thermally induced voltages within the bridge circuit by the circuit shield and in some extreme cases by the use of a hermetically sealed shield for the critical circuit elements and connections. For accurately balancing out interelectrode capacitance-coupled gate drive to low-level channel signals, a pair of variable capacitors are connected between one output terminal of the bridge circuit and the gate of each of its two adjacent transistors. The balanced bridge chopper may be produced as a monolithic planar-silicon integrated circuit in which gate-to-channel capacitance balancing is accomplished during manufacturing in place of the variable capacitors. A novel balanced input filter and trimmer capacitors between the bridge output terminals and local ground greatly reduce 60 Hz. common mode noise. In a hybrid circuit embodiment of the bridge circuit, the individual MOSFET chips forming the bridge circuit are bonded and interconnected within a hermetically sealed and magnetically transparent metal oxide single crystalline container. Multiplexing circuitry is also disclosed for driving several chopper circuits from a single oscillator and for connecting the outputs from the chopper circuits to a single amplifier and demodulator at a remote location.
Claims What I claim is: 1. A chopper circuit for modulating a low-level signal from a source located adjacent a local ground which is electrically displaced from a reference ground comprising, in combination, a balanced bridge chopper including four normally-off MOSFETs with the source/drain contact of a different MOSFET connected into each of four legs extending between four terminals to form a square configuration, one pair of opposed terminals defining bridge input terminals and the other pair of opposed terminals defining bridge outout terminals, means for applying such low-level signal to said input terminals for modulation, heat sink means mounting said input and output terminals and said MOSFETS, said heat sink means maintaining said terminals and said MOSFETs at substantially the same temperature, capacitive balancing means between at least one of said output terminals and the gates of the two adjacent MOSFETs connected to such output terminal for capacitively balancing said bridge chopper, means for alternatively driving opposing pairs of said MOSFETs such that while one pair of opposing MOSFETs are simultaneously conducting the other pair are non-conducting whereby a square wave A.C. signal proportional in magnitude to such low-level signal is applied to said bridge output terminals, and means for connecting said bridge output terminals to a signal receiver located adjacent the reference ground without changing the magnitude of the signal applied to such receiver by the displacement between the reference ground and the local ground. 2. A chopper circuit, as set forth in claim 1, wherein MOSFET driving means includes a square wave source located adjacent a reference ground which is spaced from the local ground, and means for driving said MOSFETs from the output of said square wave source including means for electrically isolating said balanced bridge chopper from the direct output of said square wave source whereby the output from said balanced bridge chopper is unaffected by the electrical ground displacement between said square wave source and said balanced bridge chopper. 3. A chopper circuit, as set forth in claim 2, wherein said isolating means includes a transformer having a primary winding and two shielded center tapped secondary windings, means applying the output of said square wave source to said primary winding, shielded cable means connecting said secondary winding center taps to different ones of said bridge input terminals and connecting the four ends of said secondary windings to different ones of the gates of the four MOSFETs with the ends of each secondary winding connected to the gates of the two MOSFETs connected to the bridge input terminal connected to the center tap for such secondary winding, a shield surrounding said balanced bridge chopper, and means connecting the shields for said secondary windings, said cable means and said balanced bridge chopper to the local ground. 4. A chopper circuit, as set forth in claim 2, wherein said isolating means includes two optical isolation devices each comprising a light source and output means responsive to light from said light source for establishing a D.C. voltage, and wherein said driving means includes means connecting said output means from one optical isolation device between said bridge input terminals and the gates of one opposed pair of said MOSFETs, means connecting said output means from the other optical isolation device between said bridge input terminals and the gates of the other opposed pair of said MOSFETs, and means for alternately energizing the light sources in said two optical isolation devices whereby such devices alternately generate sufficient D.C. voltages for alternately turning on said pairs of opposed MOSFETs connected to such devices. 5. A chopper circuit, as set forth in claim 4, wherein said output means from each of said optical isolation devices comprises a D.C. voltage source connected in series with a photoconductor located adjacent the light source for such device. 6. A chopper circuit, as set forth in claim 4, wherein said output means from each of said optical isolation devices comprising a plurality of series connected photovoltaic diodes. 7. A chopper circuit, as set forth in claim 6, wherein for each optical isolation device, said light source is a gallium arsenide light emitting diode and said plurality of series connected diodes are formed as a single planar-silicon integrated circuit with said diodes located to be simultaneously illuminated by said light emitting diode. 8. A chopper circuit, as set forth in claim 7, and including a third optical isolation device similar to said two optical isolation devices, means for continuously energizing the light emitting diode in said third device, and means connecting the output means from said third optical isolation device between said bridge input terminals and a common connection to the substrate of said four MOSFETs for back-biasing said substrates. 9. A chopper circuit, as set forth in claim 1, and further including means mounting said heat sink means adjacent the low-level signal source for thermal conductivity with such signal source. 10. A chopper circuit, as set forth in claim 9, and further including two trimmer capacitors, one connected between each of said bridge output terminals and the local ground, said two trimmer capacitors reducing the dominant frequency common-mode signal at said bridge output terminals. 11. A chopper circuit, as set forth in claim 10, and further including a balanced twin-tee low pass filter having input and output terminals, said filter resonating at the frequency of the dominant common-mode signal, and means connecting said filter input and output terminals in series between the low-level signal source and said bridge input terminals, said heat sink means including means mounting said filter terminals. 12. A chopper circuit, as set forth in claim 9, and further including a balanced twin-tee low pass filter having input and output terminals, said filter resonating at the frequency of the dominant commom-mode signal, and means connecting said filter input and output terminals in series between the low-level signal source and said bridge input terminals, said heat sink means including means mounting said filter terminals. 13. A chopper circuit, as set forth in claim 9, wherein said means for connecting said bridge output terminals to such receiver includes a locally grounded preamplifier having an input connected to said bridge output terminals and a balanced output connected to a shielded coaxial cable transmission line, said transmission line conducting the amplifier bridge output to such reference grounded receiver, and means connecting said transmission line shielding to the local ground. 14. A chopper circuit, as set forth in claim 9, wherein said means for connecting said bridge output terminals to such receiver includes a shielded coaxial cable transmission line connecting said bridge output terminals to such distant reference grounded receiver, and means connecting said transmission line shielding to the local ground. 15. A chopper circuit, as set forth in claim 1, wherein said four MOSFETs and said capacitive balancing means are formed as a single integrated circuit. 16. A chopper circuit, as set forth in claim 1, wherein said capacitive balancing means comprises a first capacitor connected between said one output terminal and the gate of one adjacent MOSFET connected to said one output terminal, and a second capacitor connected between said one output terminal and the gate of the other adjacent MOSFET connected to said one output terminal, and wherein said four MOSFETs and said first and second capacitors are formed as a single integrated circuit. 