Solar heating apparatus for heating a heat transfer medium comprising a support structure, a light absorbing surface arranged to transmit heat to a heat transfer medium, focussing means mounted on said support structure for focussing solar energy upon the light absorbing surface, and tracking means for tracking movement of the sun and moving the focussing means relative to the support structure to maintain the solar energy focussed upon the light absorbing surface.
Claims I claim: 1. Solar heating apparatus for heating a heat transfer medium comprising a support structure, a solar energy absorbing surface which is at least partly spherical arranged to transmit heat to a heat transfer medium, focussing means mounted on said support structure for focussing solar energy upon the solar energy absorbing surface, tracking means for tracking movement of the sun and for rotating the focussing means relative to the support structure about first and second mutually perpendicular axes to maintain the solar energy focussed upon the solar energy absorbing surface, and support means for said absorbing surface, said support means being fixed relative to said focussing means and mounting said absorbing surface in a fixed location relative to said support structure and immovable relative thereto and such that said first and second axes intersect at the geometric center of said absorbing surface, said support means including concave surfaces which are of complementary configuration to said absorbing surface and which surround the spherical part of said absorbing surface. 2. Apparatus as in claim 1 wherein the portion of said support means forming said concave surfaces is constructed of thermal insulating material. 3. Apparatus as in claim 1 including a support yoke connected to the support structure for rotation about said first axis, said yoke being Y-shaped and having a stem and a pair of spaced support arms connected for rotation about said second axis, said focussing means being connected to said support arms, said stem being connected to a socket, said support structure including a shaft which mates with said socket and permits the yoke to rotate about said first axis, and the shaft being pivotally connected to the support structure about a horizontal axis which is parallel to the second axis and perpendicularly intersects the first axis, whereby the orientation of the first axis relative to the support structure can be adjusted according to the latitude of the place where the apparatus is to be used. 4. Apparatus as claimed in claim 3 wherein the stem of the yoke is mounted to the side of the socket so that it moves eccentrically with respect to said first axis and wherein heat transfer conduits extend to said light absorbing surface in fixed position generally along the line of said first axis and do not interfere with movement of the yoke. 5. Apparatus as claimed in claim 4 including an elevation servo-motor for controlling rotation of the yoke about said first axis and an azimuth servo-motor for controlling rotation of said support arms about said second axis. 6. Apparatus as claimed in claim 5 wherein the elevation servo-motor is mounted upon said shaft and the azimuth servo-motor is mounted on the yoke. 7. Apparatus as claimed in claim 5 wherein the elevation servo-motor drives a driving gear and said socket has mounted thereon a ring gear which meshes with the driving gear so that operation of the elevation servo-motor causes rotation of the yoke about said first axis, and wherein the drive shaft of the azimuth servo-motor is connected to a first screw-threaded member which is threadably engaged with second screw-threaded member, said second screw-threaded member being connected to said reflector assembly, the arrangement being such that the aximuth servo-motor rotates the first screw-threaded member and thereby causes relative movement between the first and second screw-threaded members and consequently causes the reflector assembly to rotate about said second axis. 8. Solar heating apparatus for heating a heat transfer medium comprising a support structure, a solar energy absorbing surface arranged to transmit heat to a heat transfer medium, focussing means having a principal optical axis, said forcussing means being mounted on said support structure for focussing solar energy upon the solar energy absorbing surface, and tracking means for tracking movement of the sun and for moving the focussing means relative to the support structure to maintain the solar energy focussed upon the solar energy absorbing surface, said tracking means comprising sensing means for sensing mis-orientations between the principal optical axis and the direction of the sun, said sensing means having an optical axis which is arranged to be parallel with the optical axis of the focussing means and including a pair of heat or light sensitive elements disposed on opposite sides of said optical axis, said elements being exposed to a different degree of solar radiation when said optical axis is mis-aligned with the direction of the sun, said sensing means also including shading means disposed along its optical axis for shading said heat or light sensitive elements in a predetermined manner when the optical axis of the sensing means is directed at the sun and for shading said heat or light sensitive elements in a manner which is different from the predetermined manner when the optical axis of the sensing means is not aligned with the direction of the sun, and drive means responsive to the sensing means and operable to move the focussing means relative to the support structure to a position in which its principal optical axis is aligned with the direction of the sun. 9. Apparatus as claimed in claim 8 wherein the shading means comprises a layer of opaque material spaced from and symmetrically disposed relative to said heat or light sensitive elements. 10. Apparatus as claimed in claim 9 wherein the sensing means further comprises a base upon which the heat or light sensitive elements are mounted and said layer is supported by a support member which extends from the base, said support member having reflective surfaces for reflecting light towards the elements when there is a large deviation between the optical axis of the sensing means and the direction of the sun. 11. Apparatus as claimed in claim 9 wherein the face of the layer of opaque material which faces the heat or light sensitive elements is reflective. 