A novel and simplified system and apparatus is disclosed herein for efficiently collecting and utilizing solar energy. Fundamentally the invention employs a reflector-supporting medium or frame which is mounted for orbital travel through a circular path extending transversely (preferably horizontally) to the vertical. A large substantially parabolic reflector unit is mounted on said supporting medium for swinging or oscillation, during travel of said support, on an axis extending at least close to the horizontal. A stationary boiler or generator is immovably supported on an upstanding rigid post or tower and has a spherical, exterior, heat-absorptive surface so positioned with relation to the orbital travel of the reflector-supporting medium, and also the up and down swinging of the reflector unit, that all reflected solar rays will be focused and strike against some spherical segment of the absorptive surface throughout the sun's varying trajectory from sunrise to sunset. Preferably, a heat-insulated shield member is employed, surrounding most of the exterior of the spherical boiler and rigidly supported from the reflector unit. This shield has a circular exposure recess which constantly varies its position relative to the boiler exterior during full-day operation of the system. The shield is mounted for free sliding and oscillatory movement relative to the spherical boiler. Sun-sensor tracking media actuates the up and down swinging of the reflector unit in synchronism with the varying elevation of the sun in its daily trajectory.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An earth-based, sun-tracking system for collecting and utilizing solar energy having in combination: a reflector-supporting medium mounted on earth or orbital travel through a curvilinear path extending transversely to the vertical, means synchronized with the horizontal increment of the sun's trajectory for driving said supporting medium through its orbital travel, a substantially parabolic, solar ray reflector mounted on said supporting medium for up and down swinging movement on a substantially horizontal axis, reversible driving means controlled by the elevational increment of the sun's trajectory for swinging said reflector during its orbital travel to constantly focus said reflector on the sun between sunrise and sunset, and a stationary solar generator mounted independently of said reflector-supported medium and having a generally spherical exterior surface constructed of material for absorbing solar rays and having a substantially vertical center line disposed axially of the travel orbit of said supporting medium, said generator having a horizontal center line disposed elevationally at least close to the horizontal axis of said reflector, whereby oscillation of said reflector through somewhat in excess of 90.degree. between lowest swinging movement at sun's highest elevational position and uppermost swinging position at sunrise and sunset will provide for focusing of said reflector on the sun during substantially a full day of the sun's trajectory. 2. The structure and combination set forth in claim 1 and an upstanding stationary support for said heat generator disposed concentrically of the orbital travel of said supporting medium. 3. The structure and combination set forth in claim 2, further characterized by a slotted portion extending radially downward in said reflector for accommodating said stationary support to permit downward swinging of said reflector unit to a maximum of at least 90.degree. from its uppermost swinging position. 4. The structure and combination of claim 1, wherein the positional relation of the parabolic reflective area of said reflector unit and said spherical heat generator is such that the axial center line of said unit passes substantially horizontally through the center of said generator in uppermost swinging of said unit, and said reflective area is always in focus with the exposure aperture of said shroud during operation of the system. 5. The combination and structure set forth in claim 1 wherein: a shroud and shielding member symmetrical to the upper portion of said exterior spherical surface of said generator is provided having a substantially circular exposure aperature for variably exposing areas of the exterior generator during operation of said system, said shroud and shielding member being freely movable upon the exterior surface of said generator, and connecting means between and shielding member for variably positioning said shielding member during orbital and oscillating movements of said reflector. 6. The structure and combination set forth in claim 5, and rigid connection and supporting means between said reflector unit and said shroud for precisely supporting said shroud in concentric relation with said spherical generator during orbital and tilting variations of said reflector unit during the operation of said system. 7. The structure and combination set forth in claim 5 wherein said connections constitute substantially rigid elements extending radially inwardly of said reflector for attachment of said shroud. 8. For use with sun-tracking sensor means and circuit-controlling systems responsively operated by said means, a system for collecting and utilizing solar energy having in combination: a reflector-supporting medium mounted for orbital travel through a substantially circular horizontal path, a large substantially parabolic reflector unit mounted on said support for swinging oscillation thereon upon a substantially horizontal axis, a stationary, solar ray, heat-absorbing medium having a substantially horizontal axis disposed coaxially of the said axis of the reflector unit and having also a substantially vertical axis coaxial with the axis of orbital travel of said mounting medium, said heat-absorbing medium having a generally spherical exposure area, generally spherical shielding means covering the exposure area of the heat-absorbing medium having an exposure opening through which reflected solar rays may pass, means synchronizing movement of said shielding means upon the overall spherical exposure area of said heat-absorbing medium with the orbital and tilting movement of the said reflector unit, mechanism for producing orbital travel of said mounting in synchronism with the linear horizonal trajectory of the sun between sunrise and sunset, and a reversible motor for oscillating said reflector unit. 9. The structure and combination set forth in claim 8 wherein the positional and focal relationship of said reflector unit and said heat-absorbing medium is such that in uppermost, swingable oscillation of said reflector unit its axial center line extends through the center of said heat-absorbing medium along a substantially horizontal line, and where the focus of said total reflective area is upon said exposure opening throughout the operation of said system. 10. The structure and combination set forth in claim 8 wherein said means synchronizing movement of said shielding means comprises connections between said reflector unit and said shielding means. 