Solar radiation is concentrated on a solar cell of a photovoltaic device in the range of 500 to 1600 suns. the photovoltaic device includes a plurality of solar cells on a flat surface of a heat sink, and means for concentrating solar radiation on the solar cells. The solar cells have a surface on which the solar light is incident. This high concentration of solar energy on the solar cell will increase the solar cell operating temperature. The dimensions of the solar cells and the center to center spacing between solar cells is such that good thermal dissipation is maintained in the photovoltaic device.
Claims We claim: 1. In a method of fabricating a photovoltaic device having a heat sink with a flat surface, a plurality of solar cells, each of which has an incident surface on which solar radiation is capable of impinging and separated means for concentrating solar radiation on the incident surface of each solar cell, the step of: mounting said solar cells in spaced relation on the flat surface of said heat sink with one half the center to center spacing, r.sub.f, between said solar cells being related to the area of said solar cell incident surface by the formula (r.sub.o).sup.1/2 .gtoreq. (C) (r.sub.f).sup.2 where "r.sub.o " is the radius of a circle equivalent in area to the incident surface of said solar cell, and "C" is a constant determined by the heat dissipation quality of said heat sink with "C" being approximately equal to ##EQU7## wherein "A" is equal to 1 when ##EQU8## .DELTA.T is the rise in the temperature above ambient of said heat sink and solar cell, "w" is the thickness of said heat sink, "q.sub.o " is that portion of the incident solar energy flux on each cell which is converted into heat, "k" is the thermal conductivity of said heat sink, and " " is a combination of the radiation and convection coefficients of said heat sink. 2. The method in accordance with claim 1 wherein the means for concentrating solar radiation on the incident surface of said solar cell has a magnification power in the range of 500 to 1600. 3. The method in accordance with claim 2 where "A" is equal to the Bessel function relation: ##EQU9## where I.sub.o is the Modified Bessel function of the first kind and first order; I.sub.l is the Modified Bessel function of the first kind and second order; K.sub.o is the Modified Bessel function of the second kind and first order; and K.sub.l is the Modified Bessel function of the second kind and second order. 4. The method in accordance with claim 3 wherein the combination of the radiation and convection coefficents, , is determined by the atmospheric conditions at the surface of said heat sink, the emissivity of the heat sink surfaces and the surface area of said heat sink. 5. The method in accordance with claim 1, wherein the means for concentrating solar radiation are refractory lenses, with each lens spaced from an associated solar cell so as to focus solar radiation traversing said lens onto the incident surface of said solar cell. 6. The method in accordance with claim 1 wherein the means for concentrating solar radiation are reflecting lenses with each lens spaced from a solar cell so as to focus solar radiation striking said lens onto the incident surface of said solar cell. 7. The method in accordance with claim 1 wherein said heat sink is provided with fins in separated relation on a surface opposite said flat surface, projecting from and approximately perpendicular to said opposite surface. 8. The method in accordance with claim 1, wherein the solar cell is cylindrical in shape with the incident surface circular in area and the separated means for concentrating solar radiation are each circular in shape. 