Disclosed are non-imaging systems and devices for collection and concentration of electromagnetic energy and particularly solar energy including one or more longitudinally-extending, generally trough-shaped bodies having curving inner reflective walls for concentration of energy from a relatively large entrance aperture toward a relatively small exit aperture. Solar energy concentrators of the invention include energy traps and collect and concentrate substantial amounts of direct solar energy, even at solstice, without substantial diurnal tracking.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Solar energy collection and utilization apparatus, said apparatus comprising: a concentrator element means for collecting and concentrating solar energy including, a pair of longitudinally extending substantially parallel walls having substantially concavely sloping opposing inner solar energy reflective surfaces, the upper edges of said surfaces defining solar energy inlet means, said concentrator element having an optical axis determinable by reference to distances separating opposing upper reflecting surface edges, said concentrator element further having a field of acceptance for solar energy and an angular acceptance including a maximum angle of acceptance within said field, determinable at said energy inlet and with respect to said optical axis; and solar energy trap means operatively associated with said concentrator element reflecting surfaces for receiving solar energy concentrated by said surfaces, the profile curve of at least a portion of each said concavely sloping reflecting surface being shaped to substantially assume the maximum possible slope consistent with reflecting the maximum angle solar energy rays which enter the concentrator energy inlet means within said field of acceptance onto said solar energy trap means, and wherein the dimensions of said energy inlet and said profile curve of said reflecting surfaces are such that said field of acceptance is capable of including an arc segment of coordinates equal to those described by the apparent motion of the sun within at least one hour before and after reaching zenith point at solstice. 2. Apparatus according to claim 1 further comprising a plurality of said concentrator elements and means mounting said concentrator elements to extend longitudinally substantially parallel to each other. 3. Apparatus according to claim 2 wherein said mounting means comprise box frame means. 4. Apparatus according to claim 2 further including transparent protective film means overlaying said concentrator elements. 5. Apparatus according to claim 2 wherein said solar energy trap means is common to all said concentrator elements. 6. Apparatus according to claim 2 wherein said mounting means includes means mounting said concentrator elements for seasonal tracking of apparent solar motion. 7. Apparatus according to claim 6 wherein said means mounting for seasonal tracking for apparent solar motion comprise means mounting for movement exclusively in a relative north-south direction. 