An arrangement utilizing solar energy for heating a building having channel spaces in the roof, the outer walls, and the floor, all mutually communicating in series with each other in at least one cross-section of said building and being sealed toward the surrounding atmosphere, a preferably plane solar heat absorbing body being located in one or more of the channel spaces, which channels extend in the circulation path of the air stream along such a body, and a separate channel space including a heat-accumulating magazine.
Claims I claim: 1. In a building structure provided with solar heating means, comprising a solar heat-exchange chamber and air-circulating channel means extending between opposite ends of said heat-exchange chamber and communicating therewith to form a closed air-circulation loop about at least a portion of said building structure, said solar heat-exchange channel comprising a light-pervious front panel exposed to solar light and solar light-absorbing means positioned to receive solar light by way of said front panel and to convert a substantial portion of said light to heat, the improvement comprising: means mounting said light-absorbing means to divide said heat-exhange chamber into a front channel extending between said light-absorbing means and said light-pervious front panel, and a rear by-pass channel extending between said light-absorbing means and a rear wall of said heat-exchange chamber; and air-flow responsive check valve means associated with said front channel for automatically reducing the air flow through said front channel when the solar heat-producing radiations reaching said solar light absorbing means are strongly reduced or absent, and for permitting said air flow to increase when said radiation increases. 2. The structure of claim 1, wherein said check valve means is biased toward a closed position in which said air flow is reduced, and is responsive to air flow through said front channel in only one direction to be opened. 3. The structure of claim 2, wherein said front channel slopes upwardly and said check valve means is pivotably mounted at the higher end of said front channel substantially to close off said front channel at low rates of air flow from said front channel, thereby to divert air flow from said air-circulating channel means through said rear by-pass channel. 4. The structure of claim 1, comprising a plurality of jet nozzles mounted in said air-circulating channel means and means supplying said nozzles with air under pressure, said nozzles being oriented in opposite directions to control the direction and speed of air circulating in said air-circulating channel means. 5. The structure of claim 1, comprising a heat magazine in heat-exchange relation with air in said air-circulating channel means for storing heat supplied thereto, and electric heater means in said magazine adjacent one end thereof. 6. The structure of claim 1, comprising fresh-air fan means and associated inlet duct means for introducing fresh air into the room space in said building, and spent air fan means and associated outlet duct means for venting spent air from said room space; said structure comprising heat-storing magazine means said fresh air duct means serving to deliver said fresh air to said room space by way of said magazine means. 