Disclosed is a light emitting diode display system powered by ambient light. This solid state electronic display device comprises an ambient irradiated photovoltaic battery energizing through an electronic adapter circuit light emitting diodes selectively chosen to display the desired information. The adapter circuit transforms the electrical power continuously supplied by the photovoltaic battery into energy pulses which are periodically applied to the display. In addition, the adapter circuit automatically adjusts the display brightness in accordance with the ambient illumination level. At low and zero light levels, the electronic display device maintains a visible display by deriving power from a secondary energy source.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In an electronic timepiece display apparatus having a clock circuit for generating a clock signal and a plurality of display signals, each generated display signal corresponding to a desired electroluminescent element to be activated, the improvement comprising: a plurality of electroluminescent display elements; a photovoltaic source generating a voltage as a function of the amount of ambient light irradiating said source; storage means coupled to said photovoltaic source for storing the output of said photovoltaic source and for producing a voltage in relation to the stored source output; logic circuit means coupled to said photovoltaic source and to said clock circuit for generating an output signal in the form of a series of pulses which are synchronized with the clock frequency of said clock circuit and width modulated in accordance with the output of said photovoltaic source; switching means coupled between said storage means and each of said electroluminescent elements; and means coupling an output of said logic circuit means and the display signal generating portion of said clock circuit to said switching means to activate a particular electroluminescent element by the corresponding display signal appearing at the display signal outputs of said clock circuit coincident with a signal appearing at the output of said logic circuit means. 2. An electronic timepiece display apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising: means for generating a reference voltage; and comparator means for comparing the voltage across said storage means with said reference voltage and for generating a logic output signal when the voltage across said storage means is greater than said reference voltage; wherein said logic circuit has a first input coupled to the logic output of said comparator means and a second input coupled to the clock signal output of said clock circuit, said logic circuit generating an output signal commencing with the appearance of a clock signal at said clock signal output subsequent to and coincident with a signal appearing at said comparator output and ending with the disappearance of said signal at said comparator output. 3. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein said means coupling said logic circuit output and said display signal generating portion to said switching means comprises a plurality of AND gate circuits each having first and second inputs, the outputs of said gate circuits being coupled to corresponding individual switch means connected between said storage means and a corresponding electroluminescent element, said first AND gate inputs being coupled in common to the output of said logic circuit and said second AND gate inputs being coupled to respective display signal outputs of said clock circuit. 4. The apparatus according to claim 2, further comprising a secondary voltage source and means coupling said secondary source to the junction of said storage means and said photovoltaic source for supplying energy to said storage means when the voltage output of said photovoltaic source falls below a predetermined minimum level. 5. The apparatus according to claim 4, wherein said means coupling said secondary source to said storage means and photovoltaic source comprises a resistor. 6. The apparatus according to claim 2, further comprising: a secondary voltage source; second storage means for storing the output of said secondary voltage source; means for generating a second reference voltage level which is higher than the first reference voltage level; second comparator means for comparing the voltage output of said photovoltaic source with said second reference voltage and for generating a second logic output signal when the output voltage of said photovoltaic source is lower than said second reference voltage; and further logic circuit means coupled to the output of said second comparator means for coupling the output of said second storage means to said selected electroluminescent elements during the period of generation of said second logic output signal. 7. The apparatus according to claim 6, further comprising: detector means for detecting ambient illumination and for generating a signal proportional thereto; and a modulator coupled to and controlled by the output of said detector means; and wherein said further logic circuit means comprises an AND gate circuit having one input coupled to the output of said second comparator means, a second input coupled to the output of said modulator and an output coupled to a further switching means interposed between said second storage means and said electroluminescent elements. 8. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising: second storage means for storing electrical energy from a secondary voltage source; a second logic control circuit and switching means for connecting said second storage means to the electroluminescent elements when the ambient irradiation is weak, said switching means being disconnected when the irradiation of the photovoltaic source is sufficient for energizing the electroluminescent elements. 9. The apparatus according to claim 8, in which the first switching means comprises common switch means for disconnecting the first storage means from the second storage means at low illumination levels. 10. An electronic timepiece display apparatus controlled by a clock circuit generating a clock signal and including a decoder producing a plurality of display signals, the improvement comprising: a plurality of electroluminescent display elements; a photovoltaic battery generating electrical power as a function of the amount of ambient light irradiating said battery; storage means for storing the output power of said photovoltaic battery and delivering a voltage in relation to the stored energy; means for generating a reference voltage level; comparator means for comparing the voltage across said storage means with said reference voltage and for generating a logic output signal when the voltage across said storage means is greater than said reference voltage; logic means having inputs coupled to the logic output of said comparator means and to the clock signal output of said clock circuit, said logic means producing an output signal starting at the onset of said clock signal and vanishing at the end of said comparator output; switching means inserted between the output of said storage means and each of said electroluminescent elements; and control means for selectively activating said switching means to couple said storage means to a number of selected electroluminescent elements to energize said elements selected by the display signals, said control means having first inputs coupled to the logic output of said logic means for automatic adjustment of the display brightness and second inputs coupled to the display outputs of said clock circuit for selecting the particular electroluminescent elements to be activated. 11. The apparatus according to claim 10, further comprising: a second non-photovoltaic energy source; and coupling means between this secondary energy source and the storage means in order to provide a supplementary flow of energy to these storage means at low illumination level. 12. The apparatus according to claim 11, the coupling means between the second energy source and the storage means being a resistor in which the current flows from the secondary energy source to the storage means at low illumination levels, and flows from the storage means to the secondary energy source and recharges it at high illumination levels. 13. The apparatus according to claim 10, further comprising: a secondary energy source; second storage means for storing the output of said secondary energy source and delivering a voltage in relation to the stored energy; means for generating a second reference voltage level which is higher than the first reference voltage level; second comparator means for comparing the voltage output of said photovoltaic source with said second reference voltage and for generating a second logic output signal when the output voltage of said photovoltaic source is lower than said second reference voltage; and further logic and switching means controlled by the output of said second comparator means for coupling the output of said second storage means to said selected electroluminescent elements during the period of generation of said second logic output signal. 14. The apparatus according to claim 13, in which the logic means comprises an AND logical gate with two inputs, one of which is connected to the output of the second comparator through an inverter and the other of which is connected to the output of a modulator controlled by an ambient radiation detector, said AND circuit delivering an output signal controlling the second switching means inserted between said second storage means and the first switching means. 15. The apparatus according to claim 10, the control means for selectively activating said switching means comprising a single electronic switch controlled by the logic means and controlling the supply of power to the decoder. 