A heating and air conditioning system and a special variable volume terminal box associated therewith, the system utilizing energy dissipated by the lighting and other building facilities in a controlled manner through the functioning of the variable volume terminal box.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A variable volume terminal box, said box comprising first and second air flow channels, each of said channels being isolated from the other and each comprising an input port and an output port, said input port of said first channel being connectable to a source of cool air under pressure and said output port of said first channel being connectable to a plenum opening into the enclosure, said input port of said second channel being connectable to a source of heated air and said output port of said second channel being connectable to said plenum, damping means arranged in said first channel for controlling air flow through said first channel, first conduit means for connecting an air space of an enclosure to the source of cool air to provide a first closed air flow passageway, an air flow sensor mounted in said output port of said first channel, a heating element mounted in said second channel, an electric blower mounted in said output port of said second channel, second conduit means for connecting the enclosure to the source of heated air to provide a second closed air flow passageway, first means actuated upon a first predetermined reduction in temperature in the enclosure for actuating said damping means to reduce the flow of air through said first channel and upon a second reduction in temperature energizing said electric blower to cause air flow from the source of heated air through said second channel to the enclosure, and second means for energizing said heating element to heat the air flow through said second channel upon predetermined further drop of temperature in the enclosure. 2. The apparatus set forth in claim 1 wherein: said first means comprises a pneumatic means. 3. The apparatus set forth in claim 2 wherein: said second means comprises a pneumatic actuated switch controlled by the air flow through said first passageway. 4. Apparatus for air conditioning an enclosure comprising: a variable volume terminal box, said box comprising first and second air flow channels, each of said channels being isolated from the other and each comprising an input port and an output port, said input port of said first channel being connectable to a source of cool air under pressure and said output port of said first channel being connectable to a plenum opening into the enclosure, said input port of said second channel being connectable to a source of heated air and said output port of said second channel being connectable to said plenum, damping means arranged in said first channel for controlling air flow through said first channel, first conduit means for connecting the air space of the enclosure to said source of cool air to provide a first closed air flow passageway, an air flow sensor mounted in said output port of said first channel, a heating element mounted in said second channel, an electric blower mounted in said output port of said second channel, second conduit means for connecting the enclosure to said source of heated air to provide a second closed air flow passageway, a thermostat for mounting in the enclosure, means actuated by said thermostat upon a first predetermined reduction in temperature in the enclosure for actuating said damping means to reduce the flow of air through said first channel and upon a second reduction in temperature energizing said electric blower to cause air flow from said source of heated air through said second channel to the enclosure, and means for energizing said heating element to heat the air flow through said second channel upon predetermined further drop of temperature in the enclosure. 5. The apparatus set forth in claim 4 wherein: said means actuated by said thermostat comprises a pneumatic means. 6. The apparatus set forth in claim 5 wherein: said means for energizing said heating element comprises a pneumatic actuated switch controlled by the air flow through said first passageway. 7. The apparatus set forth in claim 6 wherein: said means for energizing said heating element is actuated to complete an electric circuit through said heating element upon a predetermined reduction of air flow through said first passageway. 8. The apparatus set forth in claim 7 wherein: said source of heated air comprises heat radiated by electric lights used in the enclosure. 9. The apparatus set forth in claim 7 wherein: said source of heated air comprises solar energy rays absorbed by at least a part of the enclosure. 