An automatically variable d.c. voltage source supplies a control signal to a dimmer circuit that controls the brightness of a high intensity gas discharge lamp in response to a varying d.c. voltage. The automatically variable d.c. voltage source produces a varying d.c. voltage at its output which is functionally related to the difference between a voltage from a stable reference voltage source and a voltage produced by a photocell circuit which is responsive to the light level of an area illuminated by the lamp controlled by the dimmer circuit. The variable d.c. source includes circuitry for indicating relamping conditions.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In combination with a high intensity gas discharge lamp, a dimmer circuit for controlling the brightness thereof comprising: ballast means connected to the lamp and connectable to an ac power distribution line; said ballast means including a reactor portion; gated bypass means for providing at least partial bypass of current around said reactor portion of said ballast means; controllable gate source voltage means operably connected to said gated bypass means for controllably rendering said gated bypass means conductive, and thereby bypassing said reactor portion of said ballast means; and a capacitor connected across the lamp to prevent extinguishing of the lamp during rapid and sudden dimming. 2. An automatic energy control lighting system for maintaining substantially constant illumination over a work area with time, comprising: one or more lamps for projecting light over a work area; an electrical signal source generating a bias signal that is automatically variable in response to changes in the total illumination level over the work area as detected by a photocell circuit; a buffer circuit to convert the variable bias signal to a higher signal level, said buffer circuit having means for regulating the rate of change of the higher level signal to provide a system to prevent rapid changes thereof in response to transient ambient stimuli; and power control means for adjusting the power supplied to said lamps in response to the higher level signal to alter the light output of said lamps to maintain substantially constant illumination of the work area over time. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising: indicator means for monitoring the voltage supplied to said power control means to provide an indication of a relamp condition. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein said indicator means includes: comparator means for comparing the voltage supplied to said power control means with a reference voltage, said comparator providing an output signal when the voltage to said power control means reaches the level prescribed by the reference voltage; and oscillator means responsive to the output signal from said comparator means for driving a light source indicator. 5. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising: an output network coupled to a plurality of voltage inputs, including said buffer circuit, said network serving to apply a selected voltage input to said power control means; and a switch network for selecting a desired voltage input to be received by said output network and to be applied to said power control means. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, further comprising: indicator means for monitoring the converted signal from said buffer means to provide an indication of a relamp condition. 7. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein said power control means is a dimmer circuit suitable for controlling the brightness of a high intensity discharge lamp. 8. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising: a capacitor connectable across each lamp to prevent extinguishing of the lamp during rapid and sudden dimming. 9. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein said electrical signal source comprises: a reference signal source producing a stable electrical signal representative of a desired illumination level to be maintained over the work area; a photocell circuit for monitoring the total illumination level over the work area; and amplifier means connected to said reference signal source and said photocell circuit for producing said variable bias signal, which bias signal is functionally related to the difference between the existing illumination level over the work area and the desired illumination level. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the variable bias signal from said amplifier means is a variable d.c. voltage. 11. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein said amplifier means is a differential amplifier. 12. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein said photocell circuit comprises: a photovoltaic cell providing an output current which varies linearly with light incident upon it; and an amplifier connected to said photovoltaic cell presenting an input impedance which approximates a short circuit. 13. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein said reference signal source includes an amplifier providing a constant voltage determined by a voltage divider network and a voltage regulator network coupled to separate inputs of the amplifier. 14. An automatically variable d.c. voltage source suitable for use with a lamp dimmer circuit that adjusts the light output of a lamp illuminating a work area in response to a variable d.c. bias, comprising: a reference signal source producing a stable, continuous electrical signal level representative of a level of illumination desired over a work area; photocell circuit means for detecting the level of illumination produced by a light source over a work area and producing a variable level signal representative of the level of illumination over the work area; amplifier means connected to said reference signal source and said photocell circuit means for automatically producing a variable d.c. bias signal functionally related to the difference between the level of illumination over the work area and the desired illumination level for the work area; and a buffer circuit to convert said variable d.c. bias signal to a higher signal level, said buffer comprising a controlled current source having a capacitor at its output to form an integrator that regulates the rate of change of the higher level d.c. bias signal to prevent rapid changes thereof in response to transient ambient stimuli. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein said photocell circuit means comprises: a photovoltaic cell providing an output current which varies linearly with light incident upon it; and an amplifier connected to said photovoltaic cell presenting an input impedance which is approximately zero; and wherein said amplifier means is a differential amplifier producing a variable d.c. voltage. 16. The apparatus of claim 14, further comprising: indicator means for monitoring the signal produced by said amplifier means to provide an output signal when the signal from said amplifier means reaches a prescribed level. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein said indicator means comprises a reference voltage source and a voltage comparator which produces the output signal. 18. The apparatus of claim 15, further comprising: indicator means for monitoring the d.c. voltage produced by said differential amplifier to provide an output signal when the d.c. voltage reaches a prescribed level; said indicator means comprising a reference voltage input means and a voltage comparator connected to said reference voltage input means and said differential amplifier; said voltage comparator producing the output signal. 19. The apparatus of claim 18, further comprising: an output network coupled to said differential amplifier; and a switch network connected to said output network and said differential amplifier for selecting a desired output signal level to be available from said output network. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein said output network includes an output lead, a first diode connecting the output lead to the positive supply potential, and a second diode connecting the output lead to the negative supply potential; said diodes serving as protection devices for the circuitry connecting to said output network. 21. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein said indicator means includes a flasher unit having a relaxation oscillator; said flasher unit comprising: a unijunction transistor; a light emitting diode; a first resistor connecting the cathode of said light emitting diode to said unijunction transistor; and a second resistor in parallel with said light emitting diode for conducting leakage current through said unijunction transistor to ground. 22. The apparatus of claim 15, further comprising a pair of diodes connected in parallel with said photovoltaic cell; said pair of diodes being connected with the anode of each diode coupled to the cathode of the other. 