A solar heating system of the closed type comprises a solar collector, a water storage tank, and water lines therebetween. The solar collector preferably comprises a continuous length of tubing coiled in a helical array of closely adjacent turns, having a water inlet communicating with the outermost turn and a water outlet communicating with the innermost turn. Comparatively cold water is taken from a water outlet adjacent the bottom of the storage tank and is pumped through a line to the water inlet of the solar collector, and heated water is supplied from the solar collector water outlet, together with cold water from an external supply, to a common inlet adjacent the top of the storage tank. The water line between the solar collector water outlet and the tank water inlet includes a U-shaped section disposed external of the tank and having legs at least equal to the height of the tank, to provide a heat trap which minimizes the loss of heat from the tank.
Claims Having thus described my invention I claim: 1. A solar heating system comprising a solar collector constructed to receive solar radiation and having a water inlet for admitting water to said collector to be heated by said solar radiation, said solar collector including a hot water outlet for the egress of heated water from said collector, a water storage tank, supply means for supplying compratively cold water to said tank at a cold water inlet adjacent the top of said tank, a cold water outlet from said tank located adjacent the bottom of said tank, a first water line connecting said cold water outlet of said tank to said water inlet of said solar collector, a second water line connecting said hot water outlet of said solar collector to said cold water inlet of said tank, said second water line including a heat trap comprising a substantially U-shaped water line section external of said tank extending from said solar collector hot water outlet vertically downward past the top of said tank to a position adjacent the bottom of said tank and then vertically upward to said cold water inlet of said tank adjacent the top of said tank, and a hot water outlet adjacent the top of said tank for extracting heated water from said tank for utilization. 2. The structure of claim 1 wherein said storage tank includes an internal filler tube extending vertically from the water inlet adjacent the top of said tank toward the bottom of said tank, said filler tube opening into said tank at a position vertically above the cold water outlet of said tank and vertically below the hot water outlet of said tank whereby water from said supply means and hot water from said solar collector are each admitted to the interior of said tank at a common interior tank location disposed between said cold and hot water tank outlets. 3. The structure of claim 2 wherein said solar collector comprises a sealed housing, a continuous length of tubing coiled in a substantially coplanar helical array of closely adjacent turns within said housing, one face of said housing being transparent to admit solar radiation to the interior of said housing, the plane of said helical tubing array being disposed substantially parallel to said transparent housing face. 4. The structure of claim 3 wherein said solar collector water inlet is connected to the outermost turn of said helical array, said solar collector water outlet being connected to the innermost turn of said helical array. 5. The structure of claim 4 wherein said solar collector is positioned above the top of said storage tank. 6. The structure of claim 5 including a pump coupled to one of said water lines for circulating water from said tank through said helical array back to said tank, and control means for selectively activating said pump. 7. The structure of claim 6 wherein said pump is coupled to said first water line. 8. The structure of claim 6 wherein said control means includes means responsive to the temperature of the water in said solar collector. 9. The structure of claim 6 wherein said control means comprises means for monitoring the temperature of the water adjacent the bottom of said storage tank, means for monitoring the temperature of the water in said solar collector adjacent the innermost turns of said helical array, and means responsive to a predetermined difference between said two temperatures for activating said pump. 10. The structure of claim 1 wherein said storage tank includes a normally de-energized electrical heater, and means for selectively energizing said heater to supplement the water heating operating of said solar collector. 