An optical apparatus for determining the level of the contents in a container using a reflected light beam that sweeps across two adjacent photocells while the container is being filled. The light beam is reflected from the surface of the contents in the container so that as the level of the contents varies the reflected light beam correspondingly travels from one photocell to the other. The photocells are electrically connected in opposed relationship and the differential output therefrom is arranged to trigger a relay when the level of the contents reaches a predetermined height. The container is rotated about its vertical axis during filling so that the light reflected from the gradually raising upper surface of the contents is reflected from a rotating annulus of said surface thereby providing more effective detection of the level of a particulate or segmented product in the container.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Apparatus for filling a container to a predetermined level comprising means for supporting a container having a vertical axis of generation, means for filling said container with a product, means for rotating the container and product about said axis, a light source, a first lens for focusing the light from said light source upon a spot on a rotating annulus that is concentric with said axis and is formed on the top surface of the product in said container, a second lens positioned so as to receive at least a portion of the light reflected from said annulus, a photodetector means having a pair of photosensitive elements positioned directly adjacent to each other in a plane parallel to the plane of said second lens, said photosensitive elements being electrically connected so that an output signal is provided therefrom which is indicative of the relative amounts of light received by each of the elements, said second lens being positioned with respect to said photodetector means and said rotating annulus so that said light reflected from said spot on said annulus is focused on said photodetector means, said photodetector means being capable of providing a continuous measurement of the angle between said lenses about said spot on said rotating annulus to thereby provide continuous measurement of the level of the top surface of the product in said container, and control means connected to said photodetector means and to said means for filling the container for stopping said means for filling the container in response to said output signal when said top surface of the product in said container reaches said predetermined level. 2. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said photosensitive elements are photovoltaic elements connected in opposed relationship. 3. Apparatus according to claim 1 including means for detecting the absence of light from said light source, said last named means being connected to said means for filling said container in order to stop the filling of the container if said light source is extinguished. 4. Apparatus according to claim 1 including means for vibrating said container as the container is being filled. 5. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said apparatus further includes means for varying the location of said light source, lenses and photodetector with respect to the location of the container to permit the filling of different predetermined levels within the container. 6. Apparatus according to claim 5 wherein said location varying means comprises a housing for said light source, lenses and said photodetector, a mounting bracket, and means for mounting said housing on said bracket for adjustable vertical movement. 7. Apparatus for filling a container to a predetermined level comprising means for supporting a container, means for filling said container with a product, a lamp, a transmitting lens, said transmitting lens directing illumination from the lamp in a direction generally parallel to the longitudinal axis of the container to a spot on the top surface of the product in the container, said spot being radially displaced from the center axis of the container, means for rotating the container so that the spot traverses an annulus on said top surface that is concentric with said axis, a pair of photosensitive elements positioned directly adjacent to each other, said photosensitive elements being electrically connected so that an output signal is provided therefrom which is indicative of the relative amount of light received by each of said photosensitive elements, a receiving lens for receiving illumination reflected from said spot on said rotating annulus and for focusing said reflected illumination on said photosensitive elements, the amount of light focused on each of said photosensitive elements being determined by the level of the spot on the annulus on the top surface of the product in said container, integrating circuitry connected to receive said output signal and to integrate said output signal whereby the output of said integrating circuitry is representative of the average level of the rotating annulus, and control means connected to said integrating circuitry and to said means for filling the container for stopping said means for filling the container when the average level of said top surface of the product in said container reaches said predetermined level. 8. Apparatus according to claim 7 wherein said photosensitive elements are angularly displaced with respect to the lamp about said top surface of said contents so as to be located vertically above a point outside of said container. 