Solar heating apparatus, including a reflector assembly made up of multiple adjustable cylindrical reflector bodies which direct the sun's rays toward a heat collector.
Claims It is claimed and desired to secure by Letters Patent: 1. In solar heating apparatus, heat collector means for collecting solar heat, a canopy disposed over said heat collector means including multiple elongate cylindrical reflector bodies disposed substantially parallel to one another in said canopy, said reflector bodies having reflector surfaces extending axially therealong disposed internally thereof operating to reflect the sun's rays so that such pass to the collector means, and means for adjusting said reflector bodies by rotating them about their axes whereby to compensate for a change in the angle of incidence of the sun's rays against the reflector surfaces in the passage of such rays toward the collector means. 2. The heating apparatus of claim 1, wherein said reflector surfaces of the reflector bodies are angularly offset from parallelism whereby to focus the sun's rays on the collector means. 3. The heating apparatus of claim 1, wherein the canopy is adjustable to alter the position of all the reflector bodies simultaneously. 4. The heating apparatus of claim 1, wherein said reflector bodies in said canopy collectively define a plane and wherein a substantially imperforate light pervious holder substantially paralleling said plane rotatably supports said reflector bodies. 5. The heating apparatus of claim 4, wherein said light pervious holder comprises an expanse of light pervious material channeled over one side thereof to provide revolvable seats for said bodies. 6. In solar heating apparatus, a reflector assembly comprising multiple elongate cylindrical reflector bodies disposed substantially parallel to one another and collectively substantially defining a plane, said reflector bodies having reflector surfaces extending axially therealong disposed internally thereof operating to reflect the sun's rays, and a substantially imperforate light pervious holder substantially paralleling the plane of said reflector bodies rotatably supporting said reflector bodies. 7. The solar heating apparatus of claim 6, wherein said light pervious holder comprises an expanse of light pervious material channeled over one side thereof to provide revolvable seats for said bodies. 8. The heating apparatus of claim 6, wherein the holder comprises opposed sheets of material disposed on opposite sides of the reflector bodies which sheets join between adjacent reflector bodies. 9. The heating apparatus of claim 8, wherein said sheets are flexible. 10. A reflector assembly comprising multiple elongate cylindrical reflector bodies disposed substantially parallel to one another and collectively substantially defining a plane, said reflector bodies having reflector surfaces extending axially therealong disposed internally thereof, and means mounting said reflector bodies comprising opposed sheets of flexible material extending over opposite sides of said reflector bodies which sheets join with each other between adjacent reflector bodies. 