A system including a non-tracking reflector-collector for the concentration and collection of solar energy. An energy-collecting plate is disposed upright along a substantially horizontal axis substantially coincident with the east-west direction of the earth. The collector plate is positioned within a semi-tubular reflector having parabolic sidewalls. The reflector surfaces on opposite sides of the collector plate are parabolic surfaces, each having a focal point approximately coincident with the upper terminal edge of the collector plate. The axes of the parabolas which define the respective surfaces are rotated about or diverge from their common focal point at a substantial angle. The reflector sides are of laminated construction having a base portion of a lightweight rigid plastic sheet, an underlayer of plastic corrugated board and a reflective film on the interior surface. The collector plate receives energy entering the aperture between the reflective surfaces. In one of the preferred embodiments, the plate elevates the temperature of a heat exchange medium flowing therethrough. The heat exchange medium provides for storage and use of the collected energy. In a second embodiment, the collector plate receives solar energy which is converted into electrical energy for storage and use.
Claims I claim: 1. A radiant solar energy collector system comprising an elongated collector-reflector having a longitudinal center plane parallel to the east-west axis, said collector-reflector including a longitudinal collector element and a semi-tubular reflector having two sidewalls and a bottom wall enclosing said collector element and having reflective surfaces to accept radiation energy entering the reflector between said sidewalls and reflect it so as to impinge against said collector element, said transfer means to receive the energy from said collector element and condition the same for use, said two sidewall reflective surfaces comprising walls extending parallel to the east-west axis with semi-parabolic interior surfaces having a common focal point coincident with said center plane, each semi-parabolic surface having its axis extending from said focal point outwardly away from said center plane at a fixed angle and its apex adjacent said bottom wall whereby said semi-parabolic surface does not intersect the center plane, the fixed angles of said two sidewall axes of opposite sides of the center plane defining between them an included angle for reception of radiant energy, said bottom wall being dished and extending between said apexes, said collector element extending from said common focal point to said bottom wall. 2. A system according to claim 1 wherein said collector element comprises an elongated plate having fluid passages extending therethrough, said transfer means comprising conduit means and a pump for circulating heat exchange medium through said passages to heat the medium with the radiant energy impinging against said collector element. 3. A system according to claim 1 wherein said collector element comprises a flat plate extending from said bottom wall outwardly past said focal point to collect diffuse radiation. 4. A system according to claim 1 wherein said collector element comprises photovoltaic cells facing said reflective surfaces, and said transfer means comprises electrical connections to collect the electrical energy generated by said photovoltaic cells. 5. A system according to claim 1 wherein said reflector is laminated in cross section including a support element, a smooth underlayer mounted on said support element to define the shape of the interior side and end walls, and a thin, reflective film bonded to said underlayer, said film comprising a thin, flexible plastic sheet having a metalized reflective surface on the underside, said film being operable to reflect radiant energy with minimal degradation of the reflective efficiency by exposure to sunlight or atmospheric contaminants. 6. A system according to claim 5 wherein said underlayer comprises a double-face-corrugated board of weather-resistant plastic material. 7. A system according to claim 6 wherein said support element is a rigid sheet of plastic material molded to a structural shape and bonded to said corrugated board to provide a rigid structural support. 8. A system according to claim 7 wherein said film is selected from a group consisting of polyester film and polyvinyfluroride film, and said board and support element are composed of polypropylene sheet material, the board and support element being bonded together and said film being bonded to said board by an adhesive layer. 9. A system according to claim 1 wherein each of said semi-parabolic surfaces extends outwardly from said bottom wall a preselected distance along the center plane and terminates in an edge defining one of the two opposite edges of an aperture for the entrance of the radiant energy between said sidewalls, the preselected distance and the angular disposition of said parabolic axes providing an aperture with a width at least twice the width of the collector element between said focal point and the bottom wall. 10. A system according to claim 9 wherein said included angle is approximately 47.degree., the preselected distance is approximately 2.2 times the width of the collector element and the aperture width is approximately 4.0 times the width of the collector element. 11. A system according to claim 1 wherein said collector-reflector is mounted in an array of similar collector-reflectors having their longitudinal axes parallel to each other and spaced laterally to avoid shadowing of the aperture of one collector-reflector by the sidewall of an adjacent collector-reflector. 12. A system according to claim 11 wherein the collector-reflectors are mounted upon an inclined plane, and the apertures are all disposed parallel to said mounting plane in edge-to-edge relation to provide a combined aperture width corresponding to the width of said array in said plane. 