A solar heating plant incorporating means to condense and focus solar energy on an elongated heat exchange member which is in communication with a fluid which is circulated thru a thermal storage means to heating radiators. An alternate embodiment is disclosed wherein the heating fluid is water and the system provides hot water for general purpose use in addition to hot water for the radiating elements.
Claims What I claim as a new and useful contribution to the art and desire to protect by letters patent is: 1. A solar energy conversion plant, comprising: a solar radiation converter system including, a solid radiation to heat converter, a plurality of heat exchange members thermally connected to said radiation to heat converter and a housing adapted to support said radiation converter and form a container for said heat exchange members wherethrough a heat absorbent fluid is circulated; a fluid circulating system adapted to inject a heat absorpitive fluid into said solar radiation converter system at a first temperature and extract said fluid from said system at a second temperature wherein said second temperature is greater than said first temperature; a fluid storage means adapted to receive heated fluid from said solar radiation converter system, said receiving means including a one-way pressure valve adapted to permit fluid transfer from said radiation converter system to said storage means when the differential pressure therebetween exceeds a predetermined value; heat radiation means adapted to receive heated fluid from said storage means; means to return said fluid from said radiation means to said solar radiation converter system including a one-way valve; a solar radiation converter system bypass connected between said radiation means return fluid line and said storage means, said interconnection to said storage means adapted to be downstream of said pressure valve; a fluid pump in said bypass system; and a one-way valve between said fluid pump and said storage means. 2. A solar energy conversion plant as defined in claim 1, comprising: A lens system including, a lens adapted to condense solar radiation and focus said radiation on said radiation converter means and means to move said lens in synchronization with the sun so that the radiation therefrom is constantly focused on said radiation converter means. 3. An apparatus as defined in claim 2 wherein said heat absorbing fluid is water, comprising: A fresh water inlet connected to said solar radiation converter; a one-way valve between said solar radiation converter and said fresh water inlet adapted to permit fresh water to enter said solar energy conversion plant; and means to remove heated water from said storage means via hot water faucets in structure related to said solar energy conversion plant. 4. A solar energy conversion plant as defined in claim 2 wherein said heat absorptive fluid is a fluid having a freezing point less than the coldest expected ambient temperature in which the system is to operate. 5. A solar energy conversion plant as defined in claim 4, comprising: A fresh water heat exchange and storage means in thermal contact with said storage means and means to permit fresh water to enter said water storage means and exit said storage means to the hot water distribution system of the structure in which the solar energy conversion plant is installed. 6. A solar energy conversion plant as defined in claim 2 wherein said storage means comprises: An outer container including a lower section adapted for mounting on a structure and a removable upper section; a fluid storage tank dimensioned to fit within said outer container; and thermal insulation adapted to encompass said storage tank within said outer container. 7. A solar energy conversion plant as defined in claim 6 further including a second liquid storage tank adapted to fit within said outer container and in thermal contact with said storage tank. 