The invention disclosed is a solar energy collector apparatus having several double-wall glass tubular elements connected on opposite sides of an elongated manifold to form a module. The elements are sealed in oppositely facing metal cups and inside the opposite elements is a cross supply tube. The cups in a module are series connected by conduits for flow of a liquid through the collectors. Along the manifold are two header pipes respectively connected to the cups for introducing liquid to the collectors for series flow and for receiving heated liquid flowed through them. The headers also connect a series of modules and the system utilizing the solar heated liquid. The cups, header pipes and interconnecting conduits are enclosed in an insulation jacket of foamed plastic, e.g. polyurethane. The manifold includes support brackets for mounting the apparatus in spaced drainage position above a supporting surface having a solar exposure. The outer ends of the tubular collectors are supported on an end loading device which firmly supports the element above the support surface and retains the element in its manifold cup when under hydraulic pressure.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy collector module comprising a plurality of tubular collector elements having the same outside diameter and each including a circumferentially transparent outer tube having a closed end and an open end, and, interiorly of said outer tube, a hollow elongated absorber tube spaced from said outer tube, having a closed end and an open end and including a solar energy absorbing surface disposed between its ends, means annularly sealing the outer tube and the absorber tube together adjacent the open end of one of said tubes to provide a closed space between the two, said space being evacuated to sub-atmospheric pressure, the absorber tube having an interior chamber, an elongated manifold having lateral, outwardly facing cups for receiving the open ends of said tubular collector elements, each said cup comprising an annular flange at its outer open end, an O-ring gasket, and annular retaining means in said flange for holding said gasket, the gasket forming a fluid seal in the cup encircling said collector elements, a supply of working fluid, an inlet header pipe connected to said fluid supply and to at least one of said cups, means interconnecting the cups for flow of fluid through the absorber tubes and between the cups, an outlet header pipe connected to at least one of said cups for receiving fluid therefrom, and an insulation jacket member of low density cellular material surrounding all of said cups, the interconnecting means therefor and said inlet and outlet header pipes, said jacket including apertures coaxial with said cups for connecting the tubular collector elements into said cups of the manifold, and means supporting the tubular collector elements sealingly in said cups of the manifold. 2. The solar energy collector module of claim 1 wherein the insulation jacket member comprises a foamed polyurethane. 3. The solar energy collector module of claim 2 wherein the exposed surfaces of the foamed polyurethane jacket member are coated with a layer of organopolysiloxane resin. 4. The solar energy collector module of claim 1 wherein the manifold includes plural support bracket elements longitudinally spaced therealong and imbedded in the insulation jacket member thereof, said elements including means adapted for fastening the manifold in a raised, spaced relationship onto a supporting surface. 5. The solar energy collector module of claim 1 wherein said inlet header pipe is disposed longitudinally the length of said insulation jacket of the manifold and extends beyond each of the opposite ends thereof in spaced relation to the inlet header pipe. 6. The solar energy collector module of claim 1 wherein the means supporting the tubular collector elements comprise an elongated end support means disposed along the longitudinal extent of the elongated manifold and spaced laterally thereof a distance less than the outwardly depending extent of the tubular collector elements supported at their one open end by said manifold, plural apertures spaced along said end support means for loosely encircling the outer closed ends of each of the depending tubular collector elements, a frusto-conical end cap element telescopically inserted over the closed end of each of the tubular collector elements and engaging the outer surface of said collector element, a hollow annular cup-shaped end retainer member encircling each of the end cap elements and said collector elements, a coil spring axially compressed between each end cap element and retainer member, and means detachably coupling each retainer member on said end support means around the aperture thereof for holding the spring in compression, thereby axially spring loading each of the tubular collector elements in sealing engagement in their respective cups of the manifold. 7. The solar energy collector module of claim 6 wherein the frusto-conical end cap elements are comprised of a thermoplastic material and include plural axially disposed ribs along inner wall surface thereof, the ribs engaging the outer surface of the tubular collector elements at peripherally spaced locations thereof. 8. The solar energy collector module of claim 6 wherein the means detachably coupling said retainer member on the said end support means each comprise plural radial, inwardly facing lugs about the perimeter of said aperture and an interrupted annular flange about the exterior of said retainer member, said flange and lugs interacting in assembly by rotation of one relative to the other to provide a bayonet-type fastener connecting the retainer member to the end support means through the aperture. 9. The solar energy collector module of claim 6, wherein the elongated end support means comprise an L-shaped metal bracket member, the upstanding leg of said bracket member being apertured along its longitudinal dimension, there being slot-like openings formed at spaced intervals along said longitudinal dimension in the base and at the root intersection of the legs of the L-shaped member adapted for drainage flow of fluid along a support surface for the module. 10. The solar energy collector module of claim 9, in which the base leg of the L-shaped member includes a sinusoidally contoured free edge adapted for interfitting abutment of said member with a similar member of an adjacent module. 11. A manifold apparatus for a solar energy collector comprising plural pairs of coaxial metal cup members having opposite end openings each defined by an annular flange, an annular wall therebetween defining a chamber, and a transverse wall intermediate the flanges separating the chamber into two side-by-side compartments, the pairs of said cup members being disposed in spaced relationship longitudinally of the manifold and the axes of the cup members are aligned longitudinally on opposite sides of the manifold, an inlet header pipe extending longitudinally of the manifold, a fluid handling conduit connecting the inlet header pipe and at least one of said compartments of the cup members, an outlet header pipe extending longitudinally of the manifold and spaced from the inlet header pipe, a fluid handling conduit connecting at least one other of said compartments of the cup members and the outlet header pipe, means interconnecting the compartments of the cup members for flow of fluid therebetween, and an insulating jacket member comprised of a cellular insulating material surrounding the cup members, inlet and outlet header pipes and fluid handling conduits, the jacket member including apertures corresponding with the flanged end openings of said cup members providing access to the cup members for connecting solar collector apparatus externally of the jacket member to the cup members. 12. The manifold apparatus of claim 11, wherein the outlet header pipe and inlet header pipe each extend beyond the opposite longitudinal ends of the insulating jacket member. 13. The manifold apparatus of claim 12, characterized by plural manifold sections interconnected end-to-end at the outlet header pipes and inlet header pipes respectively for flow of fluid throughout said plural sections. 14. The manifold apparatus of claim 13, wherein the plural manifold sections are of substantially cylindrical configuration of substantially the same diameter. 15. The manifold apparatus of claim 14, wherein the end-to-end assembled manifold sections are longitudinally spaced apart, and in which is included a split cylindrical collar member encircling the interconnected inlet header and outlet header pipes in the space between each of the adjacent manifold sections of the interconnected plurality thereof, the said collar member being comprised of a cellular insulating material and in abutting end engagement with the ends of the insulating jacket component of said manifold sections. 16. The manifold apparatus of claim 15, wherein the opposite endmost manifold sections of the plural section manifold includes a cylindrical end cap each comprised of cellular insulating material enclosing the outwardly extending portion of the outlet and inlet header pipes thereat. 17. The manifold apparatus of claim 16, wherein the cellular insulating material of the cylindrical insulating jacket members, each split cylindrical collar member and opposite cylindrical end caps are comprised of a foamed polyurethane material. 18. The manifold apparatus of claim 11, wherein plural mounting brackets are fastened to the insulating jacket member of each of said manifold sections and depend therefrom normal to the axes of the cup members of the manifold sufficiently for spacing the insulating jacket member thereof from a supporting surface. 19. In a solar energy collector apparatus, the combination of a support surface for said apparatus exposed to sunlight, a manifold means fastened to said support, a tubular solar collector comprised of a double walled glass tubular collector member that is open at one axial end and in operating engagement thereat with the manifold spaced above said support surface and closed at its opposite axial end, and end support means engaging the tubular collector member adjacent its other closed end supporting the tubular collector member in a spaced relationship above said support surface, said end support means comprising a bracket fastened to said support surface and having an upstanding leg, an aperture in said upstanding leg adapted to receive the tubular collector therethrough, an annular end cap telescopically inserted over the end of the collector and engaging the latter on the side of the bracket remote from the manifold, a cup-shaped annular retainer member having one axial end open inserted over the end cap and encircling the closed end of the tubular collector opposite the manifold side of the bracket, the retainer member being rotatable manually about the end of the collector member, lug means on the upstanding leg of said bracket adjacent the aperture, an annular, interrupted flange about said retainer member adjacent its open end adapted for insertion through the aperture, said interruptions in said flange being registered with the lug means thereby enabling the flange to be inserted through the aperture but otherwise preventing movement of the flange through said aperture, and axial spring means compressed between the other opposite axial end of the cup-shaped retainer member and the adjacent end of the end cap upon inserting said flange of the retainer member through the aperture, thereby axially loading the tubular solar collector onto the manifold and supporting the closed end thereof in predetermined spacing from said support surface in the direction of the sun, the retainer member, upon rotation out of registry with said lugs on the bracket, holding the retainer member of the bracket by engagement of said flange with said lugs. 20. The solar energy collector apparatus of claim 19 wherein said bracket is L-shaped and includes a base leg integrally joined with the upstanding leg, the base leg being fastened to said support surface, the bracket including slot means for drainage of water flow on said support surface. 21. The solar energy collector apparatus of claim 19 wherein said bracket is L-shaped and includes a base leg integrally joined with the upstanding leg, the outer edge of the base leg being contoured as a sinusoidal edge configuration. 22. The solar energy collector apparatus of claim 19 wherein said annular end cap is frusto-conical having plural axial extending ribs along the interior annular surface thereof, said ribs engaging the outer glass surface of the tubular solar collector, and is comprised of a plastic material. 