A method and control arrangement for a heating system including solar heating apparatus and a conventional fuel-fired heating apparatus wherein heat load of the heating system and solar heating source capability are compared, and the heating system is switched to solar heating whenever the heating capability of the solar heating apparatus exceeds the heat load of the system, the heating system being switched to the conventional heating apparatus only when the heat load exceeds the heating capability of the solar heating apparatus. The control arrangement includes a first sensor which provides a first output indicative of heat load for the system as indicated by average fuel consumption by a burner of the conventional heating apparatus or the duty cycle of a thermostat of the system, a second sensor which provides a second output indicative of the temperature of a solar heated medium, and a controller which responds to the first and second outputs to provide heat for the system from the solar heated medium whenever possible. In one embodiment, the controller includes a differential temperature sensing device, and in a second embodiment, the controller includes a microprocessor system.
Claims i claim: 1. In a heating system for a building including fuel-fired heating apparatus having a burner means operable when energized to supply heat to a first medium, and circulating means operable when energized to circulate said heated medium through areas of said building, and solar heating apparatus including storage means for storing a second medium and means for heating said second medium through solar energy, a control arrangement for enabling said first medium to be heated selectively by said burner means and said second medium, said control arrangement comprising first sensing means for providing a first output indicative of the heat load for said heating system, second sensing means for providing a second output indicative of the heating capability of said solar heating apparatus, controller means including comparator means responsive to said first and second outputs for providing a control output whenever said second output is greater than said first output, and switching means responsive to said control output to disable said burner means and to enable said first medium to be heated by said second medium prior to circulation through said areas by said circulating means. 2. A system as set forth in claim 1 wherein said comparator means is operable whenever said first output is at least equal to said second output to control said switching means to permit said first medium to be heated by said burner means. 3. A system as set forth in claim 1 wherein said switching means includes means for maintaining said burner means disabled and for permitting said first medium to continue to be heated by said second medium until the heat load for said system exceeds a predetermined value. 4. A system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said switching means includes a first switch device normally deenergized to permit said first medium to be heated by said burner means, said first switch device being operable when energized to disable said burner means and to enable said first medium to be heated by said second medium, and a second switch device controlled by said comparator means to be deenergized in the absence of said control output and to be energized whenever said control output is provided to energize said first switch device. 5. A system as set forth in claim 4 wherein said first switch device is operable when energized to provide a holding path to permit said first switch device to be maintained energized over said holding path whenever said second switch device is deenergized, said switching means further including a third switch device energized when the heat load for the system exceeds a predetermined value to interrupt said holding path to deenergize said first switch device. 6. A system as set forth in claim 5 wherein said first switch device comprises a relay energized in response to operation of said second switch device to close associated contacts to provide said holding path, said third switch device being operable when energized to open associated contacts which are connected in said holding path to thereby deenergize said relay. 7. A system as set forth in claim 1 which includes heat exchanger means for enabling heat from said second medium to be transferred to said first medium. 8. A system as set forth in claim 7 wherein said heat exchanger means is disposed within said storage means, and wherein said circulating means is enabled by said switching means to circulate said first medium through said heat exchanger means. 9. A system as set forth in claim 7 wherein said heat exchanger means is disposed within a plenum of said fuel-fired heating apparatus, and wherein said solar heating apparatus includes further circulating means enabled by said switching means to circulate said second medium through said heat exchanger means. 10. In a heating system for a building including fuel-fired heating apparatus having a burner means operable when energized to supply heat to a first medium, circulating means operable when energized for circulating said heated medium through areas of said building for heating said areas of the building, and thermostat means in one of said areas and operable to energize said circulator means and said burner means in response to a decrease in the temperature in said one area below a selected value, and solar heating apparatus including storage means for storing a second medium, and means for heating said second medium through solar energy, a control arrangement for enabling said first medium to be heated selectively by said burner means and said solar heating apparatus, said control arrangement comprising first sensing means operable to provide a first output indicative of the percent time for which said thermostat is operated, second sensing means for providing a second output indicative of the temperature of said second medium, switching means normally disabled to permit said burner means to be energized in response to operation of said thermostat means to supply heat to said first medium, said switching means being operable when enabled to disable said burner means and to enble said first medium to be heated by said second medium, and controller means including comparator means responsive to said first and second outputs and operable to enable said switching means whenever said second output is greater than said first output. 11. A system as set forth in claim 10 wherein said comparator means includes control means operable whenever said thermostat means remains operated for a predetermined time to effect the disabling of said switching means. 12. A system as set forth in claim 10 wherein said comparator means includes changeover switch means including a normally disabled switch device, a switch operating member, first actuator means connected to an output of said first sensing means and responsive to said first output to apply a first force to said operating member, second actuator means connected to an output of said second sensing means and responsive to said second output to apply a second force to said operating member to counteract said first force, said operating member being moved to operate said switch device whenever said second force exceeds said first force, said switching means being connected to outputs of said switch device to be enabled whenever said switch device is operated. 13. A system as set forth in claim 12 wherein said changeover switch means includes for selecting the difference between said first and second forces at which said operating member operates said switch device. 14. A system as set forth in claim 12 wherein said changeover switch means includes bias means for applying a bias force to said operating member to offset said first force. 15. A system as set forth in claim 10 wherein said first sensing means includes an insulated chamber, a heat sink member disposed within said chamber, and heating means in said chamber controlled by said thermostat means for supplying heat to said heat sink member as a function of the time for which said thermostat means is operated, whereby the temperature within said chamber is indictive of the time for which said thermostat means is operated. 16. A system as set forth in claim 15 wherein said heating means comprises a resistance device connected across outputs of said thermostat means to be energized whenever said thermostat means is operated. 17. A system as set forth in claim 15 wherein said first sensing means includes a first temperature sensing device disposed within said chamber and operable to provide said first output which is indicative of the temperature within said chamber, said second sensing means including a second temperature sensing device disposed within said storage means and operable to provide said second output which is indicative of the temperature within said storage means, and said comparator means including changeover switch means including a switch device and switch operating means responsive to said first and second outputs to operate said switch device whenever the temperature within said storage means exceeds the temperature within said chamber. 18. A system as set forth in claim 17 wherein said changeover switch means includes means for selecting the ratio of the temperatures within said storage means and said chamber at which said switch device is operated. 19. A system as set forth in claim 18 wherein said changeover switch means includes bias means for selecting the temperature of said chamber which enables said switch device to be operated. 20. A system as set forth in claim 17 wherein said first sensing means includes a further temperature sensing device disposed within said chamber, and a further switch device enabled by said further temperature sensing device whenever the temperature within the chamber reaches a predetermined value to effect disabling of said switching means. 21. A system as set forth in claim 10 wherein said controller means comprises a microprocessor system responsive to said first output to provide first data representing a first value which is indicative of the percentage of time said thermostat means is operated within a given time period and responsive to said second output to provide second data representing a second value which is indicative of the temperature of said second medium, said microprocessor system being operable to compare said first and second data and to provide at least one control output indicative of the difference between said first and second values. 22. A system as set forth in claim 21 wherein said controller means includes a first switching device enabled by a control output of said microprocessor unit provided whenever said second value is greater than said first value to enable said switching means. 23. A system as set forth in claim 21 wherein said controller means includes a second switching device enabled by a control output of said microprocessor system provided whenever said first value exceeds a predetermined amount to disable said switching means. 24. In a heating system for a building including at least one air conditioning unit having fuel-fired heating apparatus including a burner means for heating air supplied to a hot deck of said apparatus for circulation through a plurality of zones of the building over individual air ducts extending thereto, each of said zones have associated damper means disposed within an associated air duct and positionable by an associated damper actuator means to control the amount of heated air supplied to the zone in accordance with a control output provided to said damper actuator means by a zone thermostat located within the zone, and solar heating apparatus including solar storage means which stores a medium, and means enabling said medium to be heated by solar energy, a control arrangement for enabling air supplied to said hot deck to be heated selectively by said burner means and said solar heated medium, said control arrangement comprising monitoring means for providing a first output indicative of fuel usage by said burner means, and thus the heating demand of said system, sensing means for providing a second output indicative of the heating capability of said solar heating apparatus, and controller means responsive to said first and second outputs to interrupt a portion of an enabling circuit for said burner means and for enabling heat from said solar heated medium to heat air supplied to said hot deck whenever the heating capability of said solar heating apparatus exceeds the heating demand of the system. 25. A system as set forth in claim 24 which includes heat exchanger means located within said hot deck, and circulator means enabled by said controller means to circulate said solar heated medium through said heat exchanger means. 26. A system as set forth in claim 25 wherein said controller means is operable to disable said circulator means and to complete said portion of said enabling circuit for said burner means whenever the heating demand of the system is greater than the heating capability of said solar heating apparatus. 27. A system as set forth in claim 24 wherein said monitoring means comprises a fuel flow meter operable to provide said first output which is indicative of fuel usage by said burner means and wherein said sensing means comprises a temperature sensor disposed within said storage means and operable to provide said second output which is indicative of the temperature of the solar heated medium. 28. A system as set forth in claim 27 wherein said controller means includes a microprocessor system responsive to said first output to provide first data representing a first value which is indicative of the quantity of fuel consumed within a given time period, and responsive to said second output to provide second data representing a second value which is indicative of the temperature of the solar heated medium, said microprocessor system being operable to compare said first and second data and to provide at least one control output indicative of the difference between said first and second values. 29. A system as set forth in claim 28 wherein said microprocessor system is responsive to an input indicative of maximum heat to at least one of said zones to effect completing of said portion of said enabling circuit for said burner means and for preventing said solar heating apparatus from supplying heat to said hot deck whenever said input is provided for a predetermined time. 30. A system as set forth in claim 29 wherein said input indicative of maximum heat is provided by a limit switch of the damper actuator means for said one zone. 31. In a heating system for a building, including fuel-fired heating apparatus having a burner means operable when energized to supply heat to a first medium and circulating means operable when energized to circulate said medium through areas of the building for heating said areas of the building, and solar heating apparatus including a storage means for storing a second medium and means for heating said second medium through solar energy, a method for enabling medium heated by said solar heating apparatus to supply heat to said areas of the building, said method comprising determined heat load for said heating system during a given time period, determining the heating capability of said solar heating apparatus, and disabling said burner means and causing said first medium to be heated by said second medium whenever the heating capability of said solar heating apparatus exceeds the heating demand of the system. 32. A method as set forth in claim 31 wherein enabling said first medium to be heated by said second medium includes circulating said first medium through a heat exchanger located with said storage means. 33. A method as set forth in claim 31 wherein enabling said first medium to be heated by said second medium includes circulating said second medium through a heat exchanger located in a flow path for said medium. 34. A method as set forth in claim 31 wherein determining the heating capability of said solar heating apparatus includes sensing the temperature of said second medium. 35. A method as set forth in claim 31 which includes enabling said burner means and preventing said first medium from being heated by said second medium whenever the heating demand of the system exceeds the heating capability of said solar heating apparatus. 36. A method as set forth in claim 31 wherein the heating system includes a thermostat operable to control the energization of at least said burner means, and wherein determining the heat load for the heating system includes monitoring the time the thermostat is operated, and determining the percent of time the thermostat is operated during a given time interval. 37. A method as set forth in claim 36 which includes enabling said burner means and preventing said first medium from being heated by said second medium whenever the thermostat is operated a predetermined percent of the time during said given time interval. 38. A method as set forth in claim 31 wherein determining the heat load for said heating system includes monitoring fuel flow to said burner means, and averaging the fuel consumption by said burner means over a predetermined period of time. 