A method and apparatus for simultaneous optical measurement of several characteristics of each particle of a group of small particles while the particles are suspended in a liquid. The apparatus includes a sample passage structure through which the particles pass, and a first optical detector structure which receives light from the sample passage structure. The sample passage structure and detector are aligned one with respect to the other. The output of a source of light is directed to the sample passage structure by an alignment device which aligns the light and the sample passage structure. A second optical detector receives the light passed by the sample passage structure. The second detector includes a converging lens and a photodetector so positioned with respect to one another that the light pattern at the detector due to the passage of a particle through the sample passage structure will maintain a substantially constant intensity notwithstanding movement of the sample passage structure, particle or the light.
Claims What is desired to be secured by Letters Patent of the U.S. is: 1. An apparatus for simultaneous optical measurement of several characteristics of each particle of a group of small particles while the particles are suspended in a liquid including in combination: a sample passage means through which the particles pass, a first optical detector for receiving light from said sample passage means and for developing first detection signals in response to said received light, means for moving one of said sample passage means and said optical detector with respect to the other for aligning one with respect to the other, a source of light, means for directing light from said light source to said sample passage means and for aligning said light and sample passage means, a second optical detector for receiving light from said sample passage means and for developing second detection signals in response to said received light, said second detector including a converging lens for receiving said light from said sample passage means and photodetector means positioned a predetermined distance from said focusing lens for receiving said light from said lens, said predetermined distance selected such that the light pattern received by said photodetector due to the passage of a particle through the sample passage means will maintain a substantially constant intensity with movement of any of said sample passage means, particle and light whereby said detector means is insensitive to the movement of any of said sample passage means, first optical detector, light source and particle. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said predetermined distance is selected such that a two-dimensional optical Fourier transform is performed on the light received by said second detector. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said focusing lens has a particular focal length and said photodetector means is positioned at a distance of approximately one focal length from said lens. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein said photodetector is a photovoltaic diode. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said first optical detector is a fluorescence detector and said second optical detector is a scatter detector. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said means for directing light includes a lens system and carrier for said system, said lens system and carrier being movable for aligning said light and sample passage means. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said first and second optical detector are substantially fixedly secured and said means for moving moves said sample passage means for aligning same with respect to said first optical detector. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein said means for directing light includes a lens system and carrier for said system, said lens system and carrier being movable for aligning said light and sample passage means. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein said means for moving said sample passage means is secured to said means for directing light. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said source of light is a laser and said light is a laser beam. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said sample passage means include a discharge device for discharging said particles in a liquid stream, an air gap through which gap said stream containing particles passes, and a receiving device for receiving said stream containing particles after passage through said air gap. 12. The apparatus of claim 9 wherein said sample passage means include a discharge device for discharging said particles in a liquid stream, an air gap through which gap said stream containing particles passes, and a receiving device for receiving said stream containing particles after passage through said air gap. 13. The apparatus of claim 12 wherein said means for moving said sample passage means include a bracket secured to said discharge device and the said receiving device for holding and moving same. 14. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said first optical detector includes light means for developing a light, said detector including means for projecting a light image from said light means at a particular distance from the detector, said sample passage means being positioned at said light image for aligning said sample passage means with respect to said first optical detector. 15. The apparatus of claim 14 wherein said first optical detector includes a photodetector, said projection means include lens means having a particular focal length, said light image being projected to and formed at a distance of said focal length from said lens means in front of said first optical detector. 16. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein said light means include a light mounting device and a light mounted thereon, said light mounting device movable to a first position for projecting said light image and to a second storage position. 17. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein said lens means further receives light from said sample passage means and projects said received light to said photodetector. 18. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said first optical detector includes, a housing for mounting and enclosing a photodetector, said housing including a first wall with a path formed therein for allowing light to enter and strike said photodetector, light means mounted in said housing and adapted to be moved to a first position between said wall and said detector for directing a light beam out of said housing through said path, said light means adapted to be moved to a second storage position out of said path. 19. The apparatus of claim 18 wherein said photodetector has a first light sensitive face positioned in a plane parallel to the plane of said first wall and spaced apart therefrom. 20. The apparatus of claim 19 wherein said light means include a light and light support means pivotally mounted to said housing and seating said light, said light support means adapted to be pivoted to move said light to said first position and pivoted to move said light to said second storage position. 21. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein said light support means is pivotally secured to said first wall. 22. The apparatus of claim 21 wherein said light support means include a shaft extending through said first wall and rotatably seated thereon, said shaft having a first end extending interior to said housing and a second end extending exterior to said housing, a light support arm secured to said shaft first end and mounting said light, and a lever arm secured to said second end, said lever arm being pivotable to a first position for pivoting said light and the light support arm between said photodetector and said first wall path, said lever arm being pivotable to a second position for pivoting said light and light support arm to said second storage position out of said path. 23. The apparatus of claim 19 wherein said path includes a first aspherical lens for receiving light from a source exterior to said housing and forming said received light into parallel beams of light, a second aspherical lens for receiving said parallel beams of light and focusing said beams at an image aperture positioned a predetermined distance from said second lens and between said second lens and said photodetector, said image aperture passing said focused beams to said photodetector. 24. The apparatus of claim 23 wherein said light means include a light positioned between said image aperture and said photodetector, said light movable to a first position for passing light through said image aperture and to a second storage position. 25. An apparatus for the simultaneous optical measurement of several characteristics of a group of small particles while the particles are suspended in a liquid including in combination, sample passage means for moving said liquid containing particles in a stream through a first point, a source of light for developing a light beam, beam directing means for directing said light beam to said first point for producing resultant light thereat in accordance with particle characteristics in said stream, first optical detector means for receiving said resultant light and for developing first detection signals in response thereto, said sample passage means, beam directing means and first optical detector means being movable with respect to one another for properly aligning said first detector means, beam, sample passage means and first point with respect to one another, and second optical detector means including a focusing lens for receiving said resultant light and for coupling said light at a predetermined distance from said lens and photodetector means positioned at said predetermined distance from said lens and operative to develop second detection signals in response to said light from said lens, said predetermined distance being selected such that the light received by said photodetector means will form a pattern thereat having substantially constant intensity with movement of any of said sample passage means, particles, beam, beam directing means and first optical detector means whereby said photodetector means is insensitive to movement of said sample passage means, particles, light source and first optical detector. 26. The apparatus of claim 25 wherein said focusing lens has a particular focal length and said photodetector means is positioned at a distance of approximately one focal length from said lens. 27. The apparatus of claim 26 wherein said focusing lens is a converging lens. 28. The apparatus of claim 27 wherein said photodetector is a photovoltaic diode. 29. A method for adjusting an apparatus for simultaneous measurement of several characteristics of each particle of a group of small particles suspended in a liquid wherein the apparatus includes a light source that develops a light beam, beam directing means, sample passage means for moving said liquid in a stream through a first location, a first optical detector and a second optical detector including a converging lens and photodetector, said method including the steps of: moving said first optical detector and the sample passage means relative to one another for aligning said first optical detector and said first location, moving said beam directing means and sample passage means relative to one another for directing said light beam from said source to said first location while maintaining alignment of said first optical detector and first location, aligning said converging lens with said first location and positioning said photodetector a predetermined distance from said converging lens for receiving light therefrom, selecting said predetermined distance such that the light received at said photodetector will form a pattern having substantially constant intensity with movement of any of said sample passage means, particle and light beam so that the photodetector is insensitive to movement of said sample passage means, particles, light beam, beam directing means and first detector. 30. The method of claim 29 wherein the step of selecting said predetermined distance includes the step of selecting said distance such that an optical Fourier transform is performed on the light received by said lens and coupled to said photodetector. 31. The method of claim 29 wherein said focusing lens has a particular focal length and wherein the step of positioning said photodetector includes the step of positioning said photodetector at a distance of approximately one focal length of said lens from said lens. 32. The method of claim 29 wherein the step of aligning said first detector and sample passage means include the steps of: projecting a light image from said first detector to a location a predetermined distance from said first optical detector and positioning the liquid stream formed by said sample passage means at said location such that said light image appears in said stream and at said first location. 33. A housing for mounting and enclosing a photodetector, said housing including a first wall with a path formed therein for allowing light to enter and strike said photodetector, light means mounted in said housing and adapted to be moved to a first position between said wall and said detector for directing a light beam out of said housing through said path, said light means adapted to be moved to a second storage position out of said path. 34. The housing of claim 33 wherein said photodetector has a first light sensitive face positioned in a plane parallel to the plane of said first wall and spaced apart therefrom. 35. The housing of claim 34 wherein said light means include a light and light support means pivotally mounted to said housing and seating said light, said light support means adapted to be pivoted to move said light to said first position and to move said light to said second storage position. 36. The housing of claim 35 wherein said light support means is pivotally secured to said first wall. 37. The housing of claim 36 wherein said light support means include a light support arm positioned interior to said housing, a shaft secured to said light support arm and passing through said first wall, and a lever arm secured to said shaft and extending exterior to said housing. 38. The housing of claim 36 wherein said light support means include a shaft extending through said first wall and rotatably seated therein, said shaft having a first end extending interior to said housing and a second end extending exterior to said housing, a light support arm secured to said shaft first end and mounting said light and a lever arm secured to said second end, said lever arm being pivotable to a first position for pivoting said light and light support arm between said photodetector and said first wall path, said lever arm being pivotable to a second position for pivoting said light and light support arm to said second storage position out of said path. 39. The housing of claim 38 further including detent means for holding said lever arm in one of said first and second positions. 40. The housing of claim 38 wherein said light support means shaft is hollow, said light support means further including conductor means coupled to said light and passing through said shaft for coupling power to said light. 41. The housing of claim 40 wherein said support means further include electrical connector means secured to said lever arm and connected to said conductor means, said connector means adapted to be connected to a source of power for coupling power to said light. 42. The housing of claim 33 wherein said path formed in said wall includes first and second lenses and an image aperture arranged and spaced apart for focusing light from an object a predetermined distance exterior to said first wall into said aperture. 43. The housing of claim 33 wherein said path includes a first aspherical lens for receiving light from a source exterior to said housing and forming said received light into parallel beams of light, a second aspherical lens for receiving said parallel beams of light and focusing said beams at an image aperture positioned a predetermined distance from said second lens and between said second lens and said photodetector, said image aperture passing said focused beams to said photodetector. 44. The housing of claim 43 wherein said light means includes a light and light support arm pivotably mounted to said housing and positioned between said image aperture and said photodetector, said light movable to said first position for passing light through said image aperture and to a second storage position. 45. The housing of claim 43 wherein said path further includes, second light means positioned in said path between said first and second lens, said second light means operative to direct a second light beam through said first lens and out of said housing. 46. The housing of claim 45 wherein said second light means and said second light beam is small relative to the first lens diameter. 47. The housing of claim 33 wherein said photodetector is a photomultiplier tube having a generally cylindrical form with an end wall forming a photosensitive screen, said housing being cylindrical and enclosing said photomultiplier tube, said housing first wall being a housing end wall positioned adjacent to and in a plane parallel to said photosensitive screen. 48. The housing of claim 47 wherein said light means include, a shaft extending through said housing end wall and rotatably seated therein, said shaft having a first end extending interior to said housing and second end extending exterior to said housing, a light support arm having a first end secured to said shaft first end and a light mounted on a second end, a lever arm secured to said shaft second end, said lever arm being pivotable to a first position for pivoting said light and light support arm between the center of said photomultiplier tube photosensitive screen and said housing end wall into said path, and being pivotable to a second position for pivoting said light and light support arm to said second storage position out of said path. 49. The housing of claim 48 wherein said light is a light emitting diode. 50. The housing of claim 49 wherein said shaft is hollow, said light means further including conductor means coupled to said light and passing through said shaft and electrical connector means secured to said lever arm and connected to said conductor means, said connector means adapted to be connected to a source of power for coupling power to said light. 51. In a system wherein a source of light is passed through an object and light from the object is coupled to a light sensitive detector mounted in a light shielding housing behind an apertured image plane which aperture is aligned with the detector center, and wherein the detector center must be aligned with the object, the improvement comprising, means for visually aligning said detector center, and object including a second light source secured to said housing between said apertured image plane and said detector and adapted to be moved into alignment with the detector center and image plane aperture for directing a light beam through said image plane aperture to said object position for alignment thereof. 52. The system of claim 51 wherein said means for visually aligning include, a shaft extending through said housing and rotatably seated therein, said shaft having a first end extending interior to said housing and a second end extending exterior to said housing, a light support arm having a first end secured to said shaft first end and said second light source mounted on a second end, a lever arm secured to said shaft second end, said lever arm being pivotable to a first position for pivoting said second light source and light support arm between the center of the detector and the aperture in the apertured image plane and pivotable to a second position for pivoting said second light source and light support arm to said second storage position out of alignment with the detector center and said aperture in the image plane. 53. The system of claim 52 wherein said second light source is a light emitting diode. 54. The system of claim 53 wherein said shaft is hollow, said means for visually aligning further including conductor means coupled to said second light source and passing through said shaft and electrical connector means secured to said lever arm and connected to said conductor means, said connector means adapted to be connected to a source of power for coupling power to said light. 