An automatic freeze protection system for solar energy collector apparatus. The apparatus includes a solar collector for circulating water or another fluid to be heated by the sun. Sensor means are provided within the collector to monitor the temperature of the water, and whenever it approaches the freezing point, the sensor will automatically actuate a valve means to rapidly drain the water from the collector. When the temperature within the collector thereafter rises to a predetermined safe level, the sensor means will again automatically actuate the valve means to refill the collector with fresh water to be heated. The system provided thus avoids the need for anti-freeze or other freeze protection materials suggested by the prior art as well as isolated water loops, heat exchangers and other expensive safety equipment necessitated thereby.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A freeze protection system for solar collectors comprising: a. solar collector means for holding a fluid to be heated; b. input means for supplying fluid to said collector means; c. output means for removing fluid from said collector means; d. sensor means for automatically monitoring the temperature of said collector means; e. valve means coupled to said output means for automatically removing fluid from said collector means when the temperature of said collector means drops to a first predetermined level to prevent fluid from freezing up within said collector means; and f. switch means coupling said sensor means to said valve means and actuated by said sensor means, said switch means being normally closed when said collector means is filled with fluid and which automatically opens when the temperature in said collector means drops to said first predetermined level for actuating said valve means for automatically removing fluid from said collector means. 2. A system as recited in claim 1 and further including air relief valve means positioned adjacent the top of said collector means for allowing air into said collector means to assist in draining said collector means. 3. A system as recited in claim 1 and further including means for supporting said sensor means adjacent the bottom of said collector means where the coolest temperatures will be encountered. 4. A system as recited in claim 1 and further including means for automatically supplying fluid to said collector means when the temperature within said collector means thereafter rises to a second predetermined level. 5. A freeze protection system for solar collectors including: a. solar collector means for holding a fluid to be heated; b. input means for supplying fluid to said collector means to be heated therein; c. output means for removing heated fluid from said collector means for direct utilization; and, d. means for automatically protecting said solar collector against freezing, said protection means comprising: 1. sensor means for automatically monitoring the temperature of said collector means; 2. solenoid valve means for draining fluid from said collector means; and, 3. means coupling said sensor means to said solenoid valve means for automatically draining said collector means when the temperature therein drops to a first predetermined level, said coupling means comprising switch means which is normally closed when said collector means is filled with fluid and which automatically opens when said temperature in said collector means drops to said first predetermined level to drain said collector means. 6. A system as recited in claim 5 wherein said sensor means further includes means coupled to said input means for automatically supplying fluid to said collector means when the temperature therein thereafter rises to a second predetermined level. 