A solar-heated building structure comprising an exterior shell including a generally semi-spherical roof section comprising a plurality of light-transmitting panes of material providing a air and water-tight exterior surface therefor, horizontal floor means dividing the shell into a heat-insulated living compartment, and an attic compartment extending between the living compartment and the roof section to form a solar heat collector. Air in the attic compartment is heated by absorbed energy from sunlight passing through the light-transmitting panes of the roof section. Means are provided for circulating air into and out of the attic compartment to heat the same, and for circulating the thus heated air through the living compartment to maintain the living compartment at a desired temperature. Means are also provided in the shell for storing heat energy from the heated air for use to heat the living compartment when sunlight energy is unavailable.
Claims That which is claimed is: 1. A solar-heated building structure comprising an exterior shell including a generally semi-spherical roof section, said roof section having exterior light-transmitting surface means for admitting passage of sunlight into said shell, horizontal floor means within said shell dividing the interior of the shell into a living compartment and an attic compartment extending between said living compartment and said roof section for the storage of air to be heated by sunlight passing through said exterior surface means of said roof section, conduit means extending through said floor means and into said attic compartment for the passage of air into said attic compartment to be heated therein and for the passage of heated air out of said attic compartment, and means in said shell communicating with said conduit means for circulating the heated air through said living compartment and for returning air from said living compartment to said conduit means for reintroduction into said attic compartment to be heated therein. 2. A structure as defined in claim 1 wherein said building structure further includes a support base for said shell, a central support column for said shell mounted on said base and extending vertically through said shell to said semi-spherical roof section, said column having a central passageway therethrough; and said conduit means comprising a first conduit extending through said column passageway from adjacent said support base and having outlet means communicating with the lower portion of said attic conmpartment adjacent said horizontal floor means for introducing air into said attic compartment for being heated therein, and a second conduit extending through said column passageway from adjacent said support base and having inlet means communicating with the upper position of said attic compartment adjacent said roof section for removal of heated air therefrom. 3. A structure as defined in claim 2 wherein said means for circulating heated air through said living compartment includes means positioned below said living compartment in said shell communicating with said first and second conduits for circulating heated air from said second conduit into said living compartment and for removing air from said living compartment and returning it to said attic compartment by way of said first conduit. 4. A building structure as defined in claim 2 wherein said air circulating means includes a heat exchanger communicating with said first and second conduits, fan means associated with said heat exchanger for directing heated air from said second conduit and attic compartment through said heat exchanger and into said first conduit for recirculation to said attic compartment, means for circulating a liquid through said heat exchanger in heat exchange relationship with air passing therethrough to heat the liquid, and storage means for collecting the heated liquid from said heat exchanger. 5. A structure as defined in claim 4 wherein said air circulating means includes first air distribution means operatively connected to said heat exchanger for receiving heated air therefrom and for directing the heated air into said living compartment. 6. A structure as defined in claim 5 wherein said first air distribution means comprises furnace means having a heated air inlet operatively connected to said heat exchanger, air duct means connecting said furnace means with said living compartment for distribution of air thereinto, and fan means for directing heated air from said furnace means through said air duct means into said living compartment. 7. A structure as defined in claim 6 wherein said air circulating means further includes second air distribution means for selectively connecting said living compartment to said first conduit or to said heat exchanger to direct air from said living compartment into said attic compartment or into said heat exchanger for being heated thereby. 8. A structure as defined in claim 7 wherein said air circulating means includes thermostatically controlled valve means in said second conduit and said second air distribution means for closing said second conduit and for directing air from said living compartment into said heat exchanger for being heated by heated liquid in said liquid storage means when the temperature in said attic compartment falls below a predetermined level. 9. A structure as defined in claim 7 wherein said air circulating means include thermostatically controlled valve means therein for directing heated air from said attic compartment through said heat exchanger and back to said attic compartment when the temperature in said attic compartment is above a preselected temperature. 10. A structure as defined in claim 9 wherein said thermostatically controlled valve means includes means for directing said heated air from said heat exchanger back to said attic compartment by way of said living compartment when the temperature in said living compartment falls below a predetermined level. 11. A structure as defined in claim 1 wherein said roof section exterior surface means comprises a plurality of light transmitting panes of material, and support means for mounting said panes in juxtaposed water and air-tight relationship to form said semi-spherical roof section. 12. A structure as defined in claim 11 wherein said panes comprise polyvinyl chloride sheets having a relatively high thermal insulation factor. 13. A structure as defined in claim 12 wherein said sheets have a thermal insulation factor of approximately 20 times greater than plain glass of equivalent thickness. 14. A structure as defined in claim 1 wherein said floor means defining the floor of said attic compartment are comprised of a dark, heat-absorbing surface. 15. A structure as defined in claim 14 including a support base for said shell, a central support column for said shell mounted on said base and extending vertically through said shell, and said semi-spherical roof section is supportably attached to said support column for central support thereby. 16. A structure as defined in claim 15 wherein said shell is of substantially spherical shape, and wherein said floor means and said shell are centrally supported by said support column. 17. A solar-heated building structure as defined in claim 1 wherein said exterior surface means of said roof section comprise a plurality of panes of substantially rigid, light-transmitting sheet-like material, and means supporting said panes in juxtaposed water and air-tight relation to form substantially the entire surface are of said semi-spherical roof section. 