A mechanically air conditioned shelter includes wind deflectors, as part of the outer walls of the shelter, and a series of blades moving about a generally vertical axis, the wind being funneled into working engagement with the blades. In a preferred embodiment, power from the blades is used to compress a fluid which is reversibly distributed to coils located outside of the shelter, and to another within a liquid storage tank, thereby to either heat or cool the liquid in the storage tank. This liquid is used for heating or cooling of the shelter. A sufficient volume of liquid is maintained in the storage tank to keep the shelter cooled or heated during those periods in which there is little or no wind.
Claims I claim: 1. The combination of a wind-harnessing energy collection system with a shelter having at least one exterior wall, the system comprising: 1. A plurality of blades disposed generally about a generally vertical axis so that upon movement about said axis, at least one blade presents a generally planar surface workably opposed to at least one line of force extending along a generally tangential line from any point thereon to the point of departure of said tangential line from the arc described by the rotation of the periphery of the blades; 2. Rotable mounting means for said blades whereby, rotation of said blades generally about said axis is permitted, and, 3. Fixed wind deflector means including at least a portion of at least one exterior wall of the shelter and comprising a plurality of fixed generally planar surfaces at least two of which are generally vertical and extending generally tangential to said arc described by the periphery of said blades upon rotation thereby to funnel ambiant winds tangentially towards said arc so as workably to engage said blades. 2. The wind-harnessing energy collector system of Claim 1 wherein at least one blade presents a generally planar surface workably opposed to at least one line of force extending in a generally ascending direction. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein wind deflector means include at least one external wall of said shelter 50 disposed as to upwardly deflect wind towards said blades. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein wind deflector means include at least one external wall of said shelter so disposed as to downwardly deflect wind toward said blades. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein said generally vertical wind deflector means are slanted from the vertical so as to conform to an upwardly deflecting truncated generally cone-shaped surface comprising the outer surface of the external wall of said shelter, said upwardly deflecting outer surface and said slanted generally tangential planar surface coacting with said cap to create at least one three-sided funnel to channel the wind so as workably to engage said blades. 6. An air conditioning system for a shelter comprising in combination: a. means for converting mechanical energy to heat; b. b. means for storing heat; c. means for distributing to heat; and d. means for collecting the mechanical energy comprising; 1. A plurality of blades disposed generally about a generally vertical axis so that upon movement about said axis, at least one blade presents a generally planer surface workably opposed to at least one line of force extending along a generally tangential line from any point thereon to the point of departure of said tangential line from the arc described by the rotation of the periphery of the blades. 2. Rotable mounting means for said blades whereby rotation of said blades generally about a said axis is permitted. 3. Fixed wind deflector means including at least a portion of at least one exterior wall of the shelter and comprising a plurality of fixed generally planer surfaces at least two of which are generally vertical and extending generally tangential to said arc described by the periphery of said blades upon rotation thereby to funnel ambiant winds tangentially towards said arc so as to workably engage said blades, and 4. Mechanical power transfer means between the blades and the heat conversion means. 7. The system of claim 6 wherein the heat distribution means includes heat storage means. 8. The system of claim 6 wherein means for converting mechanical energy to heat includes means for converting mechanical energy to coolness, means for storing heat includes means for storing coolness, and means for distributing heat includes means for distributing coolness. 9. The system of claim 6 further including a cap affixed to the upper edges of the blades. 10. The system of claim 6 in which the blades upwardly deflect the wind. 11. A mechanically air conditioned shelter having external walls and a living space and comprising in combination: a. liquid energy storage including: 1. liquid storage space, and 2. liquid; b. a first heat transfer means coacting with said liquid; c. a variable speed gas compressor; d. a second heat transfer means coacting with a fluid medium external to said shelter and said storage space; e. fluid transfer means between each of said first and second heat transfer means and said compressor, whereby compressed fluid may be evaporated in either of said heat transfer means and condensed in the other of said heat transfer means; f. heat transfer and distribution means whereby heat is transferred to or from said storage space from or to said living space and distributed within said living space; g. a plurality of blades positioned radially and moveable about a generally vertical axis so that upon movement about said axis, each blade presents a generally vertical planar surface workably opposed to at least one line of force extending along a generally tangential line from any point thereon to the point of departure of said tangential line from the arc described by the rotation of the periphery of the blades; h. rotatable mounting means for said blades whereby rotation of said blades about said axis is permitted; i. mechanical power transfer means between said blades and said compressor, and j. fixed wind deflector means including at least a substantial portion of the outer surface of said external walls of said shelter and comprising a plurality of fixed generally planar surfaces at least two of which are generally vertical and extending generally tangential to said arc described by the periphery of said blades upon rotation thereby to funnel prevailing winds tangentially toward said arc so as workably to engage said blades. 12. The shelter of claim 11 further including a hot water system in which the hot water is heated by a fluid compression, evaporation, condensation, and transfer system having a compressor driven by the mechanical power generated by the wind working against the blades. 13. The shelter of claim 11 further including an agitator in the liquid storage space. 14. The shelter of claim 13 in which the agitator is powered by a drive shaft which in turn is gear driven by the blades. 15. The shelter of claim 11 wherein said heat transfer and distribution means comprises the radiant effect of at least a portion of the living space and at least a portion of the perophery of the liquid storage space in close proximity. 16. The shelter of claim 11 wherein said heat transfer and distribution means comprises liquid distribution, heat transfer and return means whereby said liquid is transferred to or from said storage space from or to said living space and heat is transferred to or from said liquid from or to the atmosphere of said shelter. 17. The shelter of claim 16 wherein the liquid distribution means includes a pump mechanically operated by wind power. 18. The shelter of claim 11 wherein the fluid medium external to the shelter comprises the ambiant atmosphere. 19. The shelter of claim 11 wherein the fluid medium external to the shelter comprises a liquid which is heated by solar heat collectors. 