A solar collector unit including a corrugated absorber element coated with a reflectively selective coating; a plurality of thin, low mass, low thermal conductivity, thermal isolating elements for supporting the absorber element; and an insulation medium spaced from and generally parallel to the absorber element and disposed on a first side of the absorber element; a reflector surface carried on said insulation medium between said first side and the medium; and an inner transparent insulating sheet spaced from and generally parallel to the absorber element disposed on the second side of the absorber element for transmitting solar radiation to the absorber element and suppressing heat loss.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar collector unit comprising: a corrugated foil absorber element of low thermal mass; a reflectively selective coating on said absorber unit; a plurality of thin, low mass, low thermal conductivity, thermal isolating wire elements extending in a plane generally parallel to and beneath said absorber element for supporting said absorber element; an insulation medium spaced from and generally parallel to said absorber element, disposed on the bottom side of said absorber element; a reflector surface carried on said insulation medium between said bottom side and said medium; and an inner transparent insulating sheet spaced from and generally parallel to said absorber element disposed on the top side of said absorber for transmitting solar radiation to said absorber element and suppressing heat loss. 2. The solar collector unit of claim 1, further including a pair of side members, one disposed along each longiudinal edge of said absorber element for mounting said thermal isolation elements and said transparent insulation sheet. 3. The solar collector unit of claim 1 further including a cold air input manifold for introducing cool air to be heated to said absorber element longitudinally along both sides of said absorber element. 4. The solar collector unit of claim 1 further including a warm air output manifold for collecting heated air from said absorber element. 5. The solar collector unit of claim 1 further including a second outer transparent insulating sheet spaced from and generally parallel to said inner sheet and farther from said absorber element. 6. The solar collection unit of claim 3 in which said manifold includes a long narrow inlet slot for producing a smooth laminar flow along the inside of said inner transparent sheet and said reflector surface to provide an insulating barrier between the hotter turbulent air flow proximate said absorber element and the inner transparent sheet and reflector surface and improving transfer of heat between that turbulent air flow and the laminar flow. 7. A solar collector unit comprising: a plurality of solar collector units, each including: a corrugated foil absorber element of low thermal mass; a reflectively selective coating on said absorber unit; a plurality of thin, low mass, low thermal conductivity thermal isolating wire elements extending in a plane generally parallel to and beneath said absorber element for supporting said absorber element; an insulation medium spaced from and generally parallel to said absorber element, disposed on the bottom side of said absorber element; a reflector surface carried on said insulation medium between said bottom side and said medium; and medium; and an inner transperant insulating sheet spaced from and gnerally parallel to said absorber element disposed on the top side of said absorber for transmitting solar radiation to said absorber element and suppressing heat loss. 8. The solar collector system of claim 7 in which longitudinally abutting adjacent absorber elements are disposed with their corrugations staggered relative to each adjacent absorber element to promote turbulent air flow in the corrugations. 