A portable solar heated shelter comprising at least one fixed roof layer and a second roof layer which can be selectively deployed to vary the thermal characteristics of the shelter. The shelter preferably comprises a rigid frame on which first and second end walls are preferably pivotally mounted. The end walls are preferably foldable between a vertically upright operative position and a generally horizontal, lowered storage position, and when deployed support the roof layers to define the enclosure. The second roof layer is adapted to be unwound from a storage spool and drawn into a take-up spool, passing over the first roof layer, by a cranking action. The second roof layer preferably comprises a first sunshade portion and a series connected heat insulative portion of opaque material which may be selectively deployed to control the thermal characteristics of the enclosure.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy heated shelter comprising: a rigid, substantially horizontal frame adapted to be disposed upon a supporting surface, said frame defining a generally flat floor surface; a first upright, generally vertical end wall coupled to said frame; a second upright, generally vertical end wall spaced apart from said first wall and coupled to said frame; wall support means extending between said first and second end walls for maintaining said first and second walls in an upright generally vertical position; a first flexible weather-resistant roof layer extending between and fixed to said first and second end walls, said first roof layer forming roof and side walls, and thereby cooperating with said frame and said first and second end walls to define an enclosure; a second flexible roof layer moveably mounted relative to said first roof layer for movement between a storage position, wherein said second roof layer is clear of said first roof layer to permit solar energy to be incident on said first roof layer, and a deployed position, wherein said second roof layer at least partially covers said first roof layer to intercept solar energy otherwise incident on said first roof layer and to better contain within said enclosure solar energy already absorbed by the enclosure; storage spool means carried by said frame for storing said second roof layer when in storage position and for selectively outputting said second roof layer in response to unwinding of said spool means to move said second roof layer to deployed position; take up spool means revolvably attached to said frame opposite said storage spool means for cooperating with said storage spool means to draw said second roof layer into deployed position over said enclosure; and door means defined in at least one of said first and second end walls for selectively enabling access to said enclosure. 2. The combination as defined in claim 1 wherein: said first end wall is swingably mounted to said frame for movement between an upright erected position and a storage position overlying said floor surface; said second end wall is swingably mounted to said frame for movement between an upright erected position and a storage position overlying said first end wall when said first end wall is in said storage position; and said first roof layer is adapted to be foldably stored and confined between said first and second end walls when said end walls are in storage positions. 3. The combination as defined in claim 2 wherein said wall support means comprises: a plurality of cables extending between said first and second end walls, permitting said end walls to be swung from storage positions to erected positions and preventing further swinging of said walls beyond erected positions; and a plurality of elongated rods removably attached between said first and second end walls to selectively rigidly maintain said walls in upright erected positions. 4. The combination as defined in claim 3 wherein said second roof layer contacts said first roof layer and is supported by same when in a deployed position; and said first and second end walls each include an integral mounting surface for supporting said first roof layer. 5. The combination as defined in claim 1 wherein said enclosure includes a third roof layer extending between said first and second end walls and spaced apart from said first and second roof layers a preselected distance to thereby define a thermally insulative air layer between itself and said first and second roof layers. 6. The combination as defined in claim 5 and further including a plurality of cables extending between said first and second end walls and including knots at each outer end of said cables selectively anchored through predefined orifices provided in an outer periphery of each of said first and second end walls, thereby anchoring said cables within said walls to secure same in a supportive position; and said third roof layer comprises a first hem portion abutting said first end wall and a second hem portion abutting said second end wall, a first cable disposed through said first hem to tightly secure said third roof layer to said first end wall and a second cable disposed through said second hem portion to secure said third layer against said second end wall, said first and second support hems closely abutting said support cable knots and being rigidly secured through frictional engagement therewith. 7. The combination as defined in claim 5 wherein said second roof layer comprises a first selectively deployable sunshade portion for substantially reducing the passage of sunlight therethrough and a second selectively deployable insulative portion comprised of generally opaque heat insulating material for preventing the outward escape of heat from said enclosure, thereby selectively controlling the thermal characteristics of said enclosure. 8. The combination as defined in claim 7 wherein: said first end wall is swingably mounted to said frame for movement between an upright erected position and a storage position overlying said floor surface; said second end wall is swingably mounted to said frame for movement between an upright erected position and a storage position parallel to said floor and overlying said first end wall when said first end wall is said storage position; and said first roof layer is adapted to be foldably stored and confined between said first and second end walls when said end walls are in storage positions. 9. The combination as defined in claim 8 wherein said wall support means comprises: a plurality of cables extending between said first and second end walls, permitting said end walls to be swung from lowered storage positions to erected positions and preventing further swinging of said walls beyond erected positions; and a plurality of elongated rods removably attached between said first and second end walls to selectively rigidly maintain said walls in an upright erected position. 10. The combination as defined in claim 1 wherein said second roof layer comprises a first selectively deployable sunshade portion for substantially reducing the passage of sunlight therethrough and a second selectively deployable insulative portion comprised of generally opaque heat insulting material for preventing the outward escape of heat from said enclosure thereby selectively controlling the thermal characteristics of said enclosure. 11. The combination as defined in claim 10 wherein said storage spool means comprises a housing secured to said frame; an elongated axle member rotatably disposed generally concentrically interiorly of said housing, and drive means releasably attached to said axle and adjustable externally of said housing to facilitate the selective winding or unwinding of said second roof layer. 12. The combination as defined in claim 11 wherein said first and second end walls are of generally bell-shaped configuration, and include an outer peripheral portion and a lower peripheral mounting surface contacted by said first roof layer. 