Steam to be supplied to a turbine is generated in a single pressure chamber reservoir by solar energy concentrated on the head of a conductor mounted in the top wall of the reservoir chamber with its conductive portion extending downward through a head space into the water. Convector surfaces on the conductor in the head space super heats the steam as it flows to the turbine. The solar energy is supplied from a parabolic reflector and directed through a lens system to a focus on the head of the conductor. The focus may be modulated to assure optimum operation without overheating.
Claims I claim: 1. For use in a steam generating system having a conventional steam turbine, apparatus to generate steam from solar energy, comprising reflector means to concentrate said solar energy and lens means to focus such solar energy substantially at a focal point, a conductor element having a heat-receiving head portion positioned substantially at said focal point, whereby such energy impinges thereon, and having a conductive portion depending therefrom, a water reservoir chamber having a normal water level and a head space thereabove including a steam outlet communicating with such turbine, said conductor element being mounted in a top wall of said reservoir chamber with its head portion projecting thereabove and its heat conducting portion extending downward into the lower part of said reservoir chamber, whereby its lower end projects below such water level, thereby to conduct heat to such water, said conductive portion having finned convection surface means above such water level, whereby to superheat the steam rising in the head-space of said reservoir chamber. 2. Apparatus to generate steam from solar energy as defined in claim 1, further having control means to vary the quantum of light impinging upon said conductor element, whereby the temperature in the reservoir chamber may be regulated for optimum heating. 3. Means to generate steam from solar energy as defined in claim 2, wherein said control means comprises means to sense the intensity of the energy impinging on said head portion, and means operably responsive to said sensor means to control the focus of lens, whereby the temperature and pressure in the reservoir chamber are regulated. 4. Apparatus to generate steam from solar energy as defined in claim 1, wherein the reflector means comprises a parabolic bowl having a central light passage, and a concave mirror at the focus of the parabolic bowl directed at said light passage, whereby light from the bowl is reflected to said lens system. 5. The process of converting solar energy into superheated steam, comprising the steps of directing such solar energy gathered by a reflector through a lens system to converge on the head of a conductive element mounted in the upper wall of a reservoir chamber with a head portion projecting therethrough and a heat conducting portion extending downward through a head space into water in the lower part of such reservoir chamber, heating such head portion to a temperature substantially above the boiling point of water, conducting the heat downward from the head portion through the conductive portion in part to projecting convection surface means mounted thereon in the head space and in part downward into the water, from said water generating steam which rises in the head space, and superheating the steam so rising by transferring heat thereto from the projecting convection surface means. 6. The process of converting solar energy into superheated steam as defined in claim 5, together with the steps of monitoring the intensity of the energy so converging on said head portion by means of a sensor, and modulating the focus of the lens in response to the intensity so sensed, whereby to avoid overheating while maintaining production of steam at optimum level. 