Disclosed is a method and means for direct conversion of solar energy to mechanical energy through alternate warming and cooling of material consisting of highly aligned, high density polymer molecules. A strip of said material, when warmed by any means, contracts along its axis of alignment and such contraction can do mechanical work in a way mechanically similar to muscular contraction. A plurality of such strips mounted upon a rotor does work against gravity; the gravity field then returns the energy as torque.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of converting heat energy to mechanical energy comprising: elongating a synthetic polymer until the molecules are highly aligned in the direction of elongation; attaching said elongated synthetic polymer to a load; heating said synthetic polymer to produce contracting along the direction parallel to the aligned molecules; cooling said synthetic polymer to allow it to expand to its original configuration, whereby successive heating and cooling of said synthetic polymer produces work. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein said synthetic polymer is cut into strips prior to elongating. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein, said load is a bending arm having two sections joined by an elastic member; each end of at least one strip is attached to said bending arm on either side of said elastic member; whereby successive heating and cooling of said synthetic polymer strips causes said arm to flex. 4. An apparatus for converting heat energy to mechanical energy comprising: a load; synthetic polymer means attached to said load; said synthetic polymer being an elongated polymer with highly aligned molecules; heat means for heating said synthetic polymer; whereby said polymer contracts when heated and relaxes when cooled, thereby doing work against such load. 5. Apparatus according to claim 4 wherein said load comprises: an axle having its ends supported on bearings; a weight on said axle; mounting means mounting said weight for displacement about said axle; said synthetic polymer being attached to said weight whereby heating of said polymer causes displacement of said weight, resulting in rotating of said axle. 6. Apparatus according to claim 4 wherein said load comprises: a bending arm having a flexible joint; said polymer being at least one strip connected to said arm on opposite sides of said joint, whereby heating of said polymer causes said arm to flex. 7. Apparatus according to claim 4 wherein said synthetic polymer comprises a plurality of strips attached to said load whereby when some of said strips are being heated other of said strips are losing heat. 8. Apparatus according to claim 4 wherein said means for heating said polymer comprises exposing said polymer to solar energy. 9. Apparatus according to claim 4 wherein said polymer is comprised of a plurality of strips of elongated polyethelene. 10. Apparatus according to claim 4 including: pigmenting means for pigmenting said polymer to increase heat absorption. 