Solar ladders are provided in each of which a plurality of parabolic solar reflectors are vertically spaced from each other between a pair of upright support members separated in an east-west direction. Parallelogram linkage on each of the upright supports allows a control rod associated with each support to move in an arcuate path in a vertical plane while maintaining a vertical orientation. Horizontal support bars extending between the vertical control rods adjust the inclination of the parabolic reflectors between a horizontal orientation, to focus the rays of the sun as the sun rises and sets on the horizon, and an elevated orientation during midday. The linkage also maintains horizontal solar energy collectors at the parabolic focus throughout movement of the reflectors. The solar ladder elements can be linked together to operate in unison from a single moving force.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar energy concentrating apparatus comprising: a pair of upright support members spaced apart from each other in an east-west direction; a plurality of parabolic solar reflectors spaced in vertical alignment, each having concave and convex surfaces and a focus and each being symmetrically aligned about a plane extending in an east-west direction and passing through said focus and inclined to a variable degree toward the earth's equator, said reflectors being carried between said upright support members and rotatably mounted relative thereto about mounting axes; a longitudinal horizontal solar energy collector means positioned at the focus of each of said parabolic reflectors; vertically oriented control rods displaced toward the earth's equator relative to said upright support members and proximate thereto, each control rod having upper and lower rotatable connections to an adjacent upright support member, whereby said control rods move in translation in arcuate paths relative to said upright supports while maintaining a vertical orientation, horizontal support bars extending laterally between ones of said control rods to support said reflectors in rotational movement about said mounting axes, whereby said convex surfaces of said reflectors ride upon said support bars as said control rods move in their arcuate paths, a vertical guide arm associated with each control rod and coupled to move in tandem therewith, and said vertical guide arms carry said solar energy collector means, upper and lower connecting links of equal length joining each control rod to approximately located upright support, thereby forming parallelogram linkage for elevating said control rod, and actuating means for moving said control rods in said arcuate paths to track the sun to orient said reflectors to capture and concentrate the rays of the sun at said focuses, whereby said guide arms continually maintain said solar energy collector means at said focuses. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 further characterized in that a plurality of pairs of said upright support members are positioned side by side aligned in an east-west direction, each pair of support members carrying a plurality of vertically spaced reflectors as aforesaid, and further comprising lateral linking means interconnecting ones of said control rods to cause all of said control rods to move in unison. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 further characterized in that a plurality of pairs of said upright support members are positioned side by side to form a rank of solar energy ladders aligned in an east west direction, and lateral linking means interconnect ones of said control rods to cause all of the reflectors of said rank to move synchronously, and additional pairs of said upright support members with reflectors mounted thereon are provided and are uniformly spaced in a north-south direction from corresponding ones of said pairs in the aforesaid rank, thereby forming a rectilinear matrix of solar energy ladders. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 further characterized in that said uniform spacing in a north-south direction is at least twice the height of a solar ladder. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 further characterized in that said connecting links form rotatable connections at said control rods, at said upright supports, and at said guide arms, and mounting braces extend from the vertices of said parabolic reflectors along the axes of symmetry thereof, and said reflectors are rotatably connected to said upright supports at said mounting axes by means of said mounting braces, and said mounting axes are in vertical alignment with said rotatable connections of said connecting links to said upright support members. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 further characterized in that said actuating means is comprised of a hydraulic cylinder having one end anchored relative to the earth's surface and having another end coupled to one of said control rods. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 further characterized in that said solar energy collection means comprises sections of rigid hollow tubing carrying a fluid heat transfer medium, and flexible tubing segments connect said rigid sections of tubing to a heat sink. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 further characterized in that apertures are defined in said vertical guide arms at the focuses of said parabolic reflectors, and fluid transfer tubes pass through said apertures and provide a path of fluid communication between the solar energy collection means associated with all of the vertically displaced reflectors carried between a single pair of said upright support members. 