A highly efficient, low cost, heat transfer sheet providing for transfer of heat from the sheet to a fluid and finding particular use in solar collectors.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar heat collector assembly including a sheet of heat transfer material, radiant energy transmitting, cover means on one side of the sheet of material and spaced therefrom, means to support the cover means relative to said sheet of material to form a first chamber extending along a first side of said sheet of material, means forming a second chamber on a second side of said sheet opposite from the first chamber, said sheet of material being in the range of 0.001 to 0.015 inches thick and having apertures therethrough, no greater than 0.025 inches in smallest dimension, said apertures being spaced apart and providing passage of air from the first chamber to the second chamber, means to cause a forced airflow from said first to said second chambers, said apertures being spaced in said sheet of material so that a desired rate of forced airflow causes a sufficient pressure drop across said sheet of material to substantially suppress free convection. 2. The solar heat collector of claim 1 wherein said sheet of material is under 0.010 inches thick and the openings are slits in the range of 0.004 inches wide and provide an open area of less than 2% of the side surface area of said sheet of material. 3. A heat transfer assembly including a frame, means to support a perforated sheet of material having a substantial side surface area on said frame, and having a plurality of apertures therethrough, means to permit heating of said sheet, means to form a pair of separated chambers on opposite sides of said sheet and each opening to substantially the entire surface area of said perforated sheet, means to create a forced flow of air from one chamber to the other only through said perforations in said sheet, said means providing sufficient airflow in relation to the aperture size and spacing to suppress free convection in said heat transfer assembly. 4. The heat transfer assembly of claim 3 wherein said sheet is under 0.010 inches in thickness, and said apertures are slits not substantially greater in width than the thickness of the sheet and form between 0.2% and 2% open area in the perforated sheet. 5. The heat transfer assembly of claim 3 wherein said means providing airflow provides airflow that causes a pressure drop across said sheet substantially ten times the pressure differential between said chambers occasioned by the temperature difference in said chambers. 6. A heat transfer assembly including a sheet of heat conducting material adapted to be heated, said sheet of material having apertures defined therethrough, said apertures having a minimum dimension across at least one transverse width axis that is in the range of one/tenth to ten times the thickness of said sheet, said apertures being substantially uniformly spaced to produce 0.1% to 20% open area in said sheet of material, means mounting said sheet of material and defining chambers for fluid flow on each of the opposite sides of said sheet and means connected to at least one chamber to provide a fluid pressure drop across said sheet of material to force fluid to flow through said apertures at a desired rate. 7. The combination as specified in claim 6 wherein said apertures are holes having generally uniform diameters, and the holes range in size from 0.002 inch to 0.020 inch a diameter. 8. The heat transfer assembly of claim 6 wherein said sheet of material is aluminum and is in the range of 0.001 inch to 0.015 inch in thickness. 9. The heat transfer assembly of claim 6 wherein said apertures have a minimum dimension across at least one transverse width axis that is in the range of one/tenth to ten times the aperture flow length, said aperture flow length being measured generally perpendicular to the sheet and in the fluid flow direction of said apertures, said apertures being pierced and deformed into a shape such that the aperture flow length is in the range of one to ten times the thickness of the sheet. 10. The heat transfer assembly of claim 8 including means supporting a radiant energy transmitting, cover means on one side of the sheet of material in spaced relation thereto to form one of said chambers, said sheet of aluminum being under 0.010 inches thick and said apertures comprising slits in the range of 0.004 inches wide and provide an open area of less than 2% of the side area of the sheet of material. 11. A heat transfer assembly including a frame, means to support a perforated sheet of heat conducting material such as aluminum having a substantial side surface area on said frame, said sheet having a plurality of perforations therethrough and being generally evenly spaced across the entire sheet, means to permit heating of said sheet, means to form at least one chamber on one of the opposite sides of said sheet opening to substantially the entire active surface area of said perforated sheet, said chamber being fluidly separated from the other side of the sheet except for the perforations in said sheet, said other side of said sheet being open to a desired location, means to create a forced flow of fluid to said one chamber from the other side of said sheet only through said perforations in said sheet, said sheet being under 0.015 inches in thickness, and said perforations comprising slits not substantially greater in width than the thickness of the sheet and which form between 0.1% and 10% open area in the perforated sheet. 12. A heat transfer assembly including a sheet of heat conducting material adapted to be heated and having a desired thickness, said sheet of material having apertures defined therethrough, said apertures having a minimum dimension across at least one transverse width axis that is in the range of one/tenth to ten times the thickness of said sheet, said apertures being substantially uniformly spaced to produce 0.1% to 20% open area in said sheet of material, means mounting said sheet of material and defining at least one chamber for fluid flow open to one of the sides of said sheet, the opposite side of said sheet opening to a desired location, and means connected to said one chamber to provide a fluid pressure drop across said sheet of material to force fluid to flow through said apertures at a desired rate. 