Solar energy converting apparatus is disclosed which comprises: (a) focussing means having a focal plane; (b) solar energy absorbing means located along the focal line of the focussing means; (c) a support structure including mounting means for rotating the focussing means about an axis which is co-incident with the focal line of the focussing means; and (d) solar tracking means having an optical plane which is parallel to said focal plane, said tracking means including two heat extensible members which are arranged to receive equal amounts of heat from solar energy when the optical plane is directed at the sun and to receive unequal amounts of heat from solar energy when the optical plane is not directed at the sun, said extensible members being coupled to act between the support structure and the focussing means to cause rotation of the focussing means in accordance with the heat received by respective extensible members. Thus the energy required for tracking the sun is derived directly from the received solar energy.
Claims I claim: 1. Solar energy converting apparatus comprising: (a) focussing means having a focal plane; (b) solar energy absorbing means located along the focal line of the focussing means; (c) a support structure including mounting means for rotatably mounting the focussing means about an axis which is co-incident with the focal line of the focussing means; and (d) solar tracking means having an optical plane which is parallel to said focal plane, said tracking means including first and second heat extensible members which are arranged to receive equal amounts of heat from solar energy when the optical plane is directed at the sun and to receive unequal amounts of heat from solar energy when the optical plane is not directed at the sun, said extensible members being coupled to act between the support structure and the focussing means to cause rotation of the focussing means in accordance with the heat received by respective extensible members, and wherein the tracking means includes first and second fluid expandable bellows which are coupled to first and second fluid filled elements respectively and first and second focussing elements, the first and second fluid filled elements being located at the focal lines of the first and second focussing elements respectively. 2. Apparatus as claimed in claim 1 wherein the focussing elements comprise trough-shaped parabolic reflectors which are symmetrically disposed about the optical plane of the solar tracking means but their focal planes are off set relative to said optical plane. 3. Apparatus as claimed in claim 2 wherein the focal planes of the reflectors both converge toward or both diverge away from the optical plane. 4. Apparatus as claimed in claim 2 wherein shading means are located distal of the parabolic reflectors and fluid filled elements, the shading means shading the fluid filled elements from direct solar energy. 5. Apparatus as claimed in claim 4 wherein the support structure comprises a housing within which the focussing means and tracking means are located, and said bellows are mounted on the housing and act upon a flange which projects from the focussing means. 6. Apparatus as claimed in claim 2 wherein the parabolic reflectors are carried by said focussing means, and the tracking means includes adjusting means sensitive so the temperature of said solar energy absorbing means and operable to misalign the parabolic reflectors relative to the focal plane of the focussing means. 7. Solar energy converting apparatus comprising: (a) focussing means having a focal plane; (b) solar energy absorbing means located along the focal line of the focussing means; (c) a support structure including mounting means for rotatably mounting the focussing means about an axis which is co-incident with the focal line of the focussing means; and (d) solar tracking means having an optical plane which is parallel to said focal plane, said tracking means including first and second heat extensible rods which are arranged to receive equal amounts of heat from solar energy when the optical plane is directed at the sun and to receive unequal amounts of heat from solar energy when the optical plane is not directed at the sun, said extensible rods being coupled to act between the support structure and the focussing means to cause rotation of the focussing means in accordance with the heat received by respective extensible rods and wherein the tracking means includes first and second focussing elements, the first and second heat expandable rods being located at the focal lines of the first and second focussing elements respectively. 8. Apparatus as claimed in claim 7 wherein the focussing elements comprise trough-shaped parabolic reflectors which are symmetrically disposed about said optical plane but their focal planes are off set relative to said optical plane. 9. Apparatus as claimed in claim 8 wherein the focal planes both converge toward or diverge away from the optical plane. 10. Apparatus as claimed in claim 9 wherein the support structure comprises a housing within which the focussing means and tracking means are located and wherein one end of each rod is fixed relative to the focussing means and the free ends are engageable with first and second levers pivotally carried by the focussing means, said levers co-operating with a flange or flanges projecting from the housing. 11. Apparatus as claimed in claim 8 wherein shading means are located distal of the parabolic reflectors and fluid filled elements, the shading means shading the fluid filled elements from direct solar energy. 12. Apparatus as claimed in claim 8 wherein the parabolic reflectors are carried by said focussing means, and the tracking means includes adjusting means sensitive to the temperature of said solar energy absorbing means and operable to misalign the parabolic reflectors relative to the focal plane of the focussing means. 