A toy top device adapted for a variety of uses is provided which utilizes a solar energy conversion means for powering the top. The device includes a base structure having an electric motor mounted to it so that a motor shaft and rotor assembly of the motor remain stationary while a stator assembly of the motor rotates. An enclosure is mounted to the stator assembly and rotates with it. The enclosure includes a translucent top wall and a side wall which together define a cavity. The enclosure carries the solar energy conversion means in light communicating relationship with the top wall, and is electrically connected to the motor. The enclosure preferably has a design silhouette resembling a conventional toy top. It may be used as a conventional spinning toy top. However, the device is adaptable to various uses by simple interconnection of additional structure to the enclosure.
Claims Having thus described the invention, what is claimed and desired to be secured by Letters Patent is: 1. A solar powered device, comprising: a support structure, said support structure including an upper surface; a plate mounted to the upper surface of said support structure, said plate having a plurality of indicia indicated on it; an electric motor, said motor including a stator assembly and a rotor assembly, said rotor assembly having a shaft extending outwardly from said stator and rotor assemblies on at least one end of said motor, said extension being mounted to said support structure, said stator assembly being rotatably mounted with respect to said rotor assembly and said shaft; and top means mounted to said stator assembly and rotatable therewith, said top means comprising an enclosure having at least one side wall and a top wall, said side wall having pointer means integrally formed with it, individual ones of said indicia of said plate being arranged for alignment with said pointer, said top wall being transparent, said enclosure defining a cavity, means for mounting said enclosure to said stator assembly such that said stator assembly is within said cavity, said mounting means including a mounting plate attached to said enclosure, said mounting plate having a receptacle formed on a first side of it, said receptacle being sized to interlock with said motor, and solar energy conversion means mounted in said cavity in operative relationship with said top wall, said solar conversion means being operatively connected to said motor. 2. The device of claim 1 wherein said plate is removably mounted to said support structure. 3. The device of claim 2 wherein said side wall of said top means includes connection means integrally formed with it, said connection means comprising a pair of sides spaced from one another to define a longitudinal groove therebetween. 4. The device of claim 3 further characterized by a connector mounted to said connection means, said connector including a pair of arms extending radially outwardly from said side wall, and a cross-over section connecting said arms, said cross-over section extending along the periphery of said top means. 5. A toy, comprising: a support structure, said support structure including an upper surface; an electric motor, said electric motor including a stator assembly and a rotor assembly, said rotor assembly having a shaft extending from said stator and rotor assemblies on at least one end of said motor, the extension of said shaft being attached to and fixed with respect to said support structure, said stator assembly being rotatably mounted with respect to said rotor assembly and said shaft; and top means mounted to said stator assembly and rotatable therewith, said top means including an enclosure having at least one side wall and a top wall, said top wall being transparent, said side wall having attached to it means for interacting with the upper surface of said support structure to provide an amusement function with said device, said top means further including solar energy conversion means mounted in said enclosure to said top means in operative relationship with said top wall and electrically connected to said motor so that radiation of said solar energy conversion means energizes said motor. 6. The toy of claim 5 wherein said interacting means comprises a pointer attached to the side wall of the enclosure of said top means, and a plate mounted to the upper surface of said support structure, said plate having a plurality of indicia indicated on it, individual ones of said indicia of said plate being arranged for alignment with said pointer. 7. The toy of claim 5 wherein said interacting means comprises a connection means attached to the said side wall of said top means, said connection means permitting the attachment of additional structure to said top means, said connection means including means for frictionally engaging such additional structure. 8. A solar powered device, comprising: a support structure; an electric motor, said electric motor including a stator assembly and a rotor assembly, said rotor assembly having a shaft extending outwardly from said stator and rotor asemblies on at least one end of said motor, said extension being mounted to said support structure, said stator assembly being rotatably mounted with respect to said rotor assembly and said shaft; top means mounted to said stator assembly and rotatable therewith, said top means comprising an enclosure defining a cavity and having at least one side wall and a top wall, said side wall including connection means integrally formed with it, said connection means comprising a pair of sides spaced from one another to define a longitudinal groove therebetween, said top wall being transparent, means for mounting said enclosure to said stator assembly such that said stator assembly is within said cavity, said mounting means including a mounting plate attached to said enclosure, said mounting plate having a receptacle formed on a first side of it, said receptacle being sized to interlock with said motor, and solar energy conversion means mounted to said cavity in operative relationship with said top wall, said solar conversion means being operatively connected to said motor; and a connector mounted to said connection means, said connector including a pair of arms extending radially outwardly from said side wall, and a cross over section connecting said arms, said cross over section extending along the periphery of said top means. 