A system for collecting solar energy comprising a plurality of collecting units pivotally mounted to a shiny support surface. Each unit has a first plate member with at least one reflecting side, a second plate member joined to the first plate member and pivotally mounted to the support surface, and a collecting means positioned between the two plate members. The system includes a control means for pivoting the units about their axis in unison to expose the collecting means of each unit to direct and indirect sunlight. Nearly all of the sunlight falling between any pair of units is either received directly by the collecting means of one of the pair of units or indirectly by reflection off the shiny support surface and the reflecting side or sides of the other unit in the pair. The units are positionable in a closed position in which the first plate members overlap to protect the collecting means of each unit. The system is particularly suitable for use in a limited area such as the roof or walls of a house.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for collecting solar energy comprising: (a) a plurality of solar energy collecting units each of said units comprising; a flat planar solar reflecting support surface, enclosure means having a flat planar solar reflecting outer surface and an inside surface opposite to said reflecting surface for mounting solar energy collecting means, means for pivotally mounting the enclosure means to the support surface for rotation with respect to said support surface about a pivotal axis, solar energy collecting means mounted within said enclosure means between said inside surface and said support surface for collecting solar energy, (b) whereby said solar energy collecting units can be mounted to a structure side by side such that each enclosure means can be positioned such that the collector means are enclosed and protected or can be rotated about its pivotal axis for aligning its collecting means to direct sunlight and to reflected sunlight from the support surface and from the outer reflecting surface of the enclosure means on an adjacent unit. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said inside surface of said enclosure means has a solar reflecting surface. 3. The system of claim 1 further including: (a) means to move each of said collecting units about the respective pivotal axis thereof. 4. The system of claim 1 further including: (a) means to move each of said collecting units in unison about a respective pivotal axis thereof. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein said support surface is part of the outside of a house and is made of a shiny material to reflect sunlight. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein the pivotal axes of said collecting units are substantially parallel. 7. The system of claim 6 wherein said pivotal axes are spaced from each other a distance less than the extent of the reflecting outer surface of said enclosure means substantially normal to said pivotal axes whereby said outer surfaces can be positioned to overlap. 8. A solar heat collecting system for use on a building or structure comprising: (a) a reflective base plate mounted directly to said building or structure; (b) a multiplicity of solar energy collectors; (c) a box-like holder in which said collectors are secured pivotally mounted to said reflective base plate and having a solar reflective outer surface; (d) said box-like holder occupying a first closed position wherein said collectors are totally enclosed between said box-like holder and said reflective base plate; (e) said box-like holder being movable from said first closed position pivotally about a first side which remains pivotally secured to said reflective base plate to a second open position wherein a second side of said box-like holder is removed from said reflective base plate a predetermined distance; and (f) said reflective base plate reflects solar rays into said box-like holder and onto said collector when said box-like holder assumes said second, open position. 9. A solar heat collecting system as claimed in claim 8, wherein: (a) said reflective base plate has a width greater than a width of said box-like holder. 10. A solar heat collecting system as claimed in claim 8, including: (a) a mechanical system for moving said box-like holder from said first closed position to said second open position wherein said predetermined distance may be any of a variety of distances depending upon a direction of said solar rays. 11. A solar heat collecting system as claimed in claim 8 wherein: (a) said reflective base plate is mounted to a roof portion of said building or structure. 12. A solar heat collecting system as claimed in claim 8 wherein: (a) said reflective base plate is mounted to a side wall of said building or structure. 13. A solar heat collecting system as claimed in claim 8 wherein: (a) said reflective base plate is slideably mounted to said building or structure side to be slideably movable thereon. 14. A solar heat collecting system as claimed in claim 8, wherein: (a) said box-like holder is reflective on both an inside surface and an outside surface. 15. A solar heat collecting system as claimed in claim 8 wherein: (a) said solar energy collectors are pipes transporting a fluid. 16. A solar heat collecting system as claimed in claim 15 wherein: (a) said pipes transporting fluid are enclosed in transparent tubes. 17. A solar heat collecting system as claimed in claim 8, wherein: (a) a multiplicity of said box-like holders are combined; and (b) said second side of said box-like holder includes a protruding portion which overlays an adjoining one of said box-like holders when said box-like holders are in said first closed position. 