A sundial which is adjustable with respect to its mounting location to correct for its earth location in both longitude and latitude. The sundial is provided with solar time equation indicia and indicator to correct real solar time to mean solar time and includes further indicia to determine the calendar date based on sun declination.
Claims What is claimed: 1. An adjustable sundial comprising: (a) a first semi-circular member, a straight cord means subtended between the ends of the first semi-circular member, date calibrations inscribed on the concave surface of the first member extending approximately plus or minus 23.5.degree. about the midpoint of the first semi-circular member, and having spacing corresponding to the sun's declination; (b) a second semi-circular member of substantially the same size as the first member, the midpoint of the second member being secured to the midpoint of the first member and at a right angle with respect thereto, a second straight cord means subtended between the ends of the second member and crossing said first cord means at a right angle with respect thereto; (c) a circular segment slip ring member having the same radius and curvature as the second member reciprocally disposed on the concave surface of said second member, a plurality of equally spaced time calibrations ranging from morning to evening on the concave surface of said slip ring, the 12 o'clock indicia being located near the midpoint thereof; and (d) sun declination adjusting means carried by the sundial and cooperating with the slip ring member for correcting the time according to the sun's declination. 2. A sundial as set forth in claim 1 whrein the second semi-circular member is provided with an elongated groove along the entire length of the concave surface thereof for reciprocally receiving the slip ring member therein. 3. A sundial as set forth in claim 1 wherein the first semi-circular member is provided with an adjustable mounting means for securing the sundial to a stationary object, said mounting means being adjustable along its semi-circular arc to compensate for a particular mounting latitude. 4. A sundial as set forth in claim 3 whrein the mounting means is an elongated slot having threaded attachment means reciprocally carried thereby. 5. A sundial as set forth in claim 4 wherein the sun declination adjustment means comprises a plurality of second calibrations spaced along the second semi-circular member, at least one said calibration for each of the twelve calendar months, each said calibration being positioned near a corresponding time calibration on the moveable slip member, the spacing of said second date calibrations with respect to said time calibrations being based on the error due to the earth's position in orbit and related to the sun's declination. 6. A sundial as set forth in claim 1 whrein the date calibrations are divided on either side of the concave surface of the first semi-circular member with the dates from approximately Dec. 2, to Apr. 14 and from approximately June 22 to Aug. 14 being on one side with the remaining dates on the opposite. 7. A sundial as set forth in claim 6 wherein the sun declination adjustment means comprises an analemma time equation curve described on the first concave surface of the first semi-circular member superimposed with the said date calibrations, the scale of the width of said analemma curve cooperating with the spacing of the time calibrations on said slip ring member whereby, depending on the sun's declination and the time equation curve associated therewith, the slip ring member may be adjusted to correct solar time to mean solar time indicated by the sun so that clock time may be read directly. 8. A sundial as set forth in claim 7 including longitudinal time zone correction means comprising a moveable indicator slidably carried by the slip ring member. 9. A sundial as set forth in claim 7 wherein the longitudinal time zone correction means comprises an elongated slot provided in the slip ring member on either side of the 12 o'clock indicia and a moveable indicator carried within said slot and adjustable throughout the length of said slot. 