A solar collector using a basic element suitable for modular construction is described, comprising an absorber panel including a plurality of metal extrusions attached together in the direction of the width of the panel, and further metal extrusions each cut along a diagonal line and attached to the opposite ends of the absorber panel to form the inlet and outlet manifolds. The solar collector further includes transparent window panels attached to the housing frame by a mounting having a resilient partition facing the absorber panel to partition the space between the transparent panel and the absorber panel and thereby to reduce convection losses.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar collector comprising a housing having a window transparent to solar radiations, and an absorber panel disposed within the housing and having a solar-radiation-absorbing surface facing said window; said absorber panel including a main extrusion section integrally formed with a plurality of fluid-conducting channels extending in one direction through the panel for conducting a fluid to be heated by the solar radiations intercepted by the absober panel, and two end extrusions each integrally formed with a plurality of fluid-conducting channels extending at right angles to those of the main extrusion section, and each cut along a diagonal line through its respective plurality of channels, one end extrusion being joined along its diagonal cut line to one end of said main extrusion section and constituting the inlet manifold of the absorber panel, the other end extrusion being joined along its diagonal cut line to the opposite end of said main extrusion section and constituting the outlet manifold of the absorber panel. 2. A solar collector according to claim 1, wherein said main extrusion section and said end extrusions are of metal and each includes outer walls joined together by a plurality of transverse partitions defining said fluid-conducting channels therebetween. 3. A solar collector according to claim 1, wherein the two ends of the main extrusion section are also cut at a bias to mate with the diagonal cut lines of the end extrusions. 4. A solar collector according to claim 1, wherein said fluid conducting channels of the main extrusion section extend in the direction of the length of the absorber panel, said main extrusion section including a plurality of individual extrusions attached together in the direction of the width of the panel. 5. A solar collector according to claim 1, wherein said housing includes a rigid frame, said window including a transparent panel attached to said frame overlying and spaced from the radiation-absorbing surface of the absorber panel, said collector further including a partition in the space between the transparent panel and the absorber panel to reduce losses by convection. 6. A solar collector according to claim 5, wherein said housing includes at least a pair of said transparent panels supported in side-by-side relationship by a mounting attached to said frame, said partition depending from said mounting and extending towards the absorber panel. 7. A solar collector according to claim 5, wherein said mounting comprises a rigid strip extending across said frame and attached thereto, and wherein said partition includes a resilient strip carried by and depending from said rigid strip towards the absorber panel. 8. A solar collector according to claim 5, wherein said housing includes a plurality of insulating strips extending on edge in spaced parallel relationship across said frame and attached thereto for supporting said absorber panel. 9. A solar collector according to claim 5, wherein said housing further includes an insulating panel supported by said frame and constituting the bottom wall of the housing, insulating liner strips around the frame, a bed of insulation between the absorber panel and the bottom insulating panel, and insulating spacer strips spacing the insulation bed from the insulating liner strips. 