A solar collector having a reflector element biased toward a parabolic shape by means of forces applied to peripheral edges of the element. The forces can be opposed straight line forces, opposite acting torsion forces, or both, and if a flexible sheet is employed as the reflector element, the forces can be supplemented by resilient elements which tension the sheet in the direction perpendicular to the curvature thereof and help retain the sheet in its desired parabolic shape.
Claims What is claimed as new is as follows: 1. A solar collector, comprising, in combination: (a) a heat collector; (b) reflector means for directing radiation from the sun onto the heat collector; (c) support means for mounting the heat collector and reflector means in cooperating relationship and for exerting opposed forces at spaced points on the reflector means and biasing the reflector means toward a parabolic contour focusing rays toward the head collector; and (d) the reflector means including a substantially rectangular, normally substantially planar reflector element including a pair of spaced, substantially parallel, peripheral edges, with the support means including a pair of spaced, opposed attachment points engaging the peripheral edges of the reflector element, the attachment points being spaced from one another a distance less than a distance between the peripheral edges of the reflector element for biasing the reflector element toward the desired parabolic contour, the reflector means further including a resilient strip engaging the attachment points and partially overlying and abutting the reflector element for biasing the reflector element toward a parabolic contour. 2. A structure as defined in claim 1, wherein the reflecting element is formed by a sheet of flexible material provided with a reflecting surface and having ends disposed perpendicular to the peripheral edges of the reflecting element, with the strip being a pair of strips attached to the sheet at the ends thereof and engaging with the attachment points of the support means for biasing the sheet toward a parabolic contour. 3. A structure as defined in claim 2, wherein torsional moments are applied to the reflector element at the peripheral edges thereof, with each of the moments acting in a direction opposite to and toward the other of the moments for adding additional curvature to the element adjacent the peripheral edges thereof and improving ray concentration to the heat collector. 4. A structure as defined in claim 2 wherein the strip is preformed into a curved shape. 5. A structure as defined in claim 2, wherein the forces are torsional moments. 6. A solar collector, comprising, in combination: (a) a heat collector; (b) reflector means for directing radiation from the sun onto the heat collector; (c) support means for mounting the heat collector and reflector means in cooperating relationship and for exerting opposed forces at spaced points on the reflector means and biasing the reflector means toward a parabolic contour focusing rays toward the heat collector; and (d) the reflector means including a substantially rectangular, normally substantially planar reflector element including a pair of spaced, substantially parallel, peripheral edges, with the support means including a pair of spaced, opposed attachment points engaging the peripheral edges of the reflector element, the attachment points being spaced from one another a distance less than a distance between the peripheral edges of the reflector element for biasing the reflector element toward the desired parabolic contour, the reflecting element being formed by a sheet of flexible material provided with a reflecting surface and having ends disposed perpendicular to the peripheral edges of the reflecting element, with a pair of strips being attached to the sheet at the ends thereof and engaging with the attachment points of the support means for biasing the sheet toward a parabolic contour, with the strips being each longitudinally extending and vary in cross-sectional area along the longitudinal extent thereof, the variation being selected for assuring that the strip will tend to form a parabolic curve when mounted on the support means. 7. A structure as defined in claim 6, further including control means for moving the reflector element about the heat collector at a rate corresponding to the movement of the sun, and storage and distribution means connected to the heat collector for receiving a heat absorbing medium from the collector and storing and distributing the medium, and returning the medium to the heat collector for reheating. 8. A solar collector, comprising, in combination: (a) a heat collector; (b) reflector means for directing radiation from the sun onto the heat collector; (c) support means for mounting the heat collector and reflector means in cooperating relationship and for exerting opposed forces at spaced points on the reflector means and biasing the reflector means toward a parabolic contour focusing rays toward the heat collector; and (d) the reflector means including a substantially rectangular, normally substantially planar reflector element including a pair of spaced, substantially parallel, peripheral edges, with the support means including a pair of spaced, opposed attachment points engaging the peripheral edges of the reflector element, the attachment points being spaced from one another a distance less than a distance between the peripheral edges of the reflector element for biasing the reflector element toward the desired parabolic contour, the reflecting element being formed by a sheet of flexible material provided with a reflecting surface and having ends disposed perpendicular to the peripheral edges of the reflecting element, with a pair of strips being attached to the sheet at the ends thereof and engaging with the attachment points of the support means for biasing the sheet toward a parabolic contour, with a resilient member being connected to one of the strips and to the support means for tensioning the sheet and assuring that the sheet maintains the desired shape imparted thereto by the strips. 9. A structure as defined in claim 8, wherein a further flexible strip is inserted between the attachment points and between the ends of the sheet for further biasing the sheet toward a parabolic contour. 10. A structure as defined in claim 9, wherein torsional moments are applied to the reflector element at the peripheral edges thereof, with each of the moments acting in a direction opposite to and toward the other of the moments for adding additional curvature to the element adjacent the peripheral edges thereof and improving ray concentration to the heat collector. 11. A structure as defined in claim 10, wherein the strips are each longitudinally extending and vary in cross-sectional area along the longitudinal extent thereof, the variation being selected for assuring that the strip will tend to form a parabolic curve when mounted on the support means. 