A solar energy reflecting system which can modify its reflector configuration in accordance with the movement of the sun across the sky. The system includes a circular dish-like housing with upper and lower circular hoops in spaced relationship within the housing which can be displaced relative to each other. A series of reflector panels are sequentially spaced around the peripheral wall of the dish like housing and controlled by the displacement of the upper and lower hoops to lie in an outwardly flared direction and pivot as the hoops are displaced relative to each other. A sensing device detects the position of the sun in the sky and accordingly displaces the hoops to thereby pivot the reflector panels appropriately to give the proper reflector configuration which will provide the best focusing of the sunlight and concentrate it onto a heating coil where the heat can be absorbed and transferred to a storage tank.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy reflector system comprising: a. a circular dish-like housing with outwardly flared peripheral walls; b. upper and lower circular hoops supported within said housing in spaced relationship to each other, the upper hoop being largerthan the lower hoop; c. means for mounting said hoops within said housing for movement relative to each other; d. sensing means for detecting the position of the sun in the sky; e. control means coupled to said upper and lower hoops responsive to said sensing means for displacing the hoops relative to each other; f. a plurality of refelctor panels sequentially spaced around said peripheral wall; and g. means for pivotally connecting said panels to said upper and lower hoops to lie in an outwardly flared direction, each of said panels pivoting with the displacement of said hoops, whereby the reflector configuration of the system is modified in accordance with the movement of the sun across the sky. 2. A solar energy system as in claim 1, wherein said control means comprises a motor, a gear system coupled to said motor, and control arms coupled between said upper and lower hoops in diametrically opposed position on said housing, said control arms operated by said gear system to cause radial sliding and planar converging of said hoops with respect to each other. 3. A solar energy system as in claim 2, and further comprising coupling means slidably interconnecting each of said reflector panels with said upper and lower hoops. 4. A solar energy system as in claim 2 and wherein the final gear of said gear system includes a sector gear respectively associated with each of said control arms, the output end of said sector gears pivotally attached to said housing, a sleeve fixed to the output end of each of said sector gears to respectively pivot therewith, said arms slidably retained within respective sleeves, whereby said arms can slide in said sleeves as well as pivot relative to said housing. 5. A solar energy system as in claim 4 and wherein each of said arms further comprise rolling means on the lower ends thereof for rolling on a surface of said housing, and extension means at the other end thereof, said upper hoop coupled to said extension means and said lower hoop coupled to the lower end of each control arm. 6. A solar energy system as in claim 1 and further comprising concave reflector means circularly positioned in said housing means and spaced beneath said reflector panels, for receiving sunlight reflected from said reflector panels. 7. A solar energy system as in claim 6 and further comprising a heating coil placed adjacent the bottom of said housing means, said concave reflector means concentrating the reflected sunlight onto the heating coils. 8. The solar energy system as in claim 1, wherein said sensing means detects the rising of the sun to a predetermined angular position to thereby provide a foward signal, and detects the setting of the sun below a predetermined angular position to thereby provide a reverse signal, and wherein said control means comprises drive means responsive to said forward signal to displace said hoops with respect to each other in a first direction and responsive to said reverse signal to displace said hoops with respect to each other in an opposite direction. 9. A solar energy system as in claim 8 and wherein said displacement in said opposite direction is substantially faster than said displacement in said first direction. 10. A solar energy reflector system as in claim 1 and further comprising pivot means for pivoting said dish-like housing about a diameter, to face the reflector panels toward the arcuate direction of the sun in the sky. 