A solar collector has a galvanized steel, inverted heat pan having a flat plate top and depending sides encasing the sides of typical insulation along the bottom of the plates. A continuous copper tube on the upper face of the plate is of generally serpentine configuration with ends of adjacent runs connected by return bends. The runs are slightly inclined horizontally so that any moisture collecting on the plate flows to the bottom of the normally inclined plate and is discharged. Also, cool water entering at the bottom of the tube moves upwardly through the inclined runs as it is heated, and through an outlet at the top of the tube. Lead strips are preferably provided between the copper tube and the galvanized plate to prevent deterioration by electrolysis between the tube and the plate. A transparent dome has sides which overlap the plate sides and are secured thereto in a manner permitting passage of air into and out of the dome and thus maintain substantially atmospheric pressure within the dome. The transparent sides and beveled side edges of the dome permit greater exposure of the heat plate to solar energy during early and late daylight hours.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A heat pan and tube type solar collector comprising, a heat plate of self-supporting, substantially rigid material having an upper face and peripheral edge portions substantially coplanar with said face, tube means extending along and fixed to said face in heat transfer relationship therewith for circulation through said tube means of a fluid to be heated; and a solar energy transmitting cover having a top spaced from and extending across said face and said tube means and having side means depending from said top to said peripheral edge portions of the plate for passage of solar energy through said top and side means of the cover to the heat plate and tube means, and means fixing said cover directly to said heat plate. 2. A solar collector as set forth in claim 1 in which the cover side means are substantially continuous and surround the peripheral edge portions of the heat plate. 3. A solar collector as set forth in claim 2 in which said cover is a substantially water tight, integral transparent dome. 4. A solar collector as set forth in claim 1 including resilient bumper means mounted on said tube means for preventing excessive deflection of said cover toward said plate. 5. A solar collector as set forth in claim 2 wherein said side means of said cover include side walls surrounding the heat plate and beveled portions extending at an obtuse angle to and between said top and side walls. 6. A solar collector as set forth in claim 1 in which said cover side means is fitted about said peripheral portions of the heat plate to permit passage of air therebetween and maintain substantially ambient pressure between the cover and the plate. 7. A solar collector as set forth in claim 1 wherein said means fixing said cover to said heat plate is releasable for convenient removal of the cover from the heat plate. 8. A solar collector as set forth in claim 2 in which said heat plate includes substantially continuous side walls transverse to said face and extending away from the face in a direction opposite said tube means, and said cover side means has substantially flat beveled edge means declining outwardly from said top, and the cover side means comprises a substantially continuous side wall fitted about the side walls of the heat plate for substantially preventing entry of precipitation between the plate and the cover while permitting passage of air to maintain substantially ambient pressure therein. 9. A solar collector as set forth in claim 1 in which said tube means includes an inlet proximate a bottom portion of the heat plate and an outlet proximate a top portion of the heat plate. 10. A solar collector as set forth in claim 1 wherein said heat plate is an inverted heat pan including a substantially continuous side wall, the heat pan being substantially rigid, and wherein there is further included insulation along a bottom face of the heat pan, and the pan side wall encircles a side edge portion of the insulation, and wherein said means fixing the cover to the heat plate include fasteners extending through the cover, the pan side wall and into the insulation to retain the plate, cover and insulation in assembly. 11. A solar collector as set forth in claim 10 including means for operatively supporting the unit, the last said means including members seated on a lower face of said insulation and fasteners securing the members to the plate. 12. A solar collector as set forth in claim 11 including resilient bumper means between said cover and said plate for preventing excessive deflection of said cover toward said plate, said bumper means being generally semi-cylindrical bumpers with inner semi-cylindrical faces mounted, one on each of spaced apart portions of said tube runs, and each with an outer semi-cylindrical face space from and in position to limit deflection of the cover top toward the heat pan sufficiently to avoid damage to the cover. 13. A solar collector unit comprising in combination, an inverted heat pan made of self-supporting, substantially rigid material having a face and side walls depending downwardly from the face generally at the periphery of the face, said heat pan including means forming conduits adjacent the face of the heat pan for conveying fluid to be heated, a solar energy transmitting cover having a top wall and a side wall depending from the top wall, and means fixing the side wall of the cover to the side walls of the heat pan with the top and side walls of the cover overlying and enclosing said face of the heat pan, and wherein said cover has angled portions extending between said top wall and the side wall and extending in planes at an obtuse angle relative to the plane of the top wall, said angled portions being located above the face of the heat pan at peripheral areas of the heat pan. 14. The heat collector defined in claim 13 further including insulation located on an underside portion of the heat pan opposite said face. 15. The solar collector defined in claim 14 further including a support member fixed to the underside of the heat pan with the insulation located between the support member and the heat pan, said support member being utilized for mounting the solar collector. 16. A solar collector as defined in claim 13 wherein the side wall of the cover extends at generally 90.degree. relative to the top wall of the cover and wherein said beveled portions extend at an angle of approximately 135.degree. to the side wall and top wall of the cover. 17. The solar collector defined in claim 13 wherein spaces between the side wall of the cover and the side wall of the heat pan are open to atmosphere for permitting ambient atmosphere to enter into the solar collector to equalize pressure. 18. The solar collector defined in claim 13 wherein said means forming conduits is tubing and wherein there is further included means anchoring the tubing to the face of the heat plate. 19. The solar collector as defined in claim 13 including means on the face of the heat pan and fixed relative to the face of the heat pan and underlying the top wall of the cover to be engageable with the cover for preventing excessive deflection of the cover towards said face of the heat pan. 20. A solar collector unit comprising in combination, an inverted heat pan made of self-supporting, substantially rigid material having a face and side walls depending downwardly from the face, said heat pan including means forming conduits adjacent the face of the heat pan for conveying fluid to be heated, a cover having a top wall and a side wall depending from the top wall, and means fixing the side wall of the cover to the side walls of the heat pan with the top and side walls of the cover overlying and enclosing said face of the heat pan, and wherein said conduit means include copper tubing and wherein there is further included lead strips located between the copper tubing and the face of the heat pan to prevent damage through electrolysis, the heat pan being made from galvanized steel. 21. The solar collector defined in claim 20 wherein said copper tubing extends in a serpentine fashion with the runs of the tubing extending at an angle to each other so as to permit any moisture collecting from the face of the heat plate to flow downwardly along the inclined runs of the copper tubing towards one end of the solar collector. 