A solar energy device for collecting solar radiation, converting the radiation to thermal energy and storing the thermal energy, and a process for manufacturing of same.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar radiation collection and thermal energy storage device comprising a housing reservoir; a phase change matrix disposed in said housing reservoir, said phase change matrix comprising a polymeric material and a particulate phase change material, said phase change material being immiscible in said polymeric material, and being discretely dispersed in said polymeric material, said polymeric material being selected from a group consisting of polymeric polysulfide, polymeric silicone rubber, and polymeric butyl rubber, said phase change material is selected from a group consisting of polyethylene glycol, said polyethylene glycol having a molecular weight of from about 4500 to about 20,000, pentacasone, trituacontane, camphene, myristic acid, methyl oxalate, stearic acid, and tristearin, and said matrix includes a curing agent comprising from about 1 wt% to about 10 wt% of said matrix, and a heat exchange means being disposed in said matrix for moving a heat absorbing medium therethrough, said heat exchange means being in communication with the outside of said reservoir. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the ratio of polymeric material to particulate phase change material is from about 0.4:1 to about 3:1. 3. The device of claim 2, wherein said ratio of polymeric material to particulate phase change material is from about 0.7:1 to about 2:1. 4. The device of claim 3, wherein said polymeric material is polymeric polysulfide; said particulate phase change material is polyethylene glycol, and the ratio of polymeric polysulfide to polyethylene glycol is from about 1:1 to about 1.5:1. 5. The device of claim 4, wherein the polyethylene glycol has a molecular weight of about 6000. 6. The device of claim 5, wherein said device is fitted with at least one transparent cover plate being spacedly situated to form an air space between said cover plate and said phase change matrix. 7. The device of claim 6, wherein the exposed surface of the phase change matrix is coated with a paint having an absorptivity greater than about 0.90. 8. The device of claim 1, wherein the phase change matrix is mixed with carbon black. 9. The device of claim 8, wherein the phase change matrix comprises from about 25 wt% to about 65 wt% of polymeric material, from about 3 wt% to about 10 wt% of carbon black, and from about 20 wt % to about 60 wt% of phase change material. 10. The device of claim 9, wherein the phase change matrix comprises from about 35 wt% to about 50 wt% of polymeric material, from about 5 wt% to about 8 wt% of carbon black, and about 40 wt % to about 50 wt% of phase change material. 11. The device of claim 10, wherein the phase change matrix comprises about 45 wt% of polymeric polysulfide, about 6 wt% of carbon black and about 45 wt% of polyethylene glycol, said polyethylene glycol having a molecular weight of from about 4500 to about 20,000. 12. The device of claim 11, wherein the polyethylene glycol has a molecular weight of about 6000. 13. The device of claim 12, wherein said device is fitted with at least one transparent cover plate being spacedly situated to form an air space between said cover plate and said phase change matrix. 14. The device of claim 13, wherein said device additionally includes a pumping means for moving said heat absorbing medium through said heat exchange means to absorb thermal energy stored within said device and to dispose said energy at a point beyond said device. 15. A process for the manufacture of a matrix to be utilized in solar radiation collection and thermal energy storage comprising: (a) pulverizing a phase change material into a finely particulate state, said phase change material is selected from a group consisting of polyethylene glycol, said polyethylene glycol having a molecular weight of from about 4500 to about 20,000, pentacasone, trituacotane, camphene, myristic acid, methyl oxalate, stearic acid, and tristerin; (b) mixing said particulate phase change material with a polymeric material to form a phase change matrix, said polymeric material is a curable liquid and selected from a group consisting of polymeric polysulfide, polymeric silicone rubber, and polymeric butyl rubber; and (c) simultaneously maintaining the temperature of mixing below the melting point of the phase change material, wherein the particulate phase change material is discretely dispersed in said polymeric material and thereby prevented from liquifying and coagulating. 16. The process of claim 15 wherein the process additionally includes: (a) depositing said matrix within a housing reservoir; (b) positioning a heat exchange means in said matrix, said heat exchange means being in communication with the outside of said reservoir; and (c) mounting said reservoir on a house to expose said reservoir to solar radiation in order to collect solar radiation, to convert said radiation to thermal energy and to store said energy in said matrix. 17. The process of claim 16 wherein the process additionally includes: (a) situating a heat distribution means within said house; and (b) circulating a heat absorbing medium through said heat exchange means in said matrix to absorb said stored thermal energy in order to transfer said energy to said heat distribution means thereby heating said house. 18. The process of claim 17 wherein the polymeric material is a curable liquid polymeric material and the process additionally comprises blending a curing agent into said matrix following the mixing step, said curing agent comprising from about 1 wt% to about 10 wt% of said matrix. 19. The process of claim 18 wherein said phase change material has a melting point of from about 50.degree. C. to about 80.degree. C. and a latent heat of fusion greater than about 50 cal/gram. 20. The process of claim 15, wherein the ratio of polymeric material to particulate phase change material is from about 0.4:1 to about 3:1. 21. The process of claim 20, wherein said ratio of polymeric material to particulate phase change material is from about 0.7:1 to about 2:1. 22. The process of claim 21, wherein said polymeric material is polymeric polysulfide, said particulate phase change material is polyethylene glycol, and the ratio of polymeric polysulfide to polyethylene glycol is from about 1:1 to about 1.5:1. 23. The process of claim 22, wherein the polyethylene glycol has a molecular weight of about 6000. 24. The process of claim 15, wherein the process additionally includes mixing a minority of carbon black into the phase change matrix. 25. The process of claim 24, wherein the phase change matrix comprises from about 25 wt% to about 65 wt% of polymeric material, from about 3 wt % to about 10 wt% of carbon black, and from about 20 wt% to about 60 wt% of phase change material. 26. The process of claim 25, wherein the phase change matrix comprises from about 35 wt% to about 50 wt% of polymeric material, from about 5 wt% to about 8 wt% of carbon black, and from about 40 wt% to about 50 wt% of phase change material. 27. The process of claim 26, wherein the phase matrix comprises about 45 wt% of polymeric polysulfide, about 6 wt% of carbon black and about 45 wt% of polyethylene glycol, said polyethylene glycol having a molecular weight of from about 4500 to about 20,000. 28. The process of claim 27, wherein said polyethylene glycol has a molecular weight of about 6000. 29. The process of claim 16 additionally comprising positioning a cover plate over said matrix in said housing reservoir following step (b). 30. The process of claim 29 wherein said positioning is performed such that there is a space between said matrix and said cover plate. 