A parabolic reflector is supported so that it can track the sun. The support for this reflector comprises an azimuth frame supported on two wheels and a central pivotal point which are positioned in a substantially triangular configuration. The two wheels rotate on tracks. On top of the azimuth frame, there is provided an elevation frame. The elevation frame includes curved rails which define a portion of an arc and extend vertically. The reflector rides on wheels captured within the curved rails. The wheels of the azimuth frame are driven by an azimuth actuator. The reflector structure is counterbalanced about its elevation axis by a pendulum cable system which is driven by a motor to change elevation. At the focal point of the parabolic reflector, a heat engine or receiver is mounted independently on the reflector. Suitable means are provided for moving the reflector about its two axes in order to track the sun.
Claims It is claimed: 1. A sun tracking solar energy collector comprising: azimuth framework means, means supporting said azimuth framework means for horizontal rotation about a vertical axis, a pair of arcuate rails, means supporting said arcuate rails at one end extending vertically from said azimuth framework means, a parabolic reflector, wheel means supporting said parabolic reflector on said arcuate pair of rails, counter balance means for counter balancing the weight of said parabolic reflector, first motor means coupled to said counter balance means for causing said parabolic reflector to assume different desired elevations, and second motor means coupled to said means supporting said azimuth framework means for causing said azimuth framework means and therewith said parabolic reflector to assume predetermined azimuthal positions. 2. The apparatus as described in claim 1 wherein said parabolic reflector has focal point and there is included: energy converting means fixed in location, and wherein said rails are curved about a circle whose axis is horizontal and passes through said energy converting means, so that said reflector is shifted as it turns so that its focal point can remain on said energy converting means. 3. Apparatus as recited in claim 2 wherein there is included: gimbal means for supporting said energy converting means, and means for pivoting said energy converting means to always face said parabolic reflector. 4. A sun tracking energy collector comprising: a solar energy receiving means; a concave mirror for concentrating sunlight onto said receiving means; a curved track; an azimuth frame supporting said curved track; means for supporting said azimuth frame in rotation about a substantially vertical axis; said azimuth frame supporting said curved track so it is curved in a substantially vertical plane; and means for moveably supporting said mirror on said track to move therealong and maintain said mirror at a constant orientation with respect to the portion of track on which the mirror rests, so that the axis of the mirror rotates as it moves along the track which is curved in a vertical plane. 5. The apparatus described in claim 4 wherein: said receiving means is fixed in location with respect to the ground; said means for supporting said azimuth frame is positioned so that said vertical axis passes through said receiving means; and said track is curved about a horizontal axis which extends through said receiving means, and said means for moveably supporting said mirror on said track includes a plurality of elements mounted at fixed locations with respect to said mirror and moveable along said track. 6. A sun tracking energy collector, comprising: a solar energy receiving means; means for mounting said receiving means at a fixed location with respect to the ground; a concave mirror for concentrating sunlight on said receiving means; and means for rotatably supporting said mirror in rotation about a vertical axis passing through said receiving means and in rotation about a horizontal axis passing through said receiving means. 7. The apparatus described in claim 6 wherein: said means for rotatably supporting said mirror includes a track extending along a circle which has a horizontal axis passing substantially through said receiving means, and means for supporting said track in rotation about a vertical axis passing substantially through said receiving means. 8. The apparatus described in claim 6 wherein: said receiving means is rotatably mounted so it can follow said mirror, and including cable means connecting said mirror and said receiving means, to turn said receiving means without forcing it to shift location. 