A solar energy collector for use primarily in a closed-loop system has a fluid conduit of serpentine configuration which comprises a plurality of relatively thin extruded aluminum tubes, each tube having a flat top and bottom wall and lateral flat lips or flanges extending longitudinally along opposite sides thereof and coplanar with the bottom wall forming therewith a flat base for the tubes, the flanges providing means for joining the tubes by welding in an array in side by side abutment relation. Sections are formed from the flat tubing as connecting headers which are welded at both ends to pairs of adjacent tubes in staggered relation to form the continuous serpentine path for the heat transferring fluid. The flat, tubular array has a black anodized surface and is enclosed in a weather-proof glass covered, polyurethane insulated frame, which is assembled from a flanged tubular extrusion providing the frame with a stepped interior facing structure mounting the glass cover, tubular array and insulation in a rugged, compact and efficient unit.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a solar energy collector, a flat coil tubular array for circulating a heat transfer fluid through a single continuous serpentine conduit comprising a plurality of rigid straight tube sections extending substantially the length of the array and arranged in side-by-side parallel relation defining the width of the array, each tube section having a central conduit and longitudinal flanges along opposite sides of the conduit, substantially flat top and bottom walls defining the cross-sectional shape of the conduit as a flattened ellipse having the width substantially greater than the thickness, said longitudinal flanges of adjacent tube sections being positioned in abutment and welded together into a rigid structure with the tube sections disposed in coplanar relation, a plurality of headers interconnecting the ends of pairs of adjacent tube sections in staggered relation and having conduit sections communicating with the conduits of said pairs of adjacent tube sections for 180.degree. flow reversal of said fluid to form said continuous serpentine conduit, each header having a pair of conduit end edges cut to abut conduit end edges of said pair of interconnected adjacent tube sections and being joined together by a welded waterproof seam extending completely around each conduit, and end portions of said longitudinal flanges being cut away for accessibility for welding and visibility for inspecting each of said welded seams. 2. The solar energy collector defined in claim 1, in which the interior dimensions of said elliptical cross-section of the central conduit of each tube section has a ratio of width to thickness on the order of 10 to 1. 3. The solar energy collector defined in claim 1, in which the ratio of the total width of each of the straight tube sections to the total width of both longitudinal flanges thereof is on the order of 6 to 1. 4. The solar energy collector defined in claim 1, in which each header has an exterior flange coplanar with said longitudinal flanges of the tube sections and extending in alignment with other similar flanges as segments of a border flange extending along the opposite transverse sides of the array and coacting with the outermost flanges of the tube sections located along the opposite longitudinal sides of the array as a mounting means for the array. 5. The solar energy collector defined in claim 1, in which each of said straight tube sections is cut from an aluminum extrusion, and said headers are cut and shaped from sections of said extrusion. 6. The solar energy collector defined in claim 5, in which each of said conduit end edges of each pair of tube sections is cut transversely at right angles to the length of the extrusion. 7. The solar energy collector defined in claim 6, in which said pair of abutting conduit end edges of each header is cut along the length of the extrusion. 8. A solar energy collector comprising a frame formed of four lengths of an aluminum extrusion welded into a rectangular configuration, each of said lengths having a tubular body of rectangular cross-section and two longitudinal flanges constructed and arranged to form a three step interior facing structure, a first of said flanges being L-shaped in cross-section and having one section thereof coplanar with an outer longitudinal sidewall of said tubular body forming therewith an exterior sidewall for said frame, the other section of said L-shaped flange extending inwardly from said exterior sidewall as an upper and outermost step of said three step structure, an upper longitudinal sidewall of said tubular body being spaced from and parallel to said upper and outermost step and forming the intermediate step, the second of said flanges, forming the lower and innermost step, projecting from and extending at right angles to an inner longitudinal sidewall of said tubular body and spaced from and parallel to said intermediate step, a glass cover mounted on said upper and outermost step, a flat coil tubular array for circulating a heat transfer fluid through a single continuous serpentine path thereof, said array having longitudinal and transverse border flanges overlying said intermediate step and secured thereto mounting the array in spaced relation to said glass cover and forming a heat trapping chamber therebetween bounded along four sides by uppor portions of said exterior sidewalls, heat insulation material supported on said lower and innermost step and sized to contact said tubular array, and elongated blocks of insulation material lining said upper portions of the exterior sidewalls between said upper and outermost and intermediate steps. 9. The solar energy collector defined in claim 8, in which a strip of thermal insulation extends between each of said border flanges of the array and said intermediate step. 