The practical large scale use of solar energy depends primarily upon the first cost of solar collectors per unit area being greatly reduced below known designs without loss of efficiency. The subject invention introduces a method of making flat plate solar collectors for heating liquid in which the use of metal and glass is almost totally eliminated, weight is greatly reduced, and assembly of the components is done at the site from rolls of flexible materials in lengths to fit the available space. While materials of much lower thermal conductivity than metal are used, the increased surface area and close spacing of liquid tubes provided by employing this invention more than make up for the lower conductivity. Standard insulation board covered with roofing cement and other adhesives serves as the base and frame to hold small synthetic rubber tubes, headers, and flexible cover material made of transparent fiberglass reinforced plastic. Field assembly assures participation of local personnel who are then prepared to sell, service and maintain the system. The cover material may be used in place of roofing across rafters and then insulation board covered with the rubber tubes and adhesive pushed up between the rafters from inside the roof space.
Claims I claim: 1. The method of transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a recirculating liquid system comprising the steps of: a. laying lightweight insulating material on a surface receiving heat from the sun, b. covering the exposed surface of said insulating material with a coating of mastic adhesive, c. laying in the mastic coating a mat consisting of multiple lengths of closely-spaced, parallel black flexible synthetic tubing members running lengthwise in a grid pattern by securing means so that the mat length is many times greater than its width, d. connecting adjacent pairs of first ends of said tubing members to each other at one end of said mat by means of U-shaped conduit pieces, e. providing supply and return headers extending across the other end of said mat and connecting said supply and return headers alternately to the second ends of said tubing members with the direction of flow of the circulating liquid being opposite in neighboring tubing members in the mat, f. forming a raised perimeter of insulating material enclosing said mat on all four sides, g. attaching a cover sheet of translucent solar energy transmitting material to said raised perimeter for creating an enclosed air space above said mat, h. covering the exposed surfaces of the perimeter insulating material with watertight adhesive, i. providing pipes leading to and from a recirculating pumped heat utilizing system and j. connecting the supply and return headers to the supply and return pipes. 2. The method of transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a recirculating liquid system as claimed in claim 1 in which anti-freeze material is mixed with the recirculating liquid to prevent freezing in cold weather. 3. The method of transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a recirculating liquid system as claimed in claim 1 in which the inside diameter of said tubing members is between one-eighth and three eighths of an inch. 4. The method of transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a recirculating liquid system as claimed in claim 1 including the step of locating a tube containing a desiccant material with one end of said tube communicating with the outside and the other end communicating with the air space between said mat and said cover sheet. 5. The method of transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a recirculating liquid system as claimed in claim 1 in which the cover sheet is made of flexible reinforced plastic. 6. A system for transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a recirculating liquid comprising: a. a layer of lightweight insulating material placed on a surface receiving heat from the sun, b. a coating of mastic adhesive covering the exposed surface of said insulating material, c. a mat placed in the mastic coating consisting of multiple lengths of closely spaced black flexible synthetic tubing members running lengythwise held in a grid pattern by securing means so that the mat length is many times greater than its width, d. adjacent pairs of said tubing members being connected to each other at one end of said mat by means of U-shaped conduit pieces, e. supply and return headers extending across the other end of said mat being connected to the ends of said tubing members alternately with the direction of flow of the circulating liquid being opposite in neighoring tubing members in the mat, f. a raised perimeter formed of insulating material enclosing said mat on all four sides, g. a cover sheet of translucent solar transmitting material attached to said raised perimeter so as to create an enclosed air space above said mat, h. the exposed surfaces of all insulating material being covered with watertight material, i. pipes being provided leading to and from a recirculating pumped heat utilizing system, and j. supply and return headers being connected to said pipes. 7. A system for transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a recirculating liquid as claimed in claim 6 in which anti-freeze material is mixed with the recirculating liquid to prevent freezing in cold weather. 8. A system for transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a recirculating liquid as claimed in claim 6 in which the inside diameter of said tubing member is between one-eighth and three-eighths of an inch. 9. A system for transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a recirculating liquid as claimed in claim 6 in which a tube containing a desiccant material is located with one end of said tube communicating with the outside and the other end communicating with the air space between said mat and said cover sheet. 10. A system for transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a recirculating liquid as claimed in claim 6 in which the cover sheet is made of flexible reinforced plastic. 11. The method of transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a recirculating liquid system comprising the steps of: a. laying lightweight insulating material on a surface receiving heat from the sun, b. placing on said insulating material a mat consisting of multiple lengths of closely-spaced, parallel black flexible synthetic tubing members running lengthwise held in a grid pattern by securing means so that the mat length is greater than its width, c. connecting adjacent pairs of first ends of said tubing members to each other at one end of said mat by means of U-spaced conduit pieces, d. providing supplying and return headers extending across the other end of said mat and connecting said supply and return headers alternately to the second ends of said tubing members with the direction of flow of the circulating liquid being opposite in neighboring tubing members in the mat, e. forming a raised perimeter of insulating material enclosing said mat on all four sides, f. covering the exposed surface of said insulating material with a coating of mastic adhesive and bonding it to said mat, g. covering the mat and perimeter insulation with a sheet of translucent solar energy transmitting material for creating an enclosed air space above said mat, h. covering the outer edges of said perimeter insulating material and translucent sheet with water protecting means, i. providing pipes leading to and from a recirculating pumped heat utilizing system and j. connecting the supply and return headers to the supply and return pipes. 12. The method of transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a recirculating liquid system as claimed in claim 11 in which the lightweight insulating material has an upper surface of aluminum foil. 13. The method of transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a recirculating liquid system as claimed in claim 11 in which the translucent sheet is connected to a waterproof extruded strip surrounding the outer edges of said perimeter insulating material. 14. A system for transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a recirculating liquid comprising: a. a layer of lightweight insulating material placed on a surface receiving heat from the sun, b. a mat placed on said layer consisting of multiple lengths of closely spaced black flexible synthetic tubing members running lengthwise held in a grid pattern by securing means so that the mat length is greater than its width, c. adjacent pairs of said tubing members being connected to each other at one end of said mat by means of U-shaped conduit pieces, d. supply and return headers extending across the other end of said mat being connected to the ends of said tubing members alternately with the direction of flow of the circulating liquid being opposite in neighboring tubing members in the mat, e. a raised perimeter formed of insulating material enclosing said mat on all four sides, f. a coating of mastic adhesive covering the exposed surface of said insulating material and bonding it to said mat, g. a sheet of translucent solar energy transmitting material covering the mat and perimeter insulation so as to create an enclosed air space above said mat, h. outer edges of said perimeter insulating material and translucent sheet being covered with water protecting means, i. pipes being provided leading to and from a recirculating pumped heat utilizing system, and j. supply and return headers being connected to said pipes. 15. A system for transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a recirculating liquid as claimed in claim 14 in which the lightweight insulating material has an upper surface of aluminum foil. 16. A system for transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a recirculating liquid as claimed in claim 14 in which the translucent sheet is connected to a waterproof extruded strip surrounding the outer edges of said perimeter insulating material. 17. A system for transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a recirculating liquid as claimed in claim 14 in which the supply and return headers at one end of said mat have inside them a resilient synthetic member to prevent damage by absorbing the expansion of water to ice when freezing. 18. The method of transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a recirculating liquid system comprising the steps of: a. Attaching a series of long sheets of translucent solar energy transmitting material across the spaced apart structural members of a roof in overlapping manner to form a watertight roof enclosure, b. forming lightweight insulating material to fit the space between said structural members, c. placing on said insulating material a mat consisting of multiple lengths of closely-spaced, parallel black flexible synthetic tubing members running lengthwise held in a grid pattern by securing means so that the mat length is greater than its width, d. connecting adjacent pairs of first ends of said tubing members to each other at one end of said mat by means of U-shaped conduit pieces, e. providing supply and return headers extending across the other end of said mat and connecting said supply and return headers alternately to the second ends of said tubing members with the direction of flow of the circulating liquid being opposite in neighboring tubing members in the mat, f. covering the exposed surface of said insulating material with a coating of mastic adhesive and bonding it to said mat, g. placing said insulating material, tubing mat, and mastic adhesive between said structural members so as to form an insulated air space between mat and translucent sheets, h. providing pipes leading to and from a recirculating pumped heat utilizing system and i. connecting the supply and return headers to the supply and return pipes. 19. The method of transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a recirculating liquid system comprising the steps of: a. Attaching a series of long sheets of translucent solar energy transmitting material across the spaced apart structural members of a sidewall of a structure in overlapping manner to form a watertight enclosure, b. forming lightweight insulating material to fit the space between said structural members, c. placing on said insulating material a mat consisting of multiple lengths of closely-spaced, parallel black flexible synthetic tubing members running lengthwise held in a grid pattern by securing means so that the mat length is greater than its width, d. connecting adjacent pairs of first ends of said tubing members to each other at one end of said mat by means of U-shaped conduit pieces, e. providing supply and return headers extending across the other end of said mat and connecting said supply and return headers alternately to the second ends of said tubing members with the direction of flow of the circulating liquid being opposite in neighboring tubing members in the mat, f. covering the exposed surface of said insulating material with a coating of mastic adhesive and bonding it to said mat, g. placing said insulating material, tubing mat, and mastic adhesive between said structural members so as to form an insulated air space between mat and transluecent sheets, h. providing pipes leading to and from a recirculating pumped heat utilizing system and i. connecting the supply and return headers to the supply and return pipes. 20. The method of transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a recirculating liquid system comprising the steps of: a. placing on lightweight insulating board capable of withstanding 300.degree. F and laminated with aluminum foil a mat of flexible tubes made of a material capable of withstanding 300.degree. F and containing carbon black, b. applying a black mastic adhesive to the surface of the aluminum foil and the flexible tubes of said mat, c. connecting supply and return headers to said flexible tubes, d. covering the air space over said mat of flexible tubes with a transluecent sheet of plastic material capable of withstanding 200.degree. F. e. enclosing the perimeter of said insulating board and translucent sheet with insulation material protected by waterproofing means, f. providing pipes leading to and from a recirculating pumped heat utilizing system, and g. connecting the supply and return headers to the supply and return pipes. 21. The method of transferring heat from the radian energy of the sun to a recirculating liquid system according to claim 20, wherein the inside diameter of the tubing is between 1/8 inch and 1/2 inch. 22. A heat absorbing mat for tansferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a circulating liquid comprising: a. a flexible mat structure adapted to be placed upon a supporting surface positioned in a direction facing toward the sun, b. said mat including multiple lengths of closely spaced black flexible synthetic tubing members running lengthwise held in a grid pattern, c. securing means for holding said tubing members extending generally parallel one to another lengthwise of the mat structure so that the mat length is greater than its width, d. adjacent pairs of said tubing members being connected to each other at one end of said mat through U-shaped bends, e. supply and return headers extending across the other end of said mat and being connected to the ends of said tubing members alternately with the direction of flow of the circulating liquid being opposite in neighboring tubing members in the mat, f. said tubing members having an inside diameter of between 1/8 inch and 3/8 inch, g. said tubing members having a maximum separation of 2 inches, h. said synthetic tubing members being made of flexible synthetic material containing carbon black capable of being rolled up for shipment and being capable of withstanding temperatures over 300.degree. F caused by exposure to hot sunshine in the absence of liquid flow, i. said headers having connections adapted for connection to supply and return pipes for providing circulating liquid flow to a heat utilization system. 23. A heat-absorbing mat as claimed in claim 22, in which: said synthetic tubing members are made of flexible synthetic material containing carbon black and selected from the group consisting of ethylene-propylene-terpolymer, EPT synthetic rubber, ethylene-propylene-diene-terpolymer, EPDM, and cross-linked polyethylene. 24. A heat-absorbing mat for transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a circulating liquid comprising: a. a flexible mat structure adapted to be placed upon a supporting surface positioned in a direction facing toward the sun, b. said mat including multiple lengths of closely spaced black flexible synthetic tubing members running lengthwise held in a grid pattern, c. securing means for holding said tubing members extending generally parallel one to another lengthwise of said mat structure so that the mat length is greater than its width, d. supply and return headers extending across said mat and being connected to the ends of said tubing members for providing flow of the circulating liquid through the tubing members in the mat, e. said tubing members having an inside diameter of between 1/8 inch and 3/8 inch, f. said tubing members having a maximum separation of 2 inches, g. said synthetic tubing members being made of flexible synthetic material containing carbon black and being capable of withstanding temperatures over 300.degree. F when exposed to hot sunshine in the absence of liquid flow, h. said flexible synthetic material having elasticity to avoid damage if the liquid in said tubing members is a llowed to freeze on winter nights, and i. said headers having connections adapted for connection to supply and return pipes for providing circulating liquid flow to a heat utilization system. 25. A solar collector for transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a circulating liquid comprising: a. a layer of lightweight insulating material forming the insulation base of said collector, b. a raised border formed of insulating material extending around the perimeter of said base for surrounding said collector, c. a cover sheet of solar energy transmitting material extending across the collector between said raised border so as to create an enclosed air space within said border and above said insulation base, d. a plastic extrusion base mounting strip extending around the perimeter of said insulation base, e. an upper mounting strip extending around said sheet and positioned above said base mounting strip adapted for snap fit engagement with said base mounting strip for removably holding said cover sheet onto said solar collector for providing easy access into said enclosed air space, f. a multiplicity of closely spaced black flexible tubes running lengthwise of said enclosed air space in a grid pattern, g. securing means for holding said flexible tubes extending in a grid pattern on said insulating base with the average center-to-center spacing of the tubes across the grid pattern in the range from one-half of an inch to one and one-half inches, h. supply and return headers extending across said enclosed air space and being connected to the ends of said tubes for providing flow of the circulating liquid through the tube, i. said headers having connections adapted for connection to supply and return the supply and return pipes for circulating liquid flow to a heat utiliation system, and j. said tubes being formed of flexible synthetic material capable of withstanding temperatures over 300.degree. F caused by exposure to hot sunshine in the absence of liquid flow. 26. A solar collector as claimed in claim 25, in which: a. said plastic extrusion base mounting strip has an inverted T-shaped configuration as seen in cross section with opposed flanges extending along opposite sides at the bottom of a vertical web, b. said vertical web is positioned adjacent to the insulation base and its raised border, c. one of said opposed flanges extends beneath said insulation base and the other of said opposed flanges projects outwardly for use as an attachment member in mounting the collector upon a supporting surface. 27. A solar collector as claimed in claim 26, in which: a. a pair of stiffly resilient parallel lips extend along the top of said vertical web defining a groove between them, and b. said upper mounting strip has a flange extending over the cover with a depending lip having an enlarged bead running along its lower edge engageable into said groove in a removable snap fit relationship. 28. A solar collected as claimed in claim 25, in which: a. said cover sheet is formed of flexible plastic material and said upper mounting strip is made of a stiffly flexible plastic extrusion, b. said upper mounting strip being flexibly bonded to said cover sheet, and c. said cover sheet together with said upper mounting strip being capable of being rolled up into a roll approximately 4 to 5 feet in diameter. 29. A solar collector for transferring heat from the radiant energy of the sun to a circulating liquid comprising: a. a layer of lightweight insulating material forming the insulation base of said collector, b. a raised insulating border extending around the perimeter of said base for surrounding said collector, c. a cover sheet of solar energy transmitting material extending across the collector from border to border so as to create an enclosed air space within said border and above said insulation base, d. detachable mounting means for detachably mounting said cover to said border for removably covering said enclosing air space for providing access into said enclosed air space, e. an air dryer having a passage therethrough providing communication between said enclosed air space and the outside of said collector, said passage having a length many times longer than its cross-sectional area, desicant material in said dryer exposed to said passage for removing moisture from air being drawn through said passage into said enclosed air space when the air in said enclosed space contracts upon cooling and for becoming rejuvenated by air being expelled through said passage when the air in said enclosed space expands upon heating, f. a multiplicity of closely spaced black flexible tubes running lengthwise of said enclosed air space in a grid pattern, g. securing means for holding said flexible tubes extending in a grid pattern on said insulating base, h. supply and return headers extending across said enclosed air space and being connected to the ends of said tubes for providing flow of the circulating liquid through the tubes, i. said headers having connections adapted for connection to supply and return pipes for circulating liquid flow to a heat utilization system, and j. said tubes being formed of flexible synthetic material capable of withstanding temperatures over 300.degree. F caused by exposure to hot sunshine in the absence of liquid flow. 