A unitary solar collector for transfer of thermal energy which is a synthetic thermoplastic unit. The unit has a solar-energy transmitting region and a solar-energy absorbing region. The unit is useful for heating purposes.
Claims I claim: 1. A unitary solar thermal collector panel highly effective in absorbing and transferring thermal energy and having resistance to thermal distortion, the panel being constituted of a coextruded, self-supporting synthetic thermoplastic integral unit and being adapted to collect and transfer solar energy which comprises (a) a first section defining a first region, the first region being adapted to allow the passage of solar radiation, the first region being divided into a plurality of first channels of which adjacent first channels are defined by first common ribs; and (b) a second section defining a second region juxtaposed from the first region, the second region being capable of absorbing solar radiation and transferring it to a fluid, the second region being divided into a plurality of second channels of which adjacent second channels are defined by second common ribs; and the first and second regions being defined one from the other by a common divider. 2. The panel of claim 1 wherein the first and second regions respectively, are essentially completely occupied by the said first and second channels. 3. The panel of claim 2 wherein the channels in the second region are separated by ribs which are opaque and capable of absorbing solar radiant energy. 4. The panel of claim 2 wherein the second channels in the second region have cross-sections which are closed curves. 5. The panel of claim 2 wherein in the first region the channels are closed channels. 6. The panel of claim 1 which comprises also at least one of the following additional regions: (c) a third region which is adapted to allow for the passage of solar radiation and defining a space adapted to allow for the confinement of a fluid, or (d) a fourth region which is adapted to absorb the solar radiation and for transferring thermal energy to a fluid and defining an area adapted to allow for the directed movement of the heated fluid within the third region (b), said third or fourth region (c) or (d) being positioned between the first and second regions (a) and (b) and being defined from regions (a) and (b) by a common divider. 7. The panel of claim 6 which comprises one additional region. 8. The panel of claim 6 wherein third region (c) is divided into a plurality of third channels of which adjacent third channels are defined by third common ribs. 9. The panel of claim 6 wherein the additional region is divided into a plurality of channels, which adjacent third and fourth channels are defined by third and fourth common ribs, respectively. 10. The panel of claim 6 wherein the ribs in the fourth region (d) are opaque to solar energy. 11. The panel of claim 6 which comprises both a third region (c) and also a fourth region (d). 12. The panel of claim 6 wherein the wall between the first region (a) and the adjoining additional region (b) or (c) is transparent. 13. The panel of claim 1 wherein the divider is opaque to solar radiant energy. 14. The panel of claim 1 wherein the divider is capable of transmitting solar radiant energy. 15. The panel of claim 1 in which the solar radiation-passing region (a) is of one or more clear thermoplastic material and the solar- radiation-absorbing region (b) is of one or more pigmented thermoplastic material. 16. The panel of claim 1 wherein the plastic of the solar-energy-absorbing region has a higher softening temperature than the plastic of the solar-energy-transmitting region. 17. The panel of claim 1 which comprises a fluid confined in the first channels of the first region, which fluid is an insulating fluid. 18. The panel of claim 17 in which the insulating fluid is air. 19. The combination of the panel of claim 1 and a header which defines an interior space, one end of the first channels in the first region of the panel being in fluid-blocked relationship with respect to the header space and the same end of the second channels in the second region of the panel being in fluid-communicating relationship with the header space, the header being adapted to admit and circulate the fluid to be heated, and wherein the header comprises blocking means to block the said one end of the first channels to prevent fluid flow through the said one end into the space. 20. The combination of claim 19 wherein the header comprises connection means which has a first part which cooperates with the blocking means to connect the header to the section defining the first region and a second part which connects the header to the section defining the second region of the panel. 21. The combination of claim 19 wherein the header is adapted to slip over the ends of the panel and be bonded thereto into a leak-proof connection. 22. The combination of claim 19 wherein the header is a one piece, extruded thermoplastic. 23. The combination of claim 22 wherein the plastic of the header is polycarbonate polymer. 24. The panel of claim 1 wherein the first and second section define an interface of a region allowing passage and a region absorbing solar radiation, which interface is free of physical interface and of physical discontinuity. 25. The unitary solar collector panel of claim 24 having a light-transmitting region and a light-absorbing region, and light transmitting and light-absorbing regions constituting a continuum of adjoining first and second channels. 26. The solar collector panel of claim 1 which is a flat plate. 27. The panel of claim 1 which comprises a coextruded foam layer adjacent to the second region (b). 28. The panel of claim 27 wherein the foam layer is of the same thermoplastic as the first and second regions. 29. The panel of claim 1 wherein the first region is a clear polycarbonate polymer and the second region is a pigmented polycarbonate polymer. 30. The panel of claim 1 wherein the first region is a clear polycarbonate polymer and the second region is a pigmented acrylic polymer. 31. The panel of claim 1 which comprises a heat-transfer fluid in the second region. 32. The panel of claim 31 wherein the fluid is air. 33. The panel of claim 31 wherein the fluid is water. 34. The panel of claim 31 wherein the fluid is a glycol-water mixture. 35. The panel of claim 1 wherein the first and second regions are of different synthetic plastics. 36. The panel of claim 35 which is rigid. 37. A solar thermal collector system of high efficiency in collection, transfer and circulation of solar thermal energy and high resistance to heat distortion, which system comprises, in combination: (1) a panel and (2) a header, (1) the panel being unitary and constituted of a coextruded, self-supporting synthetic thermoplastic integral unit and being adapted to collect and transfer solar energy, which panel comprises (a) a first section defining a first region, the first region being adapted to allow the passage of solar radiation, the first region being divided into a plurality of first channels of which adjacent first channels are defined by first common ribs; and (b) a second section defining a second region juxtaposed from the first region, the second region being capable of absorbing solar radiation and transferring it to a fluid, the second region being divided into a plurality of second channels of which adjacent second channels are defined by second common ribs; and the first and second regions being defined one from the other by a common divider; (2) the header defining an interior space, and (3) blocking means for causing one end of the first channels of the first region of the panel to be in fluid-blocked relationship with respect to the interior space of the header and adapted to confine the fluid in the first channels of the first region, the same end of the second channels of the second region of the panel being in fluid-communicating relationship with the interior space of the header, whereby the header is adapted to admit and circulate the heated fluid from the second channels of the second region into the interior space of the header. 38. The system of claim 37 wherein the header is of an extruded thermoplastic. 39. The system of claim 38 wherein the header is of the same extruded thermoplastic as the panel. 40. The system of claim 39 wherein the header is a polycarbonate polymer. 41. The system of claim 37 wherein the header is adapted to be fitted over the ends of the channels of the outer and inner regions. 42. The system of claim 37 wherein the header integrally comprises connector means adapted to fit onto the ends of the first channels. 43. The system of claim 37 wherein the system comprises air in the first channels of the first region and in the second channels of the second region. 44. The system of claim 37 wherein the panel is flat. 45. A combination of the solar thermal collector system of claim 37 and a structure to be heated by the system, the system being adapted to be in heat-conveying relationship with the structure, whereby the system supplies collected and transferred solar energy to the structure. 46. The combination of claim 45 wherein the system is affixed to the structure. 47. The combination of claim 45 wherein the structure is a building with a roof supporting structure. 48. The combination of claim 47 wherein the panels of the system cover the width or length of the roof structure. 49. The combination of claim 47 wherein the panels are positioned with the general direction horizontal along the width of the roof. 50. The combination of claim 45 in which the header is of an extruded thermoplastic. 51. The combination of claim 45 in which the header is of the same extruded thermoplastic as the panel. 52. The combination of claim 45 in which the panel is a polycarbonate polymer. 53. The combination of claim 45 in which the panel is flat. 54. The combination of claim 45 wherein the system comprises air in the first channels of the first region. 55. The combination of claim 45 wherein the panels are at least 8 feet long. 56. The combination of claim 45 wherein the panels are adapted to be an integral part of the roof structure. 57. The combination of claim 45 and a mounting system which allows for linear, planar movement of the unit with thermal expansion, but which prevents curling out of the plane. 58. The panel of claim 37 wherein the first channels in the first region are separated by ribs which are transparent. 59. The system of claim 37 wherein the second channels in the second region (b) have common ribs which are capable of absorbing solar radiant energy. 60. The system of claim 37 wherein the second channels in the second region (b) have common ribs which are capable of transmitting solar radiant energy. 61. The system of claim 37 wherein the common divider between the first region and the second region is capable of transmitting solar radiant energy. 62. The system of claim 61 which comprises also at least one of the following additional region: (c) a third region which is adapted to allow for the passage of solar radiation and defining a space adapted to allow for the confinement of a fluid, or (d) a fourth region which is adapted to absorb the solar radiation and for transferring thermal energy to a fluid and defining an area adapted to allow for the directed movement of the heated fluid within the fourth region (b) said third or fourth region (c) or (d) being positioned between the first and second regions (a) and (b) and being defined from regions (a) and (b) by a common divider. 63. The system of claim 62 which comprises one additional region. 64. The system of claim 63 wherein the common divider of the first and third regions is capable of transmitting solar radiant energy. 65. The panel of claim 1 wherein the first region is a clear acrylic polymer and the second region is a pigmented polycarbonate polymer. 66. The panel of claim 65 wherein the acrylic polymer is a poly(methyl methacrylate). 67. The panel of claim 65 wherein the polycarbonate polymer is UV-stabilized. 68. The panel of claim 65 wherein the polycarbonate has an overlay of a thin layer of an acrylic polymer. 