A process and apparatus is provided for storing thermal energy and subsequently releasing and extracting the stored thermal energy upon demand. At least one sealed container of salt hydrate is agitated continually and is positioned in heat exchange relationship with a heat exchange liquid which is passed between a thermal energy source and a container enclosing or partially enclosing the sealed container(s) for the salt hydrate. Agitation of the container(s) of salt hydrate prevents or minimizes salt separation and supercooling so that the latent heat of fusion of the salt hydrate can be stored and extracted by the heat exchange liquid upon demand, in addition to the sensible heat of the salt hydrate composition.
Claims I claim: 1. Apparatus for storing thermal energy for subsequent use which comprises: means for exposing a heat exchange liquid to a heat source, means for passing the heated liquid into a first container which is in heat exchange relationship with a salt hydrate composition enclosed in at least one sealed container, said salt hydrate having a heat fusion of at least about 50 BTU/lb, the volume ratio of the heat exchange liquid in said first container to said salt hydrate being between about 1 to 20 and 2 to 1, means for agitating each sealed container continually to minimize or prevent supercooling of said salt hydrate, means for monitoring pressure within said sealed container, and means for periodically passing said heat exchange liquid from heat exchange relationship with said salt hydrate to extract heat from said liquid. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 which includes means for recycling said heat exchange liquid from said first container to said means for exposing the heat exchange liquid to a heat source. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein the means for exposing the heat exchange liquid to a heat source is adapted to transfer solar heat to said liquid. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein the second container houses sufficient heat exchange liquid to totally immerse said sealed container. 5. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein the second container houses sufficient heat exchange liquid to totally immerse said sealed container. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the means for exposing the heat exchange liquid to a heat source is adapted to transfer solar heat to said liquid. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein the second container houses sufficient heat exchange liquid to totally immerse said sealed container. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the second container houses sufficient heat exchange liquid to totally immerse said sealed container. 9. The apparatus of claim 1 having a plurality of sealed containers for the salt hydrate and wherein said means for monitoring pressure is associated with at least one of said sealed containers. 10. The apparatus of claim 9 wherein at least one of said sealed containers contains a salt hydrate different from a salt hydrate in at least one of the remaining sealed containers. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said first container is attached to said sealed container and is adapted to be agitated with said sealed container. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 including means for monitoring the temperature of said heat exchange liquid in said first container and the temperature of said heat exchange liquid exposed to said heat source. 13. The apparatus of claim 1 including a second heating means adapted to heat said heat exchange liquid in said first container in response to the pressure monitored within said sealed container. 