A solar collector having a housing and a plurality of substantially parallel heat absorbing vanes mounted in the housing immediately beneath a radiation transparent upper wall in such a manner as to form a plurality of relatively narrow channels through which a heat exchange fluid is circulated. The width of the channels is preferably not greater than one-half of the depth of the channels and is preferably substantially less. The width of the channels may be as little as one-sixth of the depth of the channels. Provision is made for changing the angular disposition of the vanes and this may be done by heat sensitive means sensitive to the direction of the solar radiation. One form of the vane is L-shaped in cross section with a short leg of each L constituting the bottom wall of the channel and the long leg constituting a side wall of the channel. The vanes may be formed with ears projecting therefrom, these ears constituting the means for spacing the channels and also providing the means for pivotally mounting the channels. These ears may be disposed in channel-shaped members, one set of which is fixed to provide a pivotal support for the vanes and the other set of which is movable to facilitate shifting the angular position of the vanes. The ear may be formed from either a flat strip on which is secured a cylindrical sleeve or the ear may be formed from an extension of the vane which has been curved into a generally cylindrical form.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar collector for heating a gaseous fluid comprising a housing, a plurality of substantially parallel radiation absorbing, substantially non-reflective, vanes mounted in said housing with the spacing between said vanes being between one-half and one-sixth of the depth thereof, said vanes each having fixedly associated with the inner portion thereof an inner radiation absorbing, substantially nonreflective surface, said housing having a closed inner wall and a radiation transparent outer wall mounted closely adjacent and generally parallel to the outer portions of said vanes so as to define with said vanes and said inner radiation absorbing surface a plurality of relatively narrow, contiguous unobstructed channels, each open to direct radiation at said outer portions of said vanes, said housing having an inlet manifold at one end thereof communicating with one set of extremities of said channels and having an outlet manifold at the opposite end thereof communicating with the opposite set of extremities of said channels, and means for circulating a gaseous heat exchange fluid through said inlet manifold, said channels and said outlet manifold to heat utilizing apparatus, said spacing between said vanes being between one-eighth and one-fourth of an inch and the velocity of said fluid being sufficiently small that the flow of said gaseous fluid through said vanes is laminar. 2. The solar collector of claim in which there is means for changing the angular disposition of the planes of said vanes so as to cause the vanes forming the walls of said channels to tend to be directed towards the sun. 3. The solar collector of claim 2 in which the means for changing the angular disposition of the vanes is a radiation sensitive means sensitive to the direction of the solar radiation. 4. The solar collector of claim 3 in which the radiation sensitive means has a pair of opposing portions tending to oppositely affect the angular position of the vanes, for changes in ambient temperature, with means for shielding one of said portions from solar radiation, so that said radiation sensitive means is compensated for changes in ambient temperature. 5. The solar collector of claim 1 in which there is means for supporting said housing with respect to the earth at an angle such that the channels tend to be directed in the direction of the sun. 6. The solar collector of claim 1 in which each vane is L-shaped in cross-section with the short leg of the L constituting the inner wall of the channel and the long leg constituting a side wall of the channel. 7. The solar collector of claim 1 in which each vane has one pair of ears extending from the outer opposite corners of the vane and a second pair of ears extending from the inner opposite corners of the vane, each of said ears being in the form of a sleeve having a dimension transverse to the plane of the vane equal to the desired spacing between the vanes, a first set of longitudinal members engaging the inner ears of all of said vanes and a second set of longitudinal members engaging the outer ears of all of said vanes to maintain said vanes in position in said housing. 8. The solar collector of claim 7 in which one of said sets of longitudinal members is fixed to provide a pivoted mounting for said vanes and the other of said sets of longitudinal members is longitudinally slidable to tilt the vanes. 9. The solar collector of claim 7 in which the longitudinal members are channel-shaped members having channels into which said ears extend. 10. The solar collector of claim 7 in whcih each ear is a flat strip extending from the vane with a cylindrical sleeve surrounding and engaging said flat strip. 11. The solar collector of claim 7 in which each ear is formed of an extension of said vane which has been curved into a generally cylindrical form. 