A method for making a large trough reflector of cylindrical shape comprises the step of exerting twisting moments on the opposing longitudinal edges of a flexible reflective sheet. The twisting moments are exerted in equal but opposite increments until the shape of the reflector is governed mainly by the twisting moments, rather than any end loading forces which, acting in the plane of the longitudinal edges of the sheet, would tend to push together or separate the edges of the sheet. Also disclosed is a trough reflector manufactured according to such method.
Claims I claim: 1. A method of making a trough reflector from a flexible planar member having a reflective surface, said method comprising the steps of supporting said member along a pair of spaced parallel axes extending in said member, and exerting on said planar member substantially equal but opposite twisting moments about said axes while enabling said axes to move toward each other, whereby said member assumes a concave shape, said twisting moments being exerted until the net forces in said member which would otherwise tend to push said edges together or apart are substantially zero. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising the step of exerting a force at the midpoint of said planar member to modify the cross section of said concave shape toward that of a parabola. 3. The method of claim 1 further comprising the step of urging said axes toward each other to modify the cross-section of said concave shape toward that of a parabola. 4. A trough reflector comprising a flexible planar member having a reflective surface, a pair of spaced parallel elongated members for supporting said planar member therebetween, said elongated members being disposed in a common plane, means rigidly connecting said planar member with said elongated members, means for rotatably mounting said elongated members for rotation substantially about their respective longitudinal axes, means for rotating said elongated members in opposite directions about their respective longitudinal rotational axes, to predetermined positions at which said planar member assumes a substantially cylindrical shape, and means for maintaining said elongated members in said predetermined positions. 5. The trough reflector of claim 4 further comprising means for adjusting the spacing between said elongated members. 6. The trough reflector of claim 4 further comprising means for supporting a solar energy-responsive transducer at the optimal focus location of said planar member. 7. The trough reflector of claim 4 wherein said elongated members are rotatably supported on a beam, and means are provided for pivotally mounting said beam to enable said reflective surface to track the sun. 8. The trough reflector of claim 7 further comprising a solar energy-responsive transducer, means for normally positioning said transducer at the optimal focus location of said planar member, and means for adjusting the position of said transducer to compensate for shifts in the position of the optimal focus owing to the gravitational vector on the planar member as the position of the planar member is altered to track the sun. 9. The trough reflector of claim 4 wherein said means for rotating said elongated members comprises a pair of torque arms, one extending outwardly from the longitudinal axis of each elongated member, a strand of adjustable length connected between the torque arms, and means for adjusting the length of said strand. 10. The trough reflector of claim 9 wherein said adjusting means comprises a turnbuckle position in said strand, whereby said elongated members are rotated simultaneously in opposite directions as the turnbuckle is turned to adjust the length of said strand. 11. The trough reflector of claim 10 wherein said elongated members are supported by a pair of spaced beams, and wherein a first spring means is provided for positioning said elongated members with respect to one another, and wherein a second spring means is connected in said strand. 12. A plurality of trough reflectors according to claim 8 said reflectors being arranged to have parallel longitudinal axes and being interconnected by fixed length struts such that a sun-tracking motion imparted to the first reflector is transmitted to the remaining collectors. 13. A trough reflector comprising a flexible planar member having a reflective surface, and means for exerting equal but opposite twisting moments on said member until said member assumes a substantially cylindrical sector shape, said moments being exerted about a pair of spaced parallel axes extending in the plane of said member, said axes being free to move toward each other while said twisting moments are exerted. 14. The trough reflector of claim 13 further comprising means exerting a force at a position substantially midway between said parallel axes to modify said cylindrical sector shape toward a shape having a parabolic cross-section. 15. The trough reflector of claim 13, further comprising means to urge said axes toward each other, thereby modifying the cylindrical sector shape toward a shape having a parabolic cross-section. 16. The trough reflector of claim 13 further comprising a plurality of spaced coplanar struts and means for rigidly coupling said planar member to said struts, and wherein said axes extend in the plane of said struts and wherein said exerting means comprises means for exerting equal but opposite twisting moments on said struts. 17. A trough reflector comprising: (a) a frame; (b) a flexible planar member having a reflective surface; (c) first and second support means for supporting said member along first and second spaced parallel axes extending in said member, said first and second support means being movably mounted on said frame for independent rotational movement about third and fourth axes, respectively, extending parallel to said first and second axes, and for relative translational movement in a direction substantially perpendicular to said parallel axes to enable the spacing between said third and fourth axes to be varied; and (d) means for exerting equal but opposite torques on said first and second support means, whereby said support means rotate in opposite directions about said third and fourth axes, respectively, and move toward each other until said planar member can assume a cylindrical-sector shape. 18. The trough reflector of claim 17 further comprising means for exerting a force at a position substantially midway between said parallel axes to modify said cylindrical sector shape toward a shape having a parabolic cross-section. 19. The trough reflector of claim 17 further comprising means to urge said first and second support means toward each other to modify said cylindrical-sector shape toward a shape having a parabolic cross-section. 20. The trough reflector of claim 17 further comprising a plurality of spaced coplanar struts and means for rigidly coupling said planar member to said struts, and wherein said axes extend in the plane of said struts and wherein said exerting means comprises means for exerting equal but opposite twisting moments on said struts. 