Apparatus for monitoring gas content on a site, to provide an indication if an undesirable gas content occurs, comprises a transmitter for feeding ultrasonic waves through the gas to a receiver. The ultrasonic waves are frequency-modulated and the phase of the modulation at the receiver relative to that at the transmitter is monitored. Either the relative phase is maintained constant, for example by a phase-locked loop so that the modulation frequency varies as a function of the gas content, or the frequency is maintained constant and the phase varies with the gas content. Any appreciable change in the frequency or phase may indicate a potentially undesirable change in the gas content. A plurality of transmitter/receiver pairs can be enabled in sequence to monitor a large area, the respective frequencies or phase displacements being monitored by a central processor.
Claims I claim: 1. An alarm system for providing an alarm when an undesirable gas content occurs in the free atmosphere on a site, the system comprising: means to generate a carrier electric signal; an audio frequency signal generator; a frequency modulator coupled to the carrier signal generator and to the audio frequency generator and operative to frequency modulate the carrier signal with the audio frequency signal; a first transducer energisable by the frequency-modulated carrier signal to transmit modulated ultrasonic energy into said free atmosphere; means responsive to the relationship between the phase of the audio modulation of the ultrasonic energy received by a second transducer and the phase of the audio modulation of the ultrasonic energy transmitted by the first transducer to generate a signal dependent upon said gas content; and means coupled to the phase relationship responsive means to generate an alarm signal in response to the occurrence of a said undesirable gas content. 2. Apparatus as claimed in claim 1, including a display coupled to said alarm signal generating means to indicate the position of detection of said undesirable gas content. 3. Apparatus as claimed in claim 2, wherein said display is remote from said alarm signal generating means and is coupled thereto by a radio link. 4. Apparatus as claimed in claim 2, including means to maintain the audio modulation frequency constant so that the phase relationship of the modulation varies with the gas content. 5. Apparatus as claimed in claim 2, wherein the phase relationship responsive means includes means to maintain the modulation phase relation constant so that the audio modulation frequency varies with the gas content. 6. Apparatus as claimed in claim 5, wherein said modulation audio frequency signal generator is connected in a phaselocked loop including said transducers. 7. Apparatus as claimed in claim 6, wherein said modulation audio frequency signal generator comprises a voltage-controlled oscillator which is controlled by the output of said second transducer. 8. Apparatus as claimed in claim 1, including trough-like means extending between the transducers to collect in the path of the ultrasonic energy heavy gases present in the atmosphere. 9. Apparatus as claimed in claim 1, including trough-like means mounted open-side downwards and extending between the transducers to collect in the path of the ultrasonic energy light gases present in the atmosphere. 10. Apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein said transducers are encapsulated in a resin material. 11. An alarm system for warning of the presence of an undesirable gas content in the atmosphere on a site, the system comprising: a plurality of pairs of transducers spaced apart over the site so that each pair monitors a respective region of the site; means to feed an electrical signal which is frequency modulated at an audio frequency to one transducer of each of said pairs so that each said transducer transmits frequency modulated ultrasonic energy to the other transducer of the pair; means responsive to the phase relationship between the audio frequency modulation received by said other transducer and the transmitted audio frequency modulation to monitor the gas content in the respective region and to generate an alarm signal in response to the detection thereby of an undesirable gas content; and a display comprising respective indicating means for each transducer pair to indicate the position of said undesirable gas content. 12. A system as claimed in claim 11, wherein said display is remote from the site and is coupled to the alarm signal generating means by a radio link. 13. A system as claimed in claim 11, including means to cause monitoring operation by said pairs of transducers in sequence. 14. A system as claimed in claim 11, including data processing means to store data representing acceptable events and to nullify any alarm signal which would result from an acceptable event. 15. A system as claimed in claim 11, including at least one battery for energizing the apparatus; and solar cell means for charging the or each battery. 