A solar heating unit for disposition exteriorly of a building window for heating the air within the space interiorly of the window embodying a casing with a transverse divider for creating a rear passage and a front passage which are in communication in their lower portions. The upper end of the rear passage connects with the forward end of a rearwardly extending lower duct having a cool air inlet at the rearward end thereof. The upper end of the front passage connects with the forward end of an upper duct progressing rearwardly above the lower duct and with there being a warm air outlet at the rearward extremity thereof. A heat exchanger is disposed within the front passage for impingement thereon of solar radiation passing through a transparent panel defining the front of said casing. A thermal responsive closure is provided at the upper end of said front passage for closing same when the temperature within the front passage has descended to a predetermined level.
Claims Having described my invention what I claim and desire to obtain by Letters Patent is: 1. A solar heating unit for disposition exteriorly of a building window comprising means defining a casing having top and bottom walls, a pair of side walls, a front wall and a rear wall, said casing being provided internally with first and second vertically presented passages, means connecting said first and second passages at their lower ends, said casing having first duct-forming means extending rearwardly from the upper portion of the rear wall thereof and being in communication with said first passage in its upper portion, said casing also having second duct-forming means extending rearwardly from the rear wall thereof communicating with said second passage in the upper portion thereof, said first and second duct-forming means constituting a casing support extension being located in relatively remote, elevated relationship to the lower portion of said casing rear wall, there being a fluid inlet at the end of said first duct-forming means remote from the communication thereof with said first passage, there being a fluid outlet in the portion of said second duct-forming means remote from the communication thereof with said second passage, a heat pervious component provided in said front wall and substantially defining one portion of said second passage, and heat exchanging means provided within said second passage. 2. A solar heating unit as defined in claim 1 and further characterized by said second duct-forming means being in immediate underlying relationship to said first duct-forming means, and means integrating said first and second duct-forming means whereby said casing support extension is unitary. 3. A solar heating unit as defined in claim 1 and further characterized by said first duct-forming means being of less length than said second duct-forming means whereby said fluid outlet is located rearwardly of said fluid inlet. 4. A solar heating unit as defined in claim 1 and further characterized by there being a closure rockably mounted on said casing for movement between open and closed condition with respect to the upper end portion of said second passage, and thermally responsive means operatively engaged to said closure for effecting movement of same into said closed condition when the temperature within said second passage has descended to a predetermined level. 5. A solar heating unit as defined in claim 1 and further characterized by said heat exchanging means being a heat collector constructed of sheet material and contoured to define alternating rearwardly opening and forwardly opening channels. 6. A solar heating unit as defined in claim 1 wherein the major axes of said first and second passages are parallel, and the major axes of said first and second ducts being mutually parallel and respectively perpendicular to said first and second passages. 7. A solar heating unit as defined in claim 1 and further characterized by a divider provided interiorly of said casing in planar parallel relationship to the rear wall and the heat pervious component for defining with the adjacent portions of said casing said first and second passages with said first passage being located between said divider and said rear wall and said second passage being defined by said divider and said heat pervious component. 8. A solar heating unit as defined in claim 7 and further characterized by said means connecting said first and second passages being a communication passage presented between said casing lower wall and the lower end of said divider. 9. A solar heating unit as defined in claim 7 and further characterized by said heat exchanging means being a heat collector constructed of sheet material and contoured to define rearward channels opening toward said divider and forward channels opening toward said heat pervious component. 10. A solar heating unit as defined in claim 9 and further characterized by said heat collector having a height substantially coextensive with said divider and a width substantially coextensive with that of said divider. 11. A solar heating unit as defined in claim 1 and further characterized by said casing having a peripheral mounting flange presented forwardly of the portions of said first and second duct-forming means projecting rearwardly of said casing rear wall. 12. A solar heating unit for disposition exteriorly of a building window comprising means defining a casing, said casing having first and second vertically presented passages, means connecting said first and second passages at the lower ends thereof, first duct-forming means communicating with said first passage at the upper end thereof, second duct-forming means in communication with said second passage at the upper end thereof, said first and second duct-forming means being located one above the other and extending substantially perpendicular to said passage to form a support for said unit when mounted in a window, there being a closure rockably mounted on said casing for movement between closed and open condition with respect to the upper end of said second passage, thermally responsive means operatively engaged to said closure for effecting movement of same into closed condition when the temperature within said second passage has descended to a predetermined level, a heat pervious component defining one portion of said second passage, and heat exchanging means provided within said second passage. 13. A solar heating unit as defined in claim 4 and further characterized by said thermally responsive means being a bi-metallic element. 14. A solar heating unit as defined in claim 13 and further characterized by said heat pervious component being a pane of glass. 15. A solar heating unit as defined in claim 12 and further characterized by said heat exchanging means being a heat collector constructed of sheet material and contoured to define alternating rearwardly and forwardly opening channels. 16. A solar heating unit as defined in claim 12 and further characterized by said thermally responsive means being a bimetallic element located within said second passage. 17. A solar heating unit as defined in claim 16 and further characterized by said heat pervious component being a pane of glass. 