A kinematic solar heliostat for reflecting solar energy onto a fixed target which uses a single drive to position reflected solar energy onto such target during daytime hours at any latitude and having a capability of automatically returning eastwardly each day to reflect such energy on the target the following day.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An escapement movement comprising: a frame, a shaft rotatably mounted on said frame, a wheel rotatably supported on said shaft, an escapement means coupled to said shaft juxtapositioned to said wheel, a frame mounted stationary unlocking pallet, at least a pair of spacedly positioned pallets mounted on said wheel, a first means for rotating said wheel in a first direction, a second means for rotating said escapement means in a second direction opposite to said first direction, one of said wheel mounted pallets and said escapement means engaging each other during at least a part of the movement of said wheel in said first direction, said movement of said first wheel when in engagement with said escapement means causing a storage of potential energy in said second means until said unlocking pallet engages said escapement means causing a decoupling of said escapement means from said wheel, whereby the kinetic energy stored in said second means causes counter rotation of said shaft and said wheel until the other of said wheel mounted pallets engages said escapement means. 2. The escapement movement set forth in claim 1 wherein: said pair of wheel mounted pallets extend laterally from the plane of said wheel juxtapositioned to said escapement means. 3. The escapement movement set forth in claim 1 wherein: said wheel mounted pallets comprises a plurality of pins spacedly positioned around the periphery of the plane of said wheel juxtapositioned to said escapement means. 4. The escapement movement set forth in claim 3 wherein: said pins are spacedly positioned around the periphery of said wheel in equal increments. 5. The escapement movement set forth in claim 1 wherein: said first means comprises an electric motor. 6. The escapement movement set forth in claim 5 wherein: said electric motor comprises a synchronous motor. 7. The escapement movement set forth in claim 1 wherein: said one of said pallets intercepts and holds said escapement means when said wheel is moved in said first direction. 8. The escapement movement set forth in claim 1 in further combination with: a mirror attached to said shaft for rotatable movement therewith for receiving and directing a beam of light on to a receiver. 9. A heliostat movement comprising: an oscillating shaft, a synchronously driven wheel rotatably mounted on said shaft for completing one revolution each 48 hours in a first direction, said wheel being provided with a plurality of rotational limiting means extending laterally therefrom, escapement means coupled to said shaft and disposed to intercept sequentially each of said rotational limiting means, a stationary means mounted on said movement, said escapement means being released from each of said rotational limiting means upon engagement with said stationary means, means for causing a second direction of rotation of said shaft upon release each time of said escapement means from said rotational limiting means, said second direction of rotation of said shaft being provided by a force means reacting against said shaft when moved in said first direction to repeat according to the sequential arrangement of said rotational limiting means the rotational rate of said wheel in said first direction. 10. The heliostat movement set forth in claim 9 wherein: said rotational limiting means and said stationary means are pallets. 11. The escapement movement set forth in claim 10 in further combination with: a solar radiant energy reflecting mirror attached to said shaft to reflect solar energy upon a stationary solar radiation receiver. 12. The escapement movement set forth in claim 10 wherein: said force means comprises a storage means for the energy of the movement of said wheel in said first direction. 13. The heliostat movement set forth in claim 10 in further combination with: a frame for rotatably supporting said shaft, said escapement means being provided with a notch into which said pallets forming said rotational limiting means are moved when intercepted by said escapement means. 14. The heliostat movement set forth in claim 9 in further combination with: a slip clutch attached to said shaft, and means for damping the rotation of said shaft in said second direction. 15. The heliostat movement set forth in claim 9 wherein: said means for causing a second direction of rotation of said shaft comprises a continuous rotational force bias means. 16. A solar heliostat comprising: a frame; a declination axially mounted mirror means; a celestial polar shaft means attaching to said mirror means; a driven wheel rotatably axially and concentrically attached to said polar shaft means; a driving means coupled to said driven wheel to provide a 48 hour rotational period; an escapement holding arm coupled to said polar shaft means; said polar shaft means containing torque biasing force means to cause counter rotation of said axis upon its release; an escapement means attached to said escapement holding arm; a plurality of locking pallets each attached to said driven wheel in a manner to intercept said escapement means; a stationary impulse pallet located to intercept said escapement means whereof said escapement means is moved to release one of said locking pallets causing said escapement means, escapement arm, polar shaft means and mounted mirror to move eastward due to biasing force means reacting to rotate said polar shaft means until said escapement means engages the next sequential locking pallet whereupon celestial tracking rate resumes uninterrupted; each retrograde relocation providing continuous daytime placement of solar reflection upon a fixed receiver position, without the use of manual resetting for same each day. 17. The solar heliostat set forth in claim 16 wherein: said mirror means comprises a second axis supported by said polar shaft means at right angles thereto, means for mounting a reflective surface thereto and substantially parallel to said second shaft. 