A reactive sputtering process is described for producing a thin film of sputtered material on a tubular substrate which may, for example, be a solar collector tube. Uniformity of the composition of the sputtered layer at all points at the same depth in the film is achieved by preventing the movement of reactive gases through which the sputtering has already taken place, from one part of the zone of sputtering to another. In one way of achieving this result the reactive gas is swept from the zone of sputtering by entraining it in a gas stream flowing across the sputtering path. In an alternative way of achieving this result the rate of flow of reactive gas is finely controlled so that it is entirely consumed in one discrete area of sputtering so that there are no components of the reactive gas remaining which are free to move to other parts of the zone of sputtering and thereby change the atmospheric conditions in it. Apparatus for carrying out these two functions is described and utilizes tubes, which may be electrodes, formed with lines of holes or openings extending parallel to the axis of the tubular substrate on which the sputtered film is to be formed.
Claims We claim: 1. A process for applying a solar selective surface coating of substantially uniform composition and thickness to a substrate in the form of an elongate tube for use in a solar collector system; the process comprising reactively sputtering atoms from a gaseous impurity and from an elongate metal electrode simultaneously onto the surface of the substrate in a direct current induced plasma, and wherein: (a) the electrode is disposed parallel to the longitudinal axis of the substrate, (b) relative rotation about the axis of the substrate is effected between the substrate and the electrode, (c) the impurity gas is directed towards the substrate surface at an angle approximately normal to the longitudinal axis of the substrate and from delivery points spaced from the substrate surface but uniformly distributed along the length of the substrate, and (d) flow of the impurity gas is controlled to minimize migration thereof in a direction parallel to the longitudinal axis of the substrate. 2. The process as claimed in claim 1 wherein the gaseous impurity is directed to flow along a path lying in the zone of sputtering and extending between the electrode and the substrate, and wherein the rate of admission of the gaseous impurity is controlled to be substantially equal to its rate of consumption in the sputtering process. 3. The process as claimed in claim 1 wherein the electrode is provided with holes, constituting the delivery points, through which the gaseous impurity is admitted to the zone of sputtering. 4. The process as claimed in claim 2 in which the electrode is arranged co-axially with respect to a ring of spaced said tubular substrates which are rotated about their respective axes as the layer of sputtered material builds up on them. 5. The process as claimed in claim 4, in which the electrode comprises a rod co-axially arranged inside the ring. 6. The process as claimed in claim 4, in which the electrode is formed by the inside surface of a metal cylindrical envelope surrounding the ring of tubular substrates. 7. The process as claimed in claim 1 wherein the delivery points for the gaseous impurity are spaced from the electrode and the gaseous impurity is directed across the surface of the substrate to a gas outlet, the gaseous impurity being delivered to the zone of sputtering in an inert gas, and there being a pressure drop between the gas delivery points and the gas outlet. 8. The process as claimed in claim 7, in which the gas outlet comprises a suction tube extending lengthwise of an elongated chamber parallel to the axes of the electrode and the substrate. 9. The process as claimed in claim 1 in which the gaseous impurity used is selected to create a carbide or a silicide coating layer on the substrate. 10. A direct current reactive sputtering apparatus for use in applying a solar selective surface coating of a substantially uniform composition and thickness to a substrate in the form of an elongate tube for use in a solar collector system, the apparatus including: (a) an envelope defining a chamber, (b) an elongate target electrode, (c) means for mounting the substrate within the chamber in spaced parallel relationship to the target electrode, (d) means for effecting relative rotation about the axis of the substrate between the target electrode and the substrate, (e) means for admitting a gaseous impurity into the chamber and directing the gaseous impurity toward the substrate at an angle approximately normal to the longitudinal axis of the substrate, said means including delivery point apertures spaced from the substrate surface but uniformly distributed along the length of the substrate, and (f) means for controlling the flow of the impurity gas to minimize migration thereof in a direction parallel to the longitudinal axis of the substrate. 11. Apparatus as claimed in claim 10, in which a ring of mounts is arranged to support a ring of circumferentially spaced said tubular substrates which are to be coated, and the electrode is arranged coaxially with respect to the ring. 12. Apparatus as claimed in claim 11 in which the electrode comprises the inside surface of the envelope which is made of metal. 