A solar air heat collector includes a generally rectangular box-like housing of thermal insulating material and having an open front closed by a transparent plate. A corrugated solar heat absorber panel is supported in predetermined spaced relationship to the housing back wall in a location intermediate the transparent plate and the housing back wall by support rails extending along the housing side walls. A substantially sealed air space is defined between the transparent plate and absorber panel, and an air flow passage is defined between the absorber panel and the housing back wall.
Claims Having thus described our invention, we claim: 1. A solar heat absorber assembly for a solar air heater or the like comprising: a pair of elongated spaced-apart parallel side rails having main web portions and being of substantially the same size and shape, each said rail having a mounting flange extending from one longitudinal edge of said web portion thereof inwardly toward the other rail, said flanges being integral with said web portions and extending along substantially the full length thereof, a continuous absorber panel spanning said web portions adjacent the other longitudinal edges thereof, said absorber panel being of a material having a high thermal conductivity and being highly absorptive of solar energy, and said panel being corrugated along substantially the full length thereof with corrugations extending in a direction across said side rails. 2. The absorber assembly as defined in claim 1 wherein said panel is integral with said side rails. 3. The absorber assembly as defined in claim 2 including integral end rails on said panel, and a plurality of air flow holes through said end rails. 4. The absorber assembly as defined in claim 1 wherein said rails have inwardly facing longitudinal grooves adjacent said other longitudinal edges, and said absorber panel has opposite panel edges received in said grooves. 5. The absorber assembly as defined in claim 4 including air flow inhibiting material interposed between the bottoms of said grooves and said opposite panel edges for inhibiting movement of air from one side to the other of said panel past said opposite panel edges. 6. The absorber assembly as defined in claim 5 wherein said air flow inhibiting material provides limited air movement therethrough to allow a substantially sealed air space on one side of said panel to breathe with an air space on the opposite side of said panel. 7. The absorber assembly as defined in claim 1 including a box-like solar air heat collector having side walls, end walls and a back wall all of thermal insulating material, said side walls and end walls having outer edges lying in a common plane opposite from said back wall to define a peripheral edge of said collector, a transparent plate sealed to said peripheral edge, said absorber assembly being positioned in said collector with said rails extending closely along said side walls and with said mounting flanges secured to said back wall, said rails supporting said absorber assembly within said collector with said panel located intermediate said transparent plate and said back wall to define an insulation chamber between said transparent plate and panel and to define a flow passage between said panel and back wall, and openings at opposite end portions of said collector for circulation of air through said flow passage. 8. The collector as defined in claim 7 wherein said absorber assembly comprises a one-piece aluminum structure and said panel has a black outer surface facing said transparent plate. 9. The collector as defined in claim 7 wherein said rails of said absorber assembly are substantially E-shaped in cross-section and are positioned with the legs of the E's extending toward one another, one outer leg of the E's defining said mounting flanges, the other outer legs of the E's cooperating with the intermediate legs thereof to define inwardly facing longitudinal grooves, and said panel having opposite side edges received in said grooves. 10. The collector as defined in claim 9 including air flow inhibiting material interposed between the bottoms of said grooves and said side edges for inhibiting flow of air between said insulation chamber and said flow passage. 11. The collector as defined in claim 10 wherein said air flow inhibiting material provides limited air movement therethrough to allow said insulation chamber to breathe and thereby minimize formation of condensation therein. 12. The collector as defined in claim 7 wherein said mounting flanges are sealed to said back wall. 13. The collector as defined in claim 7 including passage means for providing communication between said insulation chamber and said flow passage through air flow inhibiting and filtering material. 14. A solar air heat collector comprising: a box-like generally rectangular housing including side walls, end walls and a back wall all of thermal insulating material, said housing having an open front opposite from said back wall, a transparent plate closing said open front, a generally rectangular solar heat absorber panel having opposite side edges and being corrugated along substantially the full length thereof with corrugations extending in a direction across said side edges, said absorber panel being of a material having a high thermal conductivity and being highly absorptive of solar energy, support rails positioned in said housing along said side walls and supporting said panel in predetermined spaced relationship to said back wall intermediate said transparent plate and back wall to define a substantially sealed air chamber between said plate and panel and to define an air flow passage between said panel and back wall, and air flow openings in said housing adjacent the opposite ends thereof communicating with said air flow passage. 15. The collector as defined in claim 14 wherein said rails have inwardly opening longitudinal grooves receiving said side edges of said panel, and resiliently compressible air flow inhibiting material interposed between the bottoms of said grooves and side edges to inhibit passage of air between said chamber and passage. 16. The collector as defined in claim 14 wherein said rails have inwardly extending support flanges sealed to said back wall. 17. The collector as defined in claim 14 wherein said side edges of said panel are integral with said rails and said corrugations have terminal ends spaced inwardly from said side edges. 18. The collector as defined in claim 17 wherein said rails have inwardly extending support flanges sealed to said back wall. 19. The collector as defined in claim 14 wherein said rails are substantially E-shaped in cross-section, one outer leg of the E's being sealed to said back wall, the other outer legs of the E's cooperating with the intermediate legs thereof to define inwardly facing grooves receiving said side edges of said panel, and sponge-like air flow inhibiting material interposed between said grooves and side edges to inhibit flow of air between said chamber and passage. 20. The collector as defined in claim 14 including passage means for providing limited communication past said absorber panel between said air insulation chamber and air flow passage through air flow inhibiting and filtering material. 21. The collector as defined in claim 20 wherein said absorber panel includes integral end rails at the opposite ends thereof spaced inwardly from said end walls, a plurality of holes through said end rails defining said passage means, and said air flow inhibiting and filtering material being positioned between said end walls and said end rails. 