A solar heating system comprises a solar panel having a liquid inlet and vapor outlet, a conduit connecting the inlet and outlet and having a fluid pump therealong operable to circulate fluid through the solar panel and conduit, and a vacuum pump operable to maintain the pressure within the solar panel below a predetermined value. A condenser containing heat exchange fluid is in heat exchange contact with the conduit intermediate the vapor outlet and fluid pump, preferably by passing a portion of the conduit through the condenser. The lower portion of a liquid storage tank is connected to the solar panel and houses fluid drained therefrom when the system is not operating, the vacuum pump communicating with the upper portion of the tank to facilitate draining the panel. Control means automatically activates the vacuum pump to evacuate the solar panel, initiates operation of the solar heating system if the solar panel temperature exceeds a preset value and pressure is below a preset value, and terminates operation of the system if the solar panel temperature falls below the preset value whereupon the vacuum pump operates for a predetermined time period to facilitate draining the solar panel. The system also terminates operation if the panel pressure exceeds the preset value, whereupon the vacuum pump operates to reduce the pressure within the solar panel.
Claims Having thus described the invention, I claim: 1. A solar heating system comprising: A. solar heating panel means having a liquid inlet, a vapor outlet, and passage means extending therebetween, said solar heating panel means absorbing heat from the sun to convert liquid contained within said passage means to vapor, said solar heating panel means comprising a laminate of two sheets of metallic material cooperatively configured to define said passage means therebetween which include a plurality of passages interconnecting a plurality of cavities enlarged relative thereto, and a housing within which is mounted said laminate, said housing having a translucent surface generally coextensive with and spaced from said laminate and insulating material disposed therewithin adjacent the surface of said laminate opposite said translucent surface; B. fluid pump means having an inlet side and an outlet side; C. first conduit means having one end connected to said vapor outlet of said solar heating panel means and the other end connected to said inlet side of said fluid pump means; D. condensng means having a fluid inlet and a fluid outlet and disposed along a portion of said first conduit means between said vapor outlet of said panel means and said inlet side of said fluid pump means, said condensing means being adapted to have a heat exchange fluid passed therethrough in indirect heat exchange with vapor in said portion of said first conduit to condense such vapor with latent heat of vaporization thereof being transferred to said heat exchange fluid, said first conduit serving to conduct liquid so condensed to said fluid pump inlet; E. second conduit means having one end connected to said outlet side of said pump means and the other end connected to said liqiud inlet of said solar heating panel means to conduct liquid condensed in said condensing means back to said solar heating panel means; F. vacuum means connected at a point along a path, defined at least in part by said first conduit means, between said passage means of said solar heating panel and said condensing means to provide a reduced pressure acting on liquid being vaporized therein whereby the normal vaporization temperature of said liquid is reduced. 2. A solar heating system comprising: A. solar heating panel means having a liquid inlet, a vapor outlet, and passage means extendng therebetween, said solar heating panel means absorbing heat from the sun to convert liquid contained within said passage means to vapor; B. fluid pump means having an inlet side and an outlet side; C. first conduit means having one end connected to said vapor outlet of said solar heating panel means and the other end connected to said inlet side of said fluid pump means; D. condensing means having a fluid inlet and a fluid outlet and disposed along a portion of said first conduit means between said vapor outlet of said panel means and said inlet side of said fluid pump means, said condensing means being adapted to have a heat exchange fluid passed therethrough the indirect heat exchange with vapor in said portion of said first conduit to condense such vapor with latent heat vaporization thereof being transferred to said heat exchange fluid, said first conduit serving to conduct liquid so condensed to said fluid pump inlet; E. second conduit means having one end connected to said outlet side of said pump means and the other end connected to said liquid inlet of said solar heating panel means to conduct liquid condensed in said condensing means back to said solar heating panel means; F. vacuum means connected at a point along a path, defined at least in part by said first conduit means, between said passage means of said solar heating panel and said condensing means to provide a reduced pressure in said passage means to reduce the pressure acting on liquid being vaporized therein whereby the normal vaporization temperature of said liquid is reduced; and G. control means having a pressure sensing member operable to monitor the pressure within said solar heating panel means, said control means activating said vacuum means when the pressure sensed within said solar heating panel means exceeds a predetermined value and deactivating said vacuum means when the pressure sensed within said solar heating panel means is less than the predetermined value and during operation of the said solar heating system. 3. The solar heating system of claim 2 wherein said control means further includes a heat sensing member communicating with said solar heating panel means operable to monitor the temperature therewithin, said control means activating said heat transfer system when the temperature sensed in said solar heating panel means exceeds a first preset value and deactivating said system when the temperature sensed therewithin falls below said first preset value. 4. The solar heating system of claim 3 wherein said control means further includes a second heat sensing member communicating with said condensing means operable to monitor the temperature of heat exchange fluid therewithin, said control means activating said heat transfer system when the temperature sensed in said condensing means falls below a second preset value and deactivating said system when the temperature sensed therewithin exceeds said preset value. 5. The solar heating system of claim 2 further including a liquid storage tank member disposed at a lower elevation than said solar heating panel means; third conduit means connecting said second conduit means to said tank member; and wherein said control means further includes first valve means disposed along said third conduit means, said control means being operable to close said first valve means and activate said fluid pump means during operation of said solar heating system and to open said first valve means and deactivate said fluid pump means upon termination of the operation of said system whereby fluid in said solar heating panel means drains through said second and third conduit means into said tank member. 6. The solar heating system of claim 5 further including fourth conduit means through which said vacuum means communicates with said solar heating panel means; fifth conduit means connecting the upper portion of said tank member to said fourth conduit means; and wherein said third conduit means is connected to said tank member at a point below the liquid level therein, said control means further including second valve means disposed along said fourth conduit means intermediate said fifth conduit means and said solar heating panel means and third valve means disposed along said fifth conduit means, said control means being operable to close said second valve means, open said third valve means, and activate said vacuum means for a predetermined time period upon termination of the operation of said solar heating system whereby said vacuum means facilitates draining fluid from said solar heating panel means into said tank member. 7. The solar heating system of claim 5 further including sixth conduit means connecting said first and third conduit means whereby excess fluid pressure is released into said tank member. 8. The solar heating system of claim 2 wherein said condensing means comprises a tank having an inlet and outlet for heat exchange fluid passing therethrough, and said portion of said first conduit means extends through said tank in direct contact with heat exchange fluid therein. 9. The solar heating system of claim 2 wherein said solar heating panel means comprises a laminate of two sheets of metallic material cooperatively configured to define said passage means therebetween which include a plurality of passages interconnecting a plurality of cavities enlarged relative thereto. 10. A solar heating system comprising: A. solar heating panel means having a liquid inlet, a vapor outlet, and passage means extending therebetween, said solar heating panel means absorbing heat from the sun to convert liquid contained within said passage means therein to vapor; B. fluid pump means having an inlet side and an outlet side; C. first conduit means having one end connected to said vapor outlet of said solar heating panel means and the other end to said inlet side of said fluid pump means; D. second conduit means having one end connected to said outlet side of said pump means and the other end connected to said liquid inlet of said solar heating panel means; E. condensing means having a heat exchange fluid inlet and a heat exchange fluid outlet and being disposed along a portion of said first conduit means whereby vapor passing therethrough is passed in indirect heat exchange with a heat exchange fluid passed through said condensing means and condenses with the latent heat of vaporization thereof being transferred to said heat exchange fluid; F. vacuum means operable to provide a reduced pressure in said passage means of said solar heat absorbing panel means to reduce the pressure acting on liquid contained therein; G. control means having a pressure sensing member operable to monitor the pressure within said solar heating panel means, said control means activating said vacuum means when the pressure sensed within said solar heating panel means exceeds a predetermined value and deactivating said vacuum means when the pressure sensed within said solar heating panel means is less than the predetermined value and during operation of said solar heating system; H. a liquid storage tank member having an upper portion and disposed at a lower elevation than said solar heating panel means; third conduit means connecting said second conduit means to said tank member; said control means further including first valve means disposed along said third conduit means, said control means being operable to close said first valve means and activate said fluid pump means during operation of said solar heating system and to open said first valve means and deactivate said fluid pump means upon termination of the operation of said system whereby fluid in said solar heating panel means drains through said second and third conduit means into said tank member; and I. fourth conduit means through which said vacuum means communicates with said solar heating panel means; fifth conduit means connecting the upper portion of said tank member to said fourth conduit means; said third conduit means being connectd to said tank member at a point below the liquid level therein, said control means further including second valve means disposed along said fourth conduit means intermediate said fifth conduit means and said solar heating panel means and third valve means disposed along said fifth conduit means, said control means being operable to close said second valve means, open said third valve means, and activate said vacuum means for a predetermined time period upon termination of the operation of said solar heating system whereby said vacuum means facilitates draining fluid from said solar heating panel means into said tank member. 