A solar energy conversion system is provided which includes a black body receiver for transferring energy from focused solar radiation to a circulating gas. The receiver includes a honeycomb heat exchanger located within a chamber sealed with impingement cooled windows, the outermost one of which acts as a one way trap or diode to prevent energy radiated by the heated honeycomb from escaping to the atmosphere. The heat exchanger is formed with a number of tubes which are oriented to be illuminated "end on" for minimizing retroreflection of the incoming energy. Because of the "end on" orientation, a large majority of the incoming energy impinges on the internal walls of the tubes and is internally reflected until it is absorbed. Cool gas, which may be air, is introduced into the receiver under pressure such that the gas passes through the tubes of the heat exchanger where it is heated to temperatures that are typically in the vicinity of 1700.degree. F. The heated gas is then extracted from the receiver downstream of the tubes.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar energy conversion system utilizing means for focusing solar radiation comprising: a hollow bodied housing having an opening at one end; a window disposed in said opening, said window being spaced from said focusing means and heated by the concentrated radiation from the focusing means; a number of tubes in said housing; means orienting said tubes such that focused solar radiation impinges on the open ends of said tubes and is internally reflected down said tubes until the majority of said radiation is absorbed at the walls of said tubes to heat them; means for providing a flowing heat transfer medium under pressure in said housing; and, means for directing said flowing heat transfer medium over said window to cool said window by the transfer of heat from said window to said medium, thereby to prevent failure of said window due to the heating of the window by said concentrated radiation, and for directing said heat transfer medum into said tubes at the ends of said tubes at which said solar radiation impinges, such that the same heat transfer medium cools said window and removes heat from said tubes. 2. A solar energy conversion system utilizing means for focusing solar radiation comprising in combination: a hollow bodied housing having an opening at one end and adapted to receive focused solar radiation through said one end; means for providing a stream of gas under pressure in said housing; a window disposed in said opening, said window being spaced from said focusing means and heated by the concentrated radiation from said focusing means; a heat exchanger in said housing including a body having a number of channels running therethrough; means for positioning said body such that focused solar radiation impinges on the open ends of said channels; and, means for directing said gas stream to impinge on and flow over said window and to flow into said channels at one end of said heat exchanger such that the same gas prevents window melting and removes heat from said heat exchanger, thereby to prevent failure of said window due to the heating of the window by the focused solar radiation. 3. The solar energy conversion system of claim 2 wherein said opening is at least as large as the portion of the channeled body facing said focused solar radiation. 4. A solar energy conversion system utilizing means for focusing solar radiation comprising in combination: a solar energy receiver for transferring energy from focused radiation to said gas stream, said solar energy receiver including a body having a cavity opened at one end, means for mounting said body such that said open end is exposed to said focused radiation, means for providing a stream of gas under pressure in said cavity, means spaced from said focusing means, heated by said focused solar radiation and disposed in said open end for sealing said open end, said means being transparent to a selected broad band of wavelengths of said focused radiation and being reflective at wavelengths longer than those within said broad band, heat exchanger means positioned within said cavity to be exposed to radiation passing through said sealing means, said heat exchanger having means for permitting gas flow therethrough and means for directing said gas stream into said cavity between said heat exchanger means and said sealing means to create a cooling gas flow over said sealing means and for removing said gas from said cavity downwstream of said heat exchanger means such that the same gas cools said sealing means and removes heat from said heat exchanger means, whereby failure of said window due to the heating of the window by the focused radiation is prevented. 5. The solar energy conversion system of claim 4 wherein said heat exchanger means includes a body having at least one channel with walls oriented such that focused solar radiation impinges on an open end whereby radiation reflected back to said sealing means is minimized while energy transfer to said gas stream is maximized. 6. The solar energy conversion system of claim 4 wherein said heat exchanger means includes a honeycomb structure. 7. The solar energy conversion system of claim 4 and further including at least one additional window interposed between said sealing means and said heat exchanger means and configured such that gas impinging on said sealing means is permitted to flow by said at least one additional window to said heat exchanging means, thereby to cool said additional window. 8. The solar energy conversion system of claim 7 wherein said at least one additional window is apertured. 9. The solar energy conversion system of claim 7 wherein said at least one additional window includes mounting means surrounding said window having means for spacing said at least one additional window from the cavity walls to permit gas flow around the edges of said at least one additional window. 10. A solar energy receiver for use with means for focusing solar radiation comprising: a body having a cavity opened at one end; a window spaced from said focusing means and heated by said focused solar radiation, said window being disposed in said open end and adapted to be cooled by a flowing heat transfer medium; heat exchanger means; means for positioning said heat exchanger means within said cavity such that said heat exchanger means is exposed to radiation passing through said open end, said heat exchanger having means for permitting heat transfer medium flow therethrough; and, means for introducing said flowing heat transfer medium into said cavity between said heat exchanger means and said open end to form a cooling flow over said window such that the same heat transfer medium cools said window and removes heat from said heat exchanger means, whereby failure of said window due to the heating of the window by the focused radiation is prevented. 11. The receiver of claim 10 wherein said heat exchanger means includes a body having at least one channel oriented such that focused radiation impinges on an open end of said channel. 12. The receiver of claim 10 wherein said heat exchanger means includes a honeycomb structure. 13. The receiver of claim 10 wherein said window includes a means for sealing said open end, said window being transparent to a selected broad band of wavelengths of said focused radiation and being reflective at wavelengths longer than those within said board band. 14. The receiver of claim 13 and further including at least one additional window interposed between said first mentioned window and said heat exchanger means and configured such that said heat transfer medium impinging on said first mentioned window is permitted to flow by said at least one additional window to said heat exchanging means. 15. The receiver of claim 14 wherein said at least one additional window includes mounting means surrounding said window having means for spacing said at least one additional window from the cavity walls to permit said medium to flow around the edges of said at least one additional window. 16. A solar energy conversion system comprising in combination: means for focusing solar radiation to a predetermined location spaced from said focusing means; a solar receiver at said predetermined location including a hollow bodied housing having an opening at one end adapted to face said focusing means; means for providing a flowing heat transfer medium under pressure within said housing; a window disposed in said opening and heated by the radiation from said focusing means; a heat exchanger including a number of tubes in said housing; means for orienting said tubes such that focused solar radiation impinges on the open ends of said tubes and is internally reflected down said tubes until the majority of said radiation is absorbed on the walls of said tubes to heat them; and means for directing said flowing heat transfer medium over said window to cool said window by the transfer of heat from said window to said medium, and for directing said heat transfer medium into said tubes at the ends of said tubes at which said solar radiation impinges, such that the same heat transfer medium cools said window and removes heat from said tubes, thereby to prevent failure of said window due to the heating of the window by the focused radiation. 17. A solar energy conversion system comprising in combination: means for focusing solar radiation to a predetermined location; a hollow bodied housing having an opening at one end adapted to face said focusing means; means for providing a stream of gas under pressure within said housing; a window spaced from said focusing means and heated by the radiation from said focusing means, said window being disposed in said opening; a heat exchanger in said housing including a body having a number of channels running therethrough; means for positioning said body such that said focused solar radiation impinges on the open ends of said channels; and, means for introducing said gas stream to impinge on and flow over said window and to flow into said channels at one end of said heat exchanger such that the same gas cools said window and removes heat from said heat exchanger, thereby to prevent failure of said window due to the heating of the window by the focused radiation. 18. The solar energy conversion system of claim 17 wherein said opening is at least as large as the portion of the channeled body facing said focusing means. 19. A solar energy conversion system comprising in combination: means for focusing solar radiation to a predetermined location; a solar energy receiver at said location for transferring energy from said focused radiation to said gas stream, said solar energy receiver including a body having a cavity opened at one end, means for providing a stream of gas under pressure in said cavity; means for mounting said body such that said open end is exposed to said focused radiation, means spaced from said focusing means, heated by the radiation from said focusing means and disposed in said open end for sealing said open end, said means being transparent to a selected broad band of wavelengths of said focused radiation and being reflective at wavelengths longer than those within said broad band, heat exchanger means positioned within said cavity to be exposed to radiation passing through said sealing means, said heat exchanger having means for permitting gas flow therethrough, and means for introducing said gas stream into said cavity between said heat exchanger means and said sealing means to create a cooling gas flow over said sealing means and for removing said gas from said cavity downstream of said heat exchanger means, such that the same gas cools said sealing means and removes heat from said heat exchanger means, thereby to prevent failure of said sealing means due to the heating of the sealing means by the focused radiation. 20. The solar energy conversion system of claim 19 wherein said heat exchanger means includes a body having at least one channel with walls oriented such that said focused solar radiation impinges on an open end whereby radiation reflected back to said sealing means is minimized while energy transfer to said gas stream is maximized, and wherein said receiver is stationary. 21. The solar energy conversion system of claim 19 wherein said heat exchanger means includes a honeycomb structure. 22. The solar energy conversion system of claim 19 and further including at least one additional window interposed between said sealing means and said heat exchanger means and configured such that gas impinging on said sealing means is permitted to flow by said at least one additional window to said heat exchanging means, thereby to cool said additional window. 23. The solar energy conversion system of claim 22 wherein said at least one additional window is apertured. 24. The solar energy conversion system of claim 22 wherein said at least one additional window includes mounting means surrounding said window having means for spacing said at least one additional window from the cavity walls to permit gas flow around the edges of said at least one additional window. 25. A solar energy conversion system utilizing means for focusing solar radiation comprising in combination: means for providing a stream of gas under pressure; and, a solar energy receiver for transferring energy from focused solar radiation to said gas stream, said solar energy receiver including a body having a cavity opened at one end, means for mounting said body such that said open end is exposed to said focused radiation, means spaced from said focusing means, heated by said focused solar radiation and located at said open end for sealing said open end, said means being transparent to a selected broad band of wavelengths of said focused radiation and being reflective at wavelengths longer than those within said broad band, heat exchanger means positioned within said cavity to be exposed to radiation passing through said sealing means, said heat exchanger having means for permitting gas flow therethrough, means for introducing said gas stream into said cavity between said heat exchanger means and said sealing means to create a cooling gas flow at said sealing means and for removing said gas from said cavity downstream of said heat exchanger means; and at least one additional window interposed between said sealing means and said heat exchanger means and configured such that gas impinging on said sealing means is permitted to flow by said at least one additional window to said heat exchanging means, thereby to cool said additional window. 26. A solar energy receiver for use with means for focusing solar radiation comprising: a body having a cavity opened at one end; a window spaced from said focusing means and heated by said focused solar radiation, said window being positioned adjacent said opened end and adapted to be cooled by a flowing heat transfer medium; heat exchanger means positioned within said cavity to be exposed to radiation passing through said opened end, said heat exchanger having means for permitting heat transfer medium to flow therethrough; means for introducing said flowing heat transfer medium into said cavity between said heat exchanger means and said open end to form a cooling flow at said window, said window including a means for sealing said open end, said window being transparent to a selected broad band of wavelengths of said focused radiation and being reflective at wavelengths longer than those within said broad band; and, at least one additional window interposed between said first mentioned window and said heat exchanger means and configured such that said heat transfer medium impinging on said first mentioned window is permitted to flow by said at least one additional window to said heat exchanging means. 27. A solar energy conversion system comprising in combination: means for focusing solar radiation to a predetermined location; means for providing a stream of gas under pressure; and, a solar energy receiver at said location for transferring energy from said focused radiation to said gas stream, said solar energy receiver including a body having a cavity opened at one end, means for mounting said body such that said open end is exposed to said focused radiation, means spaced from said focusing means, heated by the radiation from said focusing means and at said open end for sealing said open end, said means being transparent to a selected broad band of wavelengths of said focused radiation and being reflective a wavelength longer than those within said broad band, heat exchanger means positioned within said cavity to be exposed to radiation passing through said sealing means, said heat exchanger having means for permitting gas flow therethrough, means for introducing said gas stream into said cavity between said heat exchanger means and said sealing means to create a cooling gas flow at said sealing means and for removing said gas from said cavity downstream of said heat exchanger means, and at least one additional window interposed between said sealing means and said heat exchanger means and configured such that gas impinging on said sealing means is permitted to flow by said at least one additional window to said heat exchanging means, thereby to cool said additional window. 28. A solar energy receiver adapted for use with focused solar radiation from a solar collector, comprising: a hollow housing spaced from said solar collector, said housing having an aperture; a heat exchanger in said housing, spaced from said aperture and having means for conducting a flowing heat transfer medium thereabout from one end thereof to another; means for mounting said housing such that focused solar radiation passes through said aperture and impinges on said heat exchanger; a window disposed in said aperture, said window being heated by said focused radiation; and, means for providing a flowing heat transfer medium within said housing such that said medium flows over said window and about said heat exchanger, such that the same medium cools said window to prevent failure and extracts energy from said heat exchanger. 29. A solar energy receiver adapted for use with focused solar radiation from a solar collector, comprising: a hollow housing spaced from said solar collector, said housing having an aperture; a heat exchanger in said housing and spaced from said aperture for heating up a heat transfer medium; means for mounting said housing such that focused solar radiation passes through said aperture and impinges on said heat exchanger; a window disposed in said aperture and heated by said focused radiation; and, means for flowing a portion of said heat transfer medium over said window to cool said window to prevent failure and to present said portion to said heat exchanger after it flows over said window. 