For use in combination with a heat engine, a thermal energy transformer comprising a flux receiver having a first wall defining therein a radiation absorption cavity for converting solar flux to thermal energy characterized by a first wall defining a radiation absorption cavity having a solar flux entry aperture, and a second wall defining an energy transfer wall for the heat engine, and a heat pipe chamber interposed between the first and second walls having a working fluid disposed within the chamber and a wick lining the chamber for conducting the working fluid from the second wall to the first wall, whereby thermal energy is transferred from the radiation absorption cavity to the heat engine.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In an energy transformer system for deriving thermal energy from incident solar flux and transferring the derived energy to a heat responsive system, the improvement comprising: A. a flux receiver including a curved wall formed of a heat conductive metal defining a radiation absorption cavity characterized by an internal surface, an external surface, and a flux acceptance aperture; B. a heat transfer wall for heat responsive means; C. means mounting said receiver on said heat transfer wall; and D. means defining between the external surface of said radiation absorption cavity and said heat transfer wall, a heat pipe chamber communicating with the curved wall and the heat transfer wall for transferring thermal energy from said cavity to said heat responsive means. 2. The improvement of claim 1 wherein said curved wall includes within the cavity a coating deposited on the wall for forming a black body cavity. 3. The improvement of claim 2 wherein the heat pipe chamber comprises a closed chamber and includes means defining therein a wick extended along the surface of the walls for conducting a working fluid from the heat transfer wall to the curved wall. 4. The improvement of claim 3 wherein said wick comprises a ceramic coating deposited on the surfaces of said walls and said working fluid comprises liquid sodium. 5. The improvement of claim 1 further comprising an optic system for focusing a beam of solar flux on said aperture. 6. In combination with a heat operated engine including an expansion chamber, a thermal energy transformer for delivering to the heat operated engine thermal energy derived from solar flux, comprising: A. a flux receiver having a first wall formed of heat conductive material defining a radiation absorption cavity for converting solar flux to thermal energy, and means defining for said cavity a solar flux entry aperture; B. means mounting said flux receiver on a second wall comprising an energy input wall for said heat engine; and C. means defining between said first wall and said second wall a heat pipe chamber simultaneously communicating with said radiation absorption cavity and said expansion chamber through said first wall and said second wall. 7. The solar thermal energy transformer of claim 6 wherein said radiation absorption cavity comprises a black body cavity, and said heat pipe chamber comprises a closed chamber confining therein a working fluid and a wick lining the chamber adapted to conduct said working fluid from the second wall to the first wall. 8. The solar thermal energy transformer of claim 7 wherein said wick comprises a coating of ceramic material and said working fluid comprises vaporizable sodium liquid. 9. The solar thermal energy transformer of claim 8 further comprising an optic system for directing a beam of solar energy on the aperture for said cavity. 10. The solar thermal energy transformer of claim 9 wherein the focal length of the optic system is substantially one-half the diameter of the cavity, the diameter of the aperture is smaller than the diameter of the cavity, and the plane of the virtual image of the sun is coincident with the entry plane of the aperture. 