A solar energy collector for the entrapment of radiant energy from the sun or other energy source and the conversion thereof to usable heat energy comprises a radiant energy-transmitting cover panel assembly having an edge rail attached to at least a portion thereof and a radiant energy absorber held in spaced relation by a structural chassis side wall member having a channel portion adapted to receive and non-rigidly hold the edge rail of the cover panel assembly and allow for free linear and lateral expansion thereof.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy collector comprising: A. a box-like structure including side walls, a chassis back panel and an open top; B. a substantially rectangular cover panel assembly for totally covering said open top and being capable of transmitting solar energy and having an edge rail along two opposing edges thereof, each of said edge rails comprising a protrusion or deformation and forming the edge of said cover panel; C. a solar energy absorber panel, approximately co-extensive with the cover panel assembly and positioned within said collector; D. two of said side walls being defined by opposing structural chassis side wall members, each having an upper channel portion with an opening along one side of the channel portion, the openings of said chassis side wall members being positioned to face each other to support the cover panel therebetween, each of said channels being of suitable interior dimension to enclose and retain but non-rigidly engage the edge rail of the cover panel assembly. 2. A solar energy collector according to claim 1 wherein the structural chassis side wall members each have a lower slotted flange adapted to receive and hold the energy absorber panel in spaced relation to the cover panel assembly. 3. A solar energy collector according to claim 2 wherein each structural chassis side wall member is characterized by a mounting flange on the opposite side of the channel portion thereof, the mounting flange being adapted for mounting on framing members of a frame building. 4. A solar energy collector according to claim 3 wherein the mounting flange is characterized by one or more openings for the insertion of fastening means. 5. A solar collector according to claim 4 wherein said openings are in the form of slots to allow free linear expansion of the side wall member relative to a building framing member to which the mounting flange is attached. 6. A solar energy collector according to claim 2 wherein the cover panel assembly comprises an outer transparent or translucent pane and an inner transparent or translucent sheet and an intermediate transparent or translucent pleated film space element. 7. A solar energy collector according to claim 6 wherein the outer pane is a fiberglass-reinforced polyester. 8. A solar energy collector according to claim 7 wherein the inner sheet and the intermediate pleated film spacer element are each polyvinyl fluoride. 9. A solar energy collector according to claim 8 wherein the cover panel assembly is in the form of a panel which is concave in a direction inward from the absorber panel. 