A system for storing in a liquid storage medium a substantial part of the heat for a building. The liquid is contained within a large, vertical, cylindrical tank and is circulated to heat-receiving, or solar heated, structures and back to the tank. The stored heat is transferred to the building by forcing air through a limited passageway of which the cylindrical wall of the tank forms at least a major part. The tank wall thus becomes a major heat-exchanger. The air to be heated flows from a cooler to a warmer part of the tank surface and is then ducted throughout the building. The space within the tank is divided by an internal, heat-insulating, submersible barrier into a smaller, upper section in a larger, lower section. A hot water tank is suspended in the upper section, and the liquid in the upper section is maintained hotter than in the lower section, by additional solar panels, if necessary. The evaporator of a heat pump may be immersed in the lower section to facilitate transfer of heat to the forced air system even when the liquid in the lower section is not sufficiently hot to heat the air by direct contact between the air and the tank wall. The heat pump can also act as an air conditioner in the hot weather. Duct dampers and controls direct the air flow to provide temperature and humidity control under all conditions of solar heat supply or air conditioning. The building may be firmly connected to and preferably constructed around the tank to anchor the building solidly in place against winds of normally dangerous force.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. The combination comprising: a hollow upright tank adapted to contain water; a heat insulative barrier dividing the tank into an upper tank section and a lower tank section; an intermediate circumferential hollow duct encompassing the tank in the general area of the barrier; an upper circumferential hollow duct encompassing the upper tank section and located spacedly from and upwardly of the intermediate circumferential duct; a lower circumferential hollow duct encompassing the lower tank section and located spacedly from and downwardly of the intermediate circumferential duct; an upper enclosure of heat insulative material, encompassing the upper tank section and spaced therefrom between the intermediate and upper circumferential ducts, defining an upper air channel that is in communication with the intermediate and upper circumferential ducts; a lower enclosure of heat insulative material, encompassing the lower tank section and spaced therefrom between the intermediate and lower circumferential ducts, defining a lower air channel that is in communication with the intermediate and lower circumferential ducts; a duct system in communication with all of the circumferential ducts so constituted as to provide air communication from the exterior space outside of the tank; force applying means for forcing air through the duct system, the circumferential ducts and the air channels; and selector means so adjusting the force applying means and/or the duct system as to selectively force the air from said space through a selected circumferential duct, then through a selected air channel, and then through a different selected circumferential duct back to said space, the flow of the air through the selected air channel enabling a heat transfer to take place between the water in the tank section encompassed by the selected air channel and the air flowing through the selected air channel. 2. The combination of claim 1 further comprising: heat conductive spacer means attached to the outer wall of each tank section and extending outwardly therefrom to engage the inwardly facing surface of its associated enclosure. 3. The combination of claim 2 in which each enclosure comprises a layer of insulating material would around its associated spacer means and resting on the outer parts of its associated spacer means. 4. The combination of claim 3 in which the tank is generally cylindrical and the spacer means comprises a plurality of elongated heat conductive fins attached to the outer, generally cylindrical surface of the tank. 5. The combination of claim 1 comprising, in addition, a rigid support floor mounting the tank. 6. The combination of claim 1 further comprising: a hot water tank suspended in the upper tank section. 7. The combination of claim 1 wherein the duct system comprises: elongated hollow air duct means so attached to said tank as to be in substantially air tight communication with all of said circumferential ducts; and air distribution duct means communicating with said space and in substantially air tight communication with said elongated duct means. 8. The combination of claim 7 wherein said elongated duct means comprises: a first elongated duct in communication with a first of the circumferential ducts; and a second elongated duct in communication with a second of the circumferential ducts; said first and second elongated ducts being in communication with each other at a juncture; wherein said force applying means comprises a fan; and wherein said selector means comprises: means so mounting the fan at the juncture as to selectively force air through the first or the second elongated duct; and wherein said duct system further comprises: an air inlet in communication with said juncture. 9. The combination of claim 1 further comprising: a first pipe extending into the tank from its top and terminating at its lower end near the bottom of the lower tank section; a second pipe extending into the tank from its top and terminating at its lower end just below said barrier; a third pipe extending into the tank from its top and terminating at its lower end just above the barrier; a fourth pipe extending into the tank from its top and terminating at its lower end above the lower end of the third pipe; means for circulating relatively low temperature water into the lower tank section through the first and second pipes; and means for circulating relatively high temperature water into the upper tank section through the third and fourth pipes. 10. The combination of claim 9 wherein said means for circulating the low temperature water comprises: first solar panel means including a first water channel in communication with said first and second pipes; first pumping means for forcing water from the first pipe through the first channel to the second pipe; second solar panel means including a second water channel in communication with said third and fourth pipes; second pumping means for forcing water from the third pipe through the second channel to the fourth pipe; and means so constructing the solar panel means as to cause the first solar panel means to heat water to a lower temperature than the second solar panel means. 11. The combination of claim 10 further comprising: a connection between said second and third pipes; and a valve at the juncture of the second pipe and the connection so constructed as to control the amount of water flowing from the second pipe through the connection into the third pipe. 12. The combination of claim 1 further comprising: a combustion structure mechanically attached to the tank and comprising an elongated chimney extending substantially parallel to said tank; and a heat exchanger comprising a coil of hollow metal tubing having a coil axis substantially parallel to the direction of elongation of the chimney, said coil being mounted near the upper end of the chimney and being connected to exchange fluid with the tank. 13. The combination of claim 1 further comprising: a compressor and a condenser connected thereto, the compressor and the condenser being mechanically mounted at one end of the tank; and an evaporator physically suspended within the tank so as to be immersed in the water contained in the tank; the evaporator being so connected to the condenser and the compressor as to form therewith a heat pump to remove heat from the water contained in the tank. 