This invention provides a solar energy collector including a Fresnel lens substantially fixed in orientation and position relative to the Earth, a receiver situated at a focal point of the said Fresnel lens, a mounting mechanism which constrains the receiver to move along the focal surface of the Fresnel lens, and orientation means for continually orientating the receiver so that the said receiver remains in a region of high intensity of radiation during periods of direct sunlight. The solar energy collector according to the invention is particularly suitable for inclusion in building structures.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar energy collector including Fresnel lens substantially fixed in orientation and position relative to the Earth, a mounting mechanism capable of movement relative to the Fresnel lens, a receiver supported by the mounting mechanism, the mounting mechanism moving the receiver about an area defined as the surface of a sphere, which area defines the focal surface of the Fresnel lens for direct sunlight, and orientation means for continually orientating the receiver so that said receiver is positioned in a region of high intensity of radiation during the period of direct sunlight. 2. A solar energy collector according to claim 1 wherein the Fresnel lens is a linear Fresnel lens. 3. A solar energy collector according to claim 1 wherein the Fresnel lens is protected from degradation by atmospheric agents by at least one sheet of transparent material. 4. A solar energy collector according to claim 3 in which the protective material incorporates a Fresnel prism. 5. A solar energy collector according to claim 1 wherein the receiver is provided with a means of heat removal. 6. A solar energy collector according to claim 1 wherein the receiver is provided with a black or other absorbent surface to enhance the absorption of solar radiation. 7. A solar energy collector according to claim 1 wherein the receiver includes at least one photovoltaic device for generating an electrical output. 8. A solar energy collector according to claim 7 wherein the photovoltaic device is a silicon photovoltaic device. 9. A solar energy collector according to claim 1 wherein the receiver includes at least one thermoelectric device for generating an electrical output. 10. A solar energy collector according to claim 1 wherein the receiver, when in its operative state, has the property of selective transmission of radiation of different wavelengths. 11. A solar energy collector according to claim 1 wherein the receiver includes a transparent window, capable of protecting any part of the said receiver. 12. A solar energy collector according to claim 1 wherein the orientation means consists of a direction sensor mounted substantially parallel to a line joining the centre of the Fresnel lens to the centre of the receiver. 13. A solar energy collector according to claim 12 wherein the direction sensor includes two pairs of photovoltaic devices whose outputs are amplified and control the orientation of the receiver by means of two servo motors. 14. A solar energy collector according to claim 1 wherein the orientation means comprises a mechanism to permit a periodic adjustment to suit the seasonal variation in the sun's altitude, and a constant angular velocity mechanism to follow the sun's daily apparent motion. 15. A solar energy collector according to claim 1, comprising at least two collectors joined together to form an array, wherein the array of receivers is orientated by a single orientation means, each receiver being mounted on the Fresnel lens by means of linking rods provided with two universal joints, the array of collectors being so joined to the Fresnel lens that the respective rods and joints of the collectors form rows, the universal joints in at least one row permitting rotation about two axes at right angles, a coupling rod extending along the row of universal joints, coupling the universal joints together so as to prevent twisting of the receiver array relative to the array of Fresnel lenses. 16. A solar energy collector according to claim 1, comprising in addition at least one reflecting surface operatively adjacent to the receiver, the reflecting surface being designed and adapted to direct onto the receiver radiation which would otherwise not be intercepted by the receiver. 