A water-borne solar energy collecting and converting system employing an azimuth-tracking, floating platform equipped with reflectors and associated thermal collector tubes.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An improved heat exchange means comprising: a floating platform, an array of juxtapositioned reflectors mounted on the top of said platform, each of said reflectors having a reflecting surface, means for mounting each of said reflectors in a parallel arrangement on said platform, at least one fluid-bearing tube mounted on said platform and extending longitudinally of said reflectors on said platform and approximately disposed with the axis of at least a portion of said tube in the focal zone of at least two of said reflectors, and means for moving said platform along said given path to orient and maintain said platform and said reflectors approximately in a plane containing the sun's center, whereby the reflection of the sun's rays are concentrated by at least two of said reflectors in a line image along said portions of said tube. 2. The improved heat exchange means set forth in claim 1, including: means for adjusting the vertical angle of said reflectors. 3. The improved heat exchange means set forth in claim 1 wherein: said means for mounting each of said reflectors comprises a pivotal mounting means. 4. The improved heat exchange means set forth in claim 3 in further combination with: a second means for moving said reflectors independently of said platform in unison through a similar arc. 5. The improved heat exchange means set forth in claim 1 wherein: at least a part of said platform comprises an expanded polystyrene. 6. The improved heat exchange means set forth in claim 1 wherein: said part of said platform comprises a plurality of sheets secured in a planar arrangement. 7. The improved heat exchange means set forth in claim 6 in further combination with: a frame forming a part of said platform for supporting and holding together said sheets and transmitting the stress caused by rotation of said platform. 8. The improved heat exchange means set forth in claim 1 in further combination with: a reservoir for containing water for floating said platform in, and wherein: said means for positioning said platform for arcuate movement comprises a post secured to the reservoir at a position near its center, said platform arcuately moving around said post. 9. The improved heat exchange means set forth in claim 8 wherein: the movement of said platform is provided by an electrically powered propeller or water jet attached near the periphery of the platform directing force against the body of water on which the platform floats. 10. The improved heat exchange means set forth in claim 1 wherein: said reflectors comprise a plurality of mirrors. 11. The improved heat exchange means set forth in claim 1 wherein: at least the planes of some of said reflectors are positioned at various angular positions with the axis of the sun. 12. The improved heat exchange means set forth in claim 4 wherein: said reflectors comprise a plurality of mirrors. 13. The improved heat exchange means set forth in claim 12 wherein: at least the plane of some of said mirrors are positioned at different angular positions with relation to the axis of the sun. 14. The improved heat exchange means set forth in claim 11 in further combination with: means for simultaneously moving said reflectors through a similar arcuate path to maintain them in a given relationship to the sun. 15. The improved heat exchange means set forth in claim 1 wherein: the body of water on which the collector floats is also used to store thermal energy. 16. The improved heat exchange means set forth in claim 1 wherein: photovoltaic cells are mounted to said tubes which tubes circulate fluid to cool the cells while producing electricity. 