A passive sealed flat plate solar heat collector with an attached reflecting panel for the collection, storage and radiation of solar heat comprising a modular direct solar heat window unit mounted in the side of a building. The window unit comprises a vertically disposed frame having a lower window unit at the lower end thereof and a pair of upper window units positioned above the lower window unit. A first panel member is hingedly secured at its lower end about a horizontal axis to the frame at the lower end thereof and is movable from a closed position adjacent the lower window unit to an open position. In the closed position, the first panel member protects and insulates the lower window unit. In the open position, the reflective inner surface of the first panel member reflects the rays of the sun into the lower window unit which has a solar heat collector positioned inwardly thereof. The first panel member is adjustably positioned in various positions relative to the lower window unit. A second panel member is hingedly secured about a horizontal axis to the upper end of the frame and is movable from a closed position adjacent the upper window units to an open position. In the closed position, the second panel member protects and insulates the upper window units. The second panel member is adjustably positioned in various open positions to provide varying amounts of shade to the upper window units as required. The solar unit is positioned inwardly of the lower window unit and comprises an elongated, hollow, sealed container extending substantially coextensively with the lower window unit. The container has insulation material covering all but the outward side of the container with the insulation material at the inward side of the container being easily removable to permit the heat storage material within the container to radiate heat into the building as desired.
Claims I claim: 1. In combination, a building, a modular direct solar heat window unit mounted in the side of the building, said window unit comprising a vertically disposed frame means having upper and lower ends and spaced-apart sides, a lower window unit at the lower end of said frame means, at least one upper window unit mounted in said frame means above said lower window unit for visibility, a first panel member hingedly secured at its lower end about a horizontal axis to said frame means at the lower end thereof and being movable from a closed position adjacent said lower window unit to an open position, said first panel member having a reflective inner surface, first connection means for adjustably positioning said first panel member in various positions relative to said lower window unit whereby the rays of the sun striking said inner surface may be reflected onto said lower window unit, and a solar heat collector means positioned inwardly of said lower window unit, said collector means comprising an elongated, hollow, sealed container extending substantially co-extensively with said lower window unit, said container comprising two ends, outward and inward sides, and a top and a bottom, insulation material covering all but said outward side of said container, a heat storage material within said container, and means for removably mounting said insulation material which covers said inward side of said container whereby, upon removal, said heat storage material radiates heat into said building. 2. The combination of claim 1 wherein first panel member has insulation material positioned adjacent its outer surface for preventing the escape of radiant heat from said collection means when said first panel member is in its said closed position. 3. The combination of claim 1 wherein said storage material comprises water. 4. The combination of claim 1 wherein said storage material comprises eutectic salt. 