A fixed, linear, ground-based primary reflector having an extended curved sawtooth-contoured surface covered with a metalized polymeric reflecting material, reflects solar energy to a movably supported collector that is kept at the concentrated line focus of the reflector primary. The primary reflector may be constructed by a process utilizing well-known freeway paving machinery. The solar energy absorber is preferably a fluid-transporting pipe. Efficient utilization leading to high temperatures from the reflected solar energy is obtained by cylindrical shaped secondary reflectors that direct off-angle energy to the absorber pipe. To obtain higher temperature levels, refocusing secondary reflectors, that cause a series of discrete spots of highly concentrated solar energy to fall on the fluid-transporting pipe, are utilized. A seriatim arrangement of cylindrical secondary reflector stages and spot-forming reflector stages produces a high temperature solar energy collection system of greater efficiency.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy collecting system, comprising: a stationary segmented reflecting surface of a plurality of segments, each segment having a reflecting surface defined by a portion of the surface of curvature of a cylinder having a certain radius of curvature, said segments being interconnected side by side on a common plane; means for absorbing heat; and means for suspending said heat-absorbing means over said reflecting surface, at a distance equal to one-half the radius of curvature of the cylinder that defines the reflecting surface curvature of each of the segments in the reflecting surface. 2. The solar energy collecting system of claim 1 wherein said heat-absorbing means comprises a fluid-bearing pipe, and said suspending means is operative to shift said pipe to maintain it at the line focus of solar energy reflected from said reflecting surface. 3. The solar energy collecting system of claim 1 wherein said suspending means comprises: a plurality of stanchions linearly aligned with the longitudinal axis of said reflecting surface. 4. The solar energy collecting system of claim 3 wherein said suspending means further comprises: a four-bar linkage arrangement supported by said stanchions and supporting said heat-absorbing means. 5. The solar energy collecting system of claim 1 wherein the individual segments are formed out of concrete; and a light-reflecting sheet material covers said concrete-formed segments. 6. The solar energy collecting system of claim 5 further comprising: vacuum means for holding said reflecting sheet material to the surface of said plurality of cylindrical segments. 7. The solar energy collecting system of claim 6 wherein said vacuum means comprises: a plurality of tubes having orifices therein said tubes being imbedded in said concrete cylindrical segments. 8. A solar energy collecting system, comprising: a stationary segmented reflecting surface of a plurality of segments, each segment having a reflecting surface defined by a portion of the surface of curvature of a cylinder having a certain radius of curvature, said segments being interconnected side by side on a common plane; means for absorbing heat; means for suspending said heat-absorbing means over said reflecting surface at a distance equal to one-half the radius of curvature of the cylinder that defines the reflecting surface curvature of each of the segments in the reflecting surface; and means for refocusing the solar energy from said reflecting surface into a plurality of spot focus points on said heat-absorbing means. 9. The solar energy collecting system of claim 8 wherein said heat-absorbing means, comprises a fluid-bearing pipe, and said suspending means is operative to shift said pipe to maintain it at the line focus of solar energy reflected from said reflecting surface. 10. The solar energy collecting system of claim 8 wherein said suspending means, comprises: a plurality of stanchions linearly aligned with the longitudinal axis of said reflecting surface. 11. The solar energy collecting system of claim 8 wherein said suspending means further comprises: a four-bar linkage arrangement supported by said stanchions and supporting said heat-absorbing means. 12. The solar energy collecting system of claim 8 wherein the individual segments are formed out of concrete; and a light-reflecting sheet material covers said concrete-formed segments. 13. The solar energy collecting system of claim 12 further comprising: vacuum means for holding said reflecting sheet material to the surface of said plurality of cylindrical segments. 14. The solar energy collecting system of claim 13 wherein said vacuum means comprises: a plurality of tubes having orifices therein said tubes being imbedded in said concrete cylindrical segments. 15. The solar energy collecting system of claim 8, further comprising: insulating material convering said heat-absorbing means, said insulating material having recesses therein that expose small areas of said heat-absorbing means. 16. The solar energy collecting system of claim 15 wherein said heat-absorbing means, comprises: a fluid-bearing pipe. 17. The solar energy collecting system of claim 16 wherein said solar energy refocusing means, comprises: a compound curvature reflector having a parabolic curvature along a direction parallel to said pipe and a circular curvature along a direction perpendicular to said pipe. 18. The solar energy collecting system of claim 17 wherein said compound curvature reflector is movably mounted with respect to said pipe, thereby facilitating the maintenance of the spot focus points within said small exposed areas throughout the day. 19. The solar energy collecting system of claim 16 wherein said solar energy refocusing means, comprises: a compound curvature bell-shaped member suspended from said pipe at each of the small exposed areas on said pipe. 20. The solar energy collecting system of claim 19 wherein said bell-shaped member is pointing downwardly from said pipe. 21. The solar energy collecting system of claim 15 wherein the recesses in said insulating material have sloping sides. 22. A solar energy collection system for producing super-heated water comprising a plurality of solar energy collection stages, each stage adapted to be most efficient within its temperature range, a first stage means for raising the temperature of water from ambient to a predetermined efficiency limit by solar energy; a sun-tracking collection system second stage utilizing a fixed linear primary reflector receiving the water from said first stage and raising the temperature of said water; and a sun-tracking collection system third stage utilizing a fixed linear primary reflector and a spot-image-forming secondary reflector receiving the water from said second stage system and adding heat thereto. 23. The solar energy collection system of claim 22 further comprising a fourth stage including a tracking parabolic dish solar energy collection system. 24. A heat-absorbing collector for use in solar energy collection systems, comprising: a cylindrical means for absorbing heat; retroreflecting means for reflecting energy emitted from said heat-absorbing means back to said heat-absorbing means, said retroreflecting means being suspended from said heat-absorbing means and including a plurality of shelves disposed parallel to said heat-absorbing means; and a reflective means lining said plurality of shelves. 25. The heat-absorbing collector of claim 24 wherein said reflective mean comprises a plurality of small glass beads. 26. The heat-absorbing collector of claim 24 wherein said reflective means, comprises a plurality of cube-corner indentations impressed in said shelves. 27. A solar energy collecting system, comprising: a stationary sawtooth reflecting surface located at ground level, said surface made up of a plurality of segments, each segment having a reflecting surface defined by a portion of the surface of curvature of a cylinder having a certain radius of curvature, said segments being interconnected side by side on a common plane; means for absorbing heat; means for suspending said heat-absorbing means over said reflecting surface at a distance equal to one-half the radius of curvature of the cylinder that defines the reflecting surface curvature of each of the segments in the reflecting surface, said suspending means being operative to shift said heat-absorbing means to maintain it at the line focus of solar energy reflected from said reflecting surface; and means responsive to the frequency difference between the light rays incident on said heat-absorbing means and the radiation from said heat-absorbing means for reflecting radiation from said heat-absorbing means back to said heat-absorbing means. 28. The solar energy collecting system of claim 27 further comprising means responsive to the random directionality of the radiation from said heat-absorbing means for reflecting said radiation back to said heat-absorbing means. 29. The solar energy collecting system of claim 27 further comprising means responsive to the frequency difference between the light rays incident on said heat-absorbing means and the infrared radiation from said heat-absorbing means for preventing a substantial portion of said radiation from leaving said heat-absorbing means. 30. A solar energy collection system, comprising: a primary focusing solar energy reflecting surface; a plurality of fluid-bearing pipes; a fluid flowing through said pipes for removing heat energy therefrom; means for suspending said heat energy absorbing means at the focus of said solar reflecting surface; a secondary reflector supportively and rotatably mounting said fluid-bearing pipes, said secondary reflector including means for focusing solar energy from said primary reflector into a plurality of spot focus points on said fluid-bearing pipes; a larger diameter pipe containing a section of said fluid-bearing pipes; a metal hydride contained within said larger diameter pipe outside of said fluid-bearing pipes; and means for removing from said larger diameter pipe the Hydrogen gas generated upon decomposition of the metal hydride. 31. The solar energy collecting system of claim 30 wherein said primary reflecting surface comprises a stationary segmented trough. 32. The solar energy collecting system of claim 31 wherein said segmented trough reflecting surface comprises a plurality of cylindrical segments interconnected, side by side, on a common plane, each cylindrical segment having a radius of curvature that causes light reflected therefrom to intersect at a common focal surface. 33. The solar energy collecting system of claim 30 wherein said heat-absorbing means further comprises: an intake manifold rigidly connecting one end of each of said fluid-bearing pipes together; and an outlet manifold rigidly connecting the other end of each of said fluid-bearing pipes together. 34. The solar energy collecting system of claim 30 wherein said suspending means, comprises: a plurality of stanchions; and a four-bar linkage arrangement supported by each of said stanchions and supporting said secondary solar energy reflector. 35. A heat-absorbing collector for use in solar energy collection systems, comprising: means for absorbing heat; a thin layer of dichroic material on said heat-absorbing means; spot focusing means for focusing parallel sun rays into a spot focus on said heat-absorbing means of said spot focusing means, including an enclosure with a single opening for the sun rays to enter; a transparent window covering said opening and sealing the interior of the enclosure; and the enclosure containing an inert gas. 36. A heat-absorbing collector for use in solar energy collecting systems, comprising: means for absorbing heat; a thin layer of anechoic material on said heat-absorbing means; spot focusing means for focusing parallel sun rays into a spot focus on said heat-absorbing means of said spot focusing means, including an enclosure with a single opening for the sun rays to enter; a transparent window covering said opening and sealing the interior of the enclosure; and the enclosure containing an inert gas. 37. A solar energy collection system, comprising: a primary focusing solar energy reflecting surface; a plurality of fluid-bearing pipes; a fluid flowing through said pipes for removing heat energy therefrom; means for suspending said heat energy absorbing means at the focus of said solar reflecting surface; a secondary reflector supportively and rotatably mounting said fluid-bearing pipes, said secondary reflector including means for focusing solar energy from said primary reflector into a plurality of spot focus points on said fluid-bearing pipes; a larger diameter pipe containing a section of said fluid-bearing pipes; a metal contained within said larger diameter pipe outside of said fluid-bearing pipe; and means for inserting Hydrogen gas into said larger diameter pipe containing said metal. 