An apparatus for concentrating solar energy upon the surface of a collector containing a circulating heat transfer medium, whereby the radiant energy may be absorbed and utilized. The apparatus includes a housing supporting a hemispherical reflector for gathering incident solar radiation and directing the reflected energy upon an arcuate fluid-bearing tubular conduit, which is adjustable seasonally for optimizing collection of solar rays. The geometry of the combination is so arranged that the reflected energy traverses the collector in response to the angle of solar rays falling on the concentrator without need for diurnal tracking.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A non-imaging solar energy collection and concentration apparatus, comprising: a. a housing assembly defining a generally rectangular mounting surface; b. a concentrator element of hemispherical shape, supported within the housing assembly in rigid relationship thereto, having a concave reflecting surface, with the concave surface faced upwardly; c. an arcuate fluid-bearing heat collector element, slidably supported upon the housing assembly and over the reflecting surface of the concentrator element; d. said concentrator element being adapted to reflect incident solar radiation toward an arcuate focal zone; and e. said fluid-bearing heat collector element being positioned at the focal zone of solar radiation reflected from the concentrator surface, and operable to accept and absorb the reflected solar rays; f. said arcuate fluid bearing heat collector element being further disposed within said hemispherical concentrator element, and being substantially parallel with respect to the arcuate portion of the hemispherical-shaped concentrator element. 2. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein the housing assembly comprises a box frame. 3. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein the collector element is mounted on adjustable means for positioning said collector to track the movement of the sun and hence optimize the collection of solar energy regardless of the position of the sun. 4. Apparatus as set forth in claim 3, wherein the adjustable means includes means mounting said collector for seasonal tracking of apparent solar motion. 5. Apparatus as set forth in claim 4, wherein the means for seasonal tracking for apparent solar motion comprises means mounting for movement exclusively in a relative North-South direction. 6. The structure as set forth in claim 1, wherein the heat collector element comprises metal tubing. 7. The structure as set forth in claim 1, wherein the heat collector element comprises a light-transparent tubing. 8. The structure as set forth in claim 1, wherein the heat collector element has a flat surface facing the concentrator. 9. The structure as set forth in claim 1, wherein the reflector surface of said concentrator element is comprised of a plurality of tesselated flat mirrors. 10. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1, further comprising transparent protective cover means overlaying said concentrator. 11. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein the focal point of solar rays reflected from the concentrator element traverses the fluid-bearing heat collector element in response to the travel of the sun across the sky. 12. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein said collector element has a heat absorbing coating. 13. A non-imaging solar energy collection and concentration apparatus, comprising: a. a housing assembly defining a generally rectangular mounting surface; b. a multiplicity of concentrator elements of hemispherical shape, slidably supported within the housing assembly, the concentrator elements each having a concave reflecting surface, with the concave surfaces facing upwardly; c. a multiplicity of arcuate fluid-bearing heat collector elements rigidly supported upon the housing assembly and over the reflecting surfaces of their associated concentrator elements; d. each of the concentrator elements being adapted to reflect incident solar radiation toward an arcuate focal zone; and e. each of said fluid-bearing heat collector elements being positioned respectively at the focal zone of solar radiation reflected from its associated concentrator surface, whereby the energy from the reflected solar rays is accepted and absorbed as the focal point traverses the arcuate collector; f. adjustment means, whereby the plurality of concentrator elements may be positioned in synchronism to track the movement of the sun and hence optimize the collection of solar energy, regardless of the position of the sun during the day; g. each of said arcuate fluid bearing heat collector elements being further disposed within its respective hemispherical concentrator element, and being substantially parallel with respect to the arcuate portion of said concentrator element. 14. The structure of claim 13, wherein said adjustment means comprises means for seasonal tracking movement exclusively in a relative North-South direction. 15. A non-imaging apparatus for collection and concentration of electromagnetic energy, comprising: a. a housing assembly, b. at least one concentrator element of hemispherical shape, having a concave reflecting surface, with the concave surface faced upwardly, c. means for supporting and positioning the concentrator element in relation to the housing, d. at least one arcuate electromagnetic energy collector element, e. means for supporting and positioning the collector element with respect to the concentrator element, f. said concentrator element being adapted to reflect incident electromagnetic radiation towards an arcuate focal zone, and g. said collector element being positioned at the focal zone of radiation reflected from the concentrator surface, and operable to accept and absorb the reflected electromagnetic rays, h. said arcuate energy collector element being further disposed within said hemispherical concentrator element, and being substantially parallel with respect to the arcuate portion of the hemispherical-shaped concentrator element. 