A method and device for teaching the comparative measurement of heat flow through and into selected sample materials. The device includes a container constructed of relatively low heat conductive material and adapted to be partitioned into at least two identical chambers. Means for holding sample materials, filling the identical chambers with insulation, covering the container, heating one chamber of the container, measuring the temperature in the identical chambers, and other means for adapting the device for selected investigations are removably received within the container, making the teaching device flexibly adaptable to a variety of teaching uses. The method for teaching the comparative measurement of heat flow through and into selected materials includes exposing at least one heat receiver to a selected source of radiant energy under selected conditions. The temperature rise in the heat receiver is an indication of the intensity of the energy source and the heat transmitting properties of any sample materials positioned between the energy source and the heat receiver.
Claims I claim: 1. A teaching device for the comparative measurement of heat flow, comprising an open-topped container constructed of relatively low heat conductive material having means for locating an internal partition, at least one partition of selected heat conductivity engageable with the partition locating means in removable relation to divide the container into a variable chamber and a substantially identical control chamber, means for measuring the temperature within each of the identical chambers, and cover means for selectively closing the chambers whereby the device may be used to selectively measure heat flow into and between the identical chambers. 2. The teaching device recited in claim 1 wherein the means for measuring the temperature within each of the identical chambers comprises at least one thermometer, and wherein the container includes at least one thermometer insert port extending through the wall of the container in communication with the interior of each chamber, each insert port being adapted to receive and position the thermometer to indicate the interior temperature of the chamber. 3. The teaching device recited in claim 1 wherein the means for measuring the temperature within each of the identical chambers comprises at least one thermometer, and wherein the cover means includes at least one thermometer insert port extending through the cover means in communication with the interior of each chamber when the cover means is closed, each insert port being adapted to receive and position the thermometer to indicate the interior temperature of the chamber. 4. The teaching device recited in claim 1 wherein the cover means is constructed of relatively low heat conductive material and combines with the partition to prevent communication between the two chambers, and wherein means for heating one of the chambers is located within the chamber when the cover is closed whereby by monitoring the temperature changes in the two identical chambers the heat transmitting properties of the partition may be measured. 5. The teaching device recited in claim 4 wherein the partition comprises means for positioning a sample of material between the two chambers whereby the relative heat transmitting properties of the sample material may be measured. 6. The teaching device recited in claim 5 wherein the means for positioning a sample comprises two, rigid, parallel grids and a frame engaging the two, rigid grids in spaced relation and substantially closing the margins of the space between them to retain a nonrigid, solid sample therebetween. 7. The teaching device recited in claim 5 wherein the means for positioning a sample comprises two rigid, fluid-impermeable, parallel sides and a frame engaging the two sides in spaced relation and substantially closing the margins of the space between them to retain a fluid sample therebetween. 8. The teaching device recited in claim 1 including means for covering the open tops of the two chambers with sample materials of selected heat transmitting properties, a sun screen to selectively shade the device from the direct rays of the sun, and means for indicating the orientation of the tops of the chambers relative to the rays of the sun whereby the relative heat transmitting properties of the sample materials in response to direct solar radiation may be determined. 9. The teaching device of claim 8 wherein the means for covering the open tops of the two chambers with sample materials comprises: (a) at least one sample holding frame for removable engagement with the top edges of the walls of each chamber to selectively define the effective margins of the open top of each chamber, the frame being further adapted to engage and retain panels of rigid sample materials extending across the open top of the chamber, and (b) at least one fabric sample holder nestable within the inside surface of the sample holding frame to engage a fabric sample between the sample holding frame and the fabric sample holder whereby the fabric sample will extend across the open top of the chamber. 10. The teaching device recited in claim 1 including insulating means for filling the variable chamber and control chamber, each insulating means being adapted to hold a receiving sample in fixed position within the chamber; a collimating tube locatable within the insulating means of the variable chamber to allow a receiving sample in that chamber to be exposed to the parallel rays of the sun while being screened from most scattered solar radiation; and wherein the means for measuring the temperature within each of the identical chambers may be so located as to independently measure the temperature of each receiving sample whereby the effect of direct solar beam radiation may be observed. 11. The teaching device recited in claim 10 including a second collimating tube which may be oriented parallel to the axis of the collimating tube of the variable chamber and located in the insulating means of the control chamber so as to allow a receiving sample in the control chamber to be exposed to the parallel rays of the sun while being screened from most scattered solar radiation, and means for holding a sample of selected material to be tested over the end of the collimating tube of the variable chamber whereby the temperature changes in the two receiving samples will indicate the heat transmitting properties of the sample material. 12. The teaching device recited in claim 1 including insulating means for filling the variable chamber and the control chamber, means within the insulating means for holding receiving samples, and a reflecting cover plate for covering the top surface of each insulating means when placed within each respective chamber, the reflecting cover plate for the variable chamber having an aperture which extends therethrough to permit a receiving sample held by the holding means to be positioned flush with the upper surface of the reflecting cover plate. 13. A method for teaching the comparative measurement of heat flow which comprises: (a) placing a first receiving sample into a first insulating means in the first chamber of an open topped container having means for locating an internal partition wherein a partition is engaged to divide the container into identical chambers, (b) placing a second identical receiving sample in a second identical insulating means in a second identical chamber of the container, (c) selectively exposing the receiving samples to a source of radiant energy, and (d) measuring the temperature changes in the receiving samples to determine the relative heat flow to each receiving sample. 14. The method for teaching the comparative measurement of heat flow recited in claim 13 wherein the step of selectively exposing the receiving samples to a source of radiant energy comprises: (a) placing a collimating tube in the first insulating means whereby an area of the surface of the first receiving sample may be exposed to the parallel rays of the sun, while being screened from most scattered solar radiation, (b) orienting the container so that the axis of the collimating tube is parallel to the rays of the sun, and (c) exposing the container and its contents to the rays of the sun whereby the effect of direct solar beam radiation on the temperature of the exposed sample may be observed. 15. The method for teaching the comparative measurement of heat flow recited in claim 13 wherein the step of selectively exposing the receiving samples to a source of radiant energy comprises: (a) covering the first insulating means with a first reflecting cover plate which contains a circular aperture substantially identical in cross section to the end of the first receiving sample, (b) holding the first receiving sample in the first insulating means so that the end of the receiving sample extends through the circular aperature and is flush with the top surface of the first reflecting cover plate, (c) covering a second insulating means with a second reflecting cover plate, (d) holding a second identical receiving sample in the second insulating means so that the top surface of the second receiving sample is flush with the under side of the second reflecting cover plate but is otherwise in a location that corresponds to that of the first receiving sample, and (e) exposing the container and its contents at a selected angle to the rays of the sun whereby the effect of direct solar radiation on the exposed sample may be observed. 16. The method for teaching the comparative measurement of heat flow recited in claim 13 wherein the step of selectively exposing the receiving samples to a source of radiant energy comprises: (a) placing identical collimating tubes in parallel orientation to each other in the first and the second insulating means whereby the first and the second receiving sample may be exposed to the parallel rays of the sun while being screened from most scattered solar radiation, (b) completely covering the end of the first collimating tube with a sample of material to be studied, and (c) exposing the container and its contents at a selected angle to the rays of the sun whereby the temperature changes in the two receiving samples will indicate the heat transmitting properties of the sample material. 17. A method for teaching the comparative measurement of the heat transmitting properties of materials comprising: (a) holding a first sample so that it completely covers the open top of a first chamber of a container constructed of material of relatively low heat conductivity and having a plurality of identical, open-topped chambers, (b) holding at least one other sample so that it completely covers the open top of another identical chamber of the container, (c) exposing the container and its contents at a selected angle to the rays of the sun, and (d) measuring the temperature changes within the identical chambers whereby the relative heat transmitting properties of the sample materials in response to direct solar radiation may be observed. 18. A method for teaching the measurement of the heat transmitting properties of materials comprising: (a) locating a partition substantially composed of the material to be studied inside a covered container constructed of material of relatively low heat conductivity so that the container is divided by the partition into two noncommunicating chambers, (b) locating a heat source in one of the chambers, and (c) measuring the temperature rise in both chambers whereby the heat transmitting properties of the material of which the partition is composed may be measured. 19. An educational kit for teaching the characteristics of heat flow comprising: (a) a rectangular box including two sides, two end walls and a base, the box having partition receiving means formed therein to receive a partition parallel to and midway between the end walls, the box also having insert ports formed therein, each adapted to receive a thermometer therethrough, (b) closure means to close the top of the box, the closure means also having insert ports formed therein, (c) heating means positioned in the box on a first side of the partition receiving means, (d) a pair of thermometers adapted to be inserted through a pair of the insert ports so as to be positioned on opposite sides of the partition receiving means, and (e) a set of partitions of varying heat transmissivity, each adapted to be selectively inserted into the partition receiving means in the box to thermally partition the box into two chambers. 20. An educational kit as claimed in claim 19 wherein the kit further includes a set of insulating blocks adapted to be received in the chambers in the box, at least two of the blocks having vertically aligned cylindrical apertures and thermometer insert channels formed in them, and a pair of metal receiving samples adapted to be received in the cylindrical apertures in the insulating blocks. 21. An educational kit as claimed in claim 20 wherein the kit further includes at least one collimating tube supportable by one of the insulating blocks and adapted to transmit direct sunlight to one of the metal receiving samples. 22. An educational kit as claimed in claim 19 wherein the kit further includes, (a) at least one sample holding frame adapted to position materials of varying heat transmissivity across the tops of at least one of the chambers, and (b) a sun screen to selectively shade the box and samples from direct solar radiation. 23. An educational kit as claimed in claim 19 including a collimating guide means for orienting the position of the box relative to incident solar radiation. 