A prismatic plate is mounted with its flat face exposed to the sun on a reflector panel for use in a solar energy collection system. The plate includes a plurality of triangular prisms with parallel longitudinal axes shaped to provide total internal reflection of incident light rays. Each prism has a cross section forming a right-angled isosceles triangle with the two equal-length, rear faces of the prism oriented at 45 degrees relative to the front face of the plate. The base of each prism forms or is parallel to a front plate surface which receives incident solar light rays. The rays are transmitted through the plate cross section without refraction in the plane of the cross section to be reflected from the two rear faces and back out the front face toward a solar receiver. The prism material has an index of refraction equal to or greater than the square root of two so that there is total internal reflection from the prism faces. The prismatic plate is mounted on a movable heliostat panel controlled by a tracking system to reflect to a solar receiver. The panel has a fixed axis directed toward a central receiver and a moving axis orthogonal to the fixed axis. The prismatic plate is mounted on the panel with the longitudinal axes of the prisms perpendicular to the moving axis. Tracking is accomplished by adjusting the panel orientation so that the plane of incidence of the incident solar rays is parallel to the longitudinal axes of the prisms and also so that the reflected solar rays intercept the receiver.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Apparatus for reflecting and concentrating solar rays in a solar energy collection system, comprising a receiver for collecting said reflected solar rays, and a prism member having an index of refraction equal to or greater than the square root of two to provide total internal reflection of incident solar rays toward said receiver, said prism member including a first face for receiving the incident solar rays and transmitting the rays through the prism member, and a plurality of pairs of prism faces each pair being oriented at substantially 90 degrees relative to each other to totally reflect each transmitted ray back through said first face to the receiver in a plane of reflection parallel to the plane of incidence of the corresponding incident ray. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said prism member comprises a unitary plate having a first transparent flat, front surface to receive the incident solar rays and a second prismatic rear surface, each said pair of prism faces forming an equal-sized right angle triangle in cross section. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said prism member comprises a plurality of separate triangular prisms having parallel longitudinal axes, the base of each prism lying along a common line to form said first face and the sides of each prism forming one of said pair of prism faces. 4. Apparatus for reflecting and concentrating solar rays in a solar power tower energy collection system, comprising a stationary receiver in a solar power tower for collecting said reflected solar rays, and a prismatic heliostat member having an index of refraction equal to or greater than the square root of two to provide total internal reflection of incident solar rays toward said receiver, said prismatic heliostat member including a first face for receiving the incident solar rays and transmitting the rays through the heliostat member, and a plurality of pairs of prism faces each pair being oriented at substantially 90 degrees relative to each other to totally reflect each transmitted ray back through said first face to the receiver in a plane of reflection parallel to the plane of incidence of the corresponding incident ray. 5. In a solar energy collection system for focusing the solar energy to reflect solar rays to a central location, the combination comprising a central receiver positioned at the central location to collect the focused solar energy, and a reflective surface for focusing the solar energy comprising a unitary transparent uncoated plate of material having an index of refraction equal to or greater than the square root of two, said plate having a smooth front surface, an intermediate thickness and a prism-shaped back surface, said back surface having a plurality of triangular prisms with parallel longitudinal axes, each prism having a cross section forming an isosceles, right-angle triangle with first and second sides oriented at substantially 45 degrees relative to the front surface, whereby solar rays incident to the front surface are transmitted through the intermediate thickness, totally internally reflected from the first side and the second side and transmitted back through the intermediate thickness and out the front surface to the receiver. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein said plate material comprises extruded acrylic plastic. 7. In a solar energy collection system for focusing solar energy to reflect solar rays from a heliostat panel to a solar power tower, the combination comprising a central stationary receiver positioned in the solar power tower to collect the focused solar energy, and a reflective surface on the heliostat panel for focusing the solar energy comprising a unitary transparent uncoated plate of material having an index of refraction equal to or greater than the square root of two, said plate having a smooth front surface, an intermediate thickness and a prism-shaped back surface, said back surface having a plurality of triangular prisms with parallel longitudinal axes, each prism having a cross section forming an isosceles, right-angle triangle with first and second sides oriented at substantially 45 degrees relative to the front surface, whereby solar rays incident to the front surface are transmitted through the intermediate thickness, totally internally reflected from the first side and the second side and transmitted back through the intermediate thickness and out the front surface to the receiver of the solar power tower. 8. In a solar energy collection system having a reflective surface for focusing the solar energy at a central location, and a solar receiver positioned at the central location to collect the focused solar energy, the improvement wherein said reflective surface comprises a prism member having an index of refraction equal to or greater than the square root of two to provide total internal reflection of incident solar rays, said prism member including a first face for receiving the incident solar rays and transmitting the rays through the prism member, and a plurality of pairs of prism faces each pair being oriented at substantially 45 degrees relative to the first face and at substantially 90 degrees relative to each other to totally reflect each transmitted ray back through said first face to the solar receiver in a plane of reflection parallel to the plane of incidence of the corresponding incident ray. 9. A solar energy conversion system for intercepting, reflecting and collecting solar rays to generate useful energy comprising: reflecting means including a panel having a transparent front surface for receiving incident solar rays and a rear surface forming a plurality of prismatic faces having parallel longitudinal axes and being oriented for total internal reflection of the rays transmitted through the panel from the front surface to transmit the rays back through the front surface in a plane parallel to the plane of the incident solar rays; support means for carrying said panel and for orienting said panel to maintain the plane of incidence of the solar rays parallel to the longitudinal axes of the prismatic faces to transmit the reflected rays in a predetermined direction; and receiver means positioned to intercept the rays transmitted in said predetermined direction to absorb the rays and convert the solar energy from the rays to usable energy. 10. The system of claim 9 wherein said support means comprises a heliostat structure and tracking system and wherein said receiver means comprises a central tower having a stationary receiver at the top of the tower. 11. The system of claim 9 wherein said support means comprises a parabolic cylindrically-shaped trough structure and tracking system and wherein said receiver means comprises a linear absorbing receiver spaced from and running parallel to the longitudinal axis of the parabolic trough structure. 12. The system of claim 9 wherein said support means comprises a paraboloidal-shaped structure and tracking system and wherein said receiver means comprises a point absorbing receiver centrally located and spaced from the center of the paraboloidal-shaped structure. 13. A solar energy conversion system for intercepting, reflecting and collecting solar rays to generate useful energy comprising: reflecting means including a panel having a transparent front surface for receiving incident solar rays and a rear surface forming a plurality of prismatic faces having parallel longitudinal axes and being oriented for total internal reflection of the rays transmitted through the panel from the front surface to transmit the rays back through the front surface in a plane parallel to the plane of the incident solar rays; support means for carrying said panel and for orienting said panel to maintain the plane of incidence of the solar rays parallel to the longitudinal axes of the prismatic faces to transmit the reflected rays in a predetermined direction, said support means comprising a paraboloidal-shaped structure and tracking system; and receiver means comprising a point absorbing receiver centrally located and spaced from the center of the paraboloidal-shaped structure to intercept the rays transmitted in said predetermined direction to absorb the rays and convert the solar energy from the rays to usable energy. 14. A solar power tower energy conversion system for intercepting, reflecting and collecting solar rays to generate useful energy comprising: reflecting means including a panel having a transparent front surface for receiving incident solar rays and a rear surface forming a plurality of prismatic faces having parallel longitudinal axes and being oriented for total internal reflection of the rays transmitted through the panel from the front surface to transmit the rays back through the front surface in a plane parallel to the plane of the incident solar rays; heliostat structure for carrying said panel and for orienting said panel to maintain the plane of incidence of the solar rays parallel to the longitudinal axes of the prismatic faces to transmit the reflected rays in a predetermined direction; and a central tower having a stationary receiver positioned to intercept the rays transmitted in said predetermined direction to absorb the rays and convert the solar energy from the rays to usable energy. 15. The system of claim 14 wherein said panel is curved along the longitudinal axes of the prisms to enhance focusing of said solar rays on said stationary receiver. 16. A system for use in the reflection of solar rays to a solar energy receiver, comprising: a reflector panel for intercepting the solar rays and reflecting the intercepted solar rays to the receiver, said panel having a transparent front surface for receiving the solar rays and a back surface forming a plurality of prisms having parallel longitudinal axes and having a configuration to totally internally reflect to the solar energy receiver a light ray transmitted through the panel from the front surface having a plane of incidence parallel to the longitudinal axes of the prisms; support means for mounting said reflector panel and for rotating said panel about multiple axes; and tracking means for controlling said support means to maintain the orientation of said panel so that the plane of incidence of the solar rays is parallel to the longitudinal axes of the prisms and the reflected solar rays intercept the solar energy receiver. 17. The system of claim 16 wherein said prisms form isosceles, right-angle triangles in cross section, the sides being oriented at 45 degrees relative to the front surface. 18. The system of claim 16 wherein said panel is substantially flat for use in a heliostat reflector system. 19. The system of claim 16 wherein said panel is slightly curved along the longitudinal axes of the prisms to provide focusing of said solar rays at the receiver. 20. The system of claim 16 wherein said panel is substantially curved along the longitudinal axes of the prisms to form a parabolic cylinder for use in a trough collector system. 21. The system of claim 16 wherein said panel is curved along the longitudinal axes of the prisms to form a paraboloid for use in a paraboloidal concentrator system. 22. The system of claim 16 wherein said support means comprises means for rotating the panel about a first fixed axis directed toward the receiver, and means for rotating the panel about a second variable axis orthogonal with the first fixed axis, and wherein said panel is mounted on said support means with the longitudinal axes of the prisms perpendicular to the second variable axis. 23. The system of claim 16 wherein said tracking means comprises data processing means for computing the position of the sun relative to said panel and for generating a first signal representative of the computed position of the sun, error correcting means for sensing the position of the sun relative to said panel and for generating a second signal representative of the actual position of the sun, and control means for actuating said support means in response to said first and second signals. 24. A system for use in the reflection of solar rays to a solar energy receiver, comprising: a reflector panel for intercepting the solar rays and reflecting the intercepted solar rays to the receiver, said panel having a transparent front surface for receiving the solar rays and a back surface forming a plurality of prisms having parallel longitudinal axes and having a configuration to totally internally reflect a light ray transmitted through the panel from the front surface having a plane of incidence parallel to the longitudinal axes of the prisms, said panel being curved along the longitudinal axes of the prisms to form a paraboloid for use in a paraboloidal concentrator system; support means for mounting said reflector panel and for rotating said panel about multiple axes; and tracking means for controlling said support means to maintain the orientation of said panel so that the plane of incidence of the solar rays is parallel to the longitudinal axes of the prisms and the reflected solar rays intercept the solar energy receiver. 25. A system for use in the reflection of solar rays to a solar energy receiver in a solar power tower, comprising: a heliostat reflector panel for intercepting the solar rays and reflecting the intercepted solar rays to the receiver, said panel having a transparent front surface for receiving the solar rays and a back surface forming a plurality of prisms having parallel longitudinal axes and having a configuration to totally internally reflect to the solar energy receiver a light ray transmitted through the panel from the front surface having a plan of incidence parallel to the longitudinal axes of the prisms; support means for mounting said heliostat reflector panel and for rotating said panel about multiple axes; and tracking means for controlling said support means, including means for orienting said heliostat panel so that the plane of incidence of the solar rays is parallel to the longitudinal axes of the prisms and means for orienting said heliostat panel so that the reflected solar rays are intercepted by the solar energy receiver of said solar power tower. 26. The system of claim 25 wherein said panel is curved along the longitudinal axes of the prisms to enhance focusing of said solar rays on said solar energy receiver. 27. A method of tracking the sun with a reflector panel having a plurality of prisms with parallel longitudinal axes to reflect incident solar rays to a solar energy receiver, comprising: orienting the panel relative to the incident solar rays so that the plane of incidence of the solar rays is parallel to the longitudinal axes of the prisms to totally internally reflect the rays; and orienting the panel relative to the receiver so that the receiver intercepts the totally internally reflected solar rays. 28. The method of claim 27 wherein the panel is oriented relative to the receiver by rotating the panel about a first axis until the receiver lies within a plane of reflection of the totally internally reflected solar rays, and then rotating the panel about a second axis until the receiver intercepts the totally internally reflected solar rays. 29. A method of tracking the sun with a heliostat reflector panel having a plurality of prisms with parallel longitudinal axes to reflect incident solar rays to a stationary solar energy receiver in a solar power tower, comprising: orienting the heliostat panel relative to the incident solar rays so that the plane of incidence of the solar rays is parallel to the longitudinal axes of the prisms to totally internally reflect the rays; and orienting the heliostat panel relative to the stationary receiver so that the receiver intercepts the totally internally reflected solar rays. 30. A method of tracking the sun with a reflector panel having a plurality of prisms with parallel longitudinal axes to reflect incident solar rays to a radiation receiver, comprising: rotating said panel about a first axis directed toward the receiver to position the surface normal vector of the panel in a plane common to the incident solar rays, the center of the panel and the center of the receiver, and rotating said panel about a second axis perpendicular to the first axis and to the longitudinal axes of the prisms to direct the solar rays to the receiver. 