A solar energy collector comprising a pair of manifolds for coupling one or more solar energy collectors thereto. The manifolds are provided with connectors including "O" ring sealing means for slideably receiving and connecting the open ends of collector tubes thereto. The manifolds are maintained within housings filled with foam insulation means for supporting the manifolds within the housings. Mounting brackets are coupled to the housings for facilitating securement of the housings to any suitable supporting surface. The housings and their respective manifolds are designed and arranged so as to facilitate simple and rapid installation, removal and reassembly of the collector tubes and may be spaced so as to accommodate tubes of varying lengths.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A manifold assembly for solar energy collectors comprising: an elongated manifold for coupling the collectors at spaced intervals along the length of the manifold; an elongated housing section enclosing said manifold and having a main intermediate wall and first and second sidewalls integrally joined to opposite ends of said main intermediate wall whereby said main intermediate wall defines an elongated closed side of said housing section and the free ends of said housing section define an elongated open side through which the collectors may extend, while said main intermediate wall and side walls collectively define first and section open ends; said section having fastener receiving portions extending the length of said housing section and arranged at spaced intervals along one surface of said section; an end mounting bracket for securement to said first end of said housing section, said end mounting bracket having a first bracket arm positioned against said first end and including support means for supporting the end of said manifold adjacent said first end of said housing section; openings provided in said first bracket arm each being aligned with one of said fastener receiving portions; threaded fastening members being inserted through each of said openings for threadedly engaging of said fastener receiving portions to firmly secure said first bracket arm to said housing section; and said mounting bracket having a second bracket arm for joining said mounting bracket to a supporting surface. 2. The manifold assembly of claim 1 wherein the exterior side of said main intermediate wall is provided with a pair of spaced longitudinal grooves, each of said grooves having a pair of projections extending over the open end of said groove for slidably receiving threaded nuts conforming to the cross-sectional shape of said groove and slidable therealong to any desired position. 3. The manifold assembly of claim 2 further comprising an intermediate wall bracket having a bracket arm provided with openings arranged to overlie said longitudinal grooves when said intermediate wall bracket arm is positioned against the exterior side of said main intermediate wall; and threaded fastening members inserted through said intermediate wall bracket arm openings for firmly securing said intermediate wall bracket arm to said main intermediate wall at any desired location along the length of said housing section. 4. The manifold assembly of claim 1 wherein said elongated manifold comprises a manifold tube centrally arranged within said housing section and having a longitudinal axis generally parallel to said main intermediate wall; wherein said manifold assembly further includes a plurality of coupler tubes joined to said manifold tube at spaced intervals therealong so that the interiors of said coupler tubes communicate with the interior of said manifold tube; and wherein said support means on said first bracket arm of said end mounting bracket comprises a tube opening through which said end of said manifold tube adjacent to said first end of said housing section extends and means mounted to said first bracket arm adjacent said tube opening for securing said end of said manifold tube passing through said opening to said end mounting bracket. 5. The manifold assembly of claim 4 wherein said said first and second sidewalls further include first interior grooves arranged to face one another and being in alignment; and wherein said manifold assembly further includes an elongated cover plate having its opposite longitudinal edges slidably mounted within said first interior grooves, said cover plate having a plurality of openings arranged at spaced intervals along said plate, each opening being aligned with one of said coupler tubes. 6. The manifold assembly of claim 5 wherein said cover plate further comprises flexible annular shaped resilient gasket members secured to said plate about the marginal portion of each plate opening whereby the outer surface of the end of a collector tube inserted into said opening will be encircled by said gasket to prevent external influences such as dust, dirt and other harmful particulate from entering into the interior of the section. 7. The manifold apparatus of claim 4 wherein each of said coupler tubes is provided with a free open end having a groove along the exterior surface and adjacent to said free end; and a resilient compliant O-ring member inserted in said groove and being of a size relative to said groove so as to be at least slightly stretched when positioned within said groove. 8. The manifold assembly of claim 7 further including a plurality of collector tubes mounted upon said coupler tubes such that the internal surface of each collector tube forms a fluid tight seal with said O-ring member engaging the interior surface of said collector tube. 9. The manifold assembly of claim 8 wherein said fastener receiving portions have substantially U-shaped cross-sections. 10. The manifold assembly of claim 8 wherein said collector tubes are provided with a coating adapted to absorb energy from the suns visible and invisible light rays. 11. The manifold assembly of claim 8 wherein said collector tubes are each formed of a black plastic material. 12. The manifold assembly of claim 8 wherein said collector tubes are each comprised of an outer transparent tube, and inner tube of smaller diameter positioned within said outer tube and having an energy absorbing coating provided along the exterior surface of the inner tube; and sealing means provided at the ends of each collector tube for maintaining the inner and outer tubes in spaced and generally concentric fashion. 13. The manifold assembly of claim 12 wherein said sealing means comprised means for hermetically sealing the hollow interior space between said outer and inner tubes, said hollow space being evacuated to a predetermined vacuum condition. 14. The manifold assembly of claim 12 further including a reflective coating along a portion of the interior surface of said outer tube for reflecting the light rays striking said reflective coating towards said energy absorbing coating. 15. The apparatus of claim 12 further comprising an elongated substantially U-shaped trough-like reflective body, each of said collector tubes being positioned within said reflective body so that said collector tubes receive maximum exposure to the sun's rays regardless of the position of the sun without mechanically or manually repositioning said collector tubes during the course of each day. 16. The manifold apparatus of claim 15 further including a fresnel lens cover fitted upon the upper end of said reflective body to further enhance efficiency and energy transfer of the sun's energy to the fluid passing through said collector tubes. 17. The apparatus of claim 4 further having a collector comprising: a box-like enclosure having top and bottom sides joined in spaced fashion by sidewalls; said top side having a transparent cover aligned to face the sun; an energy absorptive surface positioned beneath said cover; a first inlet opening being provided in one sidewall near a corner of said enclosure; a second outlet opening being provided in an opposite sidewall diagonally opposite said first opening; a plurality of baffle plates being arranged at spaced intervals within said enclosure and cooperating with said enclosure to define an undulating path between said first and second openings; at least one of said coupler tubes being joined to said first inlet opening for feeding a fluid into said first inlet opening from said manifold tube whereby the fluid follows said undulating path to reach said outlet opening; and said top side bing adapted to absorb solar energy and transfer the absorbed energy to the fluid to elevate the temperature thereof when the fluid exits from said outlet opening. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein collector further includes at least one hollow stabilizing projection adapted to be mounted upon one of said coupler tubes other than said at least one coupler tube joined to said inlet opening to provide additional support for said collector. 19. A solar energy collector system comprising: first and second manifold assemblies each comprised of a manifold tube and a plurality of coupler tubes connected at spaced intervals along said manifold tube whereby the interiors of said coupler tubes communicate with the interior of said manifold tube, each of said coupler tubes having a free end remote from said manifold tube; said manifold tubes being arranged in spaced apart fashion with the free ends of said coupler tubes of said first and second assemblies generally facing one another; each of said coupler tubes having an annular groove extending around the outer periphery thereof and position adjacent said free end thereof; a stretchable resilient complient O-ring positioned in said groove and being of a size which is designed to be at least slightly stretched when sealed in said groove; at least one elongated collector tube having first and second coupler receiving ends whereby the interior surface of said receiving ends receive said free ends of said coupler tubes and encircle and at least slightly compress said O-ring which it encircles; the distance between said free ends of said coupler tubes of said first and second assemblies receiving said at least one collector tube being separated by a distance which is less than the length of said at least one collector tube so that said O-rings of said coupler tubes receiving said at least one collector tube are spaced apart by a distance which is less than the length of said at least one collector tube. 20. The apparatus of claim 19 wherein each manifold assembly further comprises a hollow elongated housing for receiving said manifold tube, said housing having an elongated open side through which said coupler tubes extend; said housing being open at both ends and having a uniform cross-section provided with fastener receiving portions at spaced intervals along the interior thereof and extending the entire length of the housing; bracket means secured to said open ends of said housing to cover said open ends and support the ends of said manifold tube received in said housing; said bracket means including fasteners threadedly engaging said fastener receiving portions for securing said bracket means to said housing, said uniform cross-section being adapted to enable said housing to provide securement for said fasteners regardless of the length of said housing. 21. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein each of said housings is substantially filled with a light-weight foam insulation material surrounding said manifold tube to prevent the loss of heat energy from said manifold tube to the atmosphere, said foam insulation having recesses in the regions of said free ends of said coupler tubes to permit unhindered insertion and mounting of said at least one collector tube upon said coupler tubes in a telescoping fashion. 22. The apparatus of claim 19 wherein said at least one collector tube has an undulating configuration, and an inlet and an outlet opening at the free ends thereof for telescopingly receiving said coupler tubes of said first and second manifold assemblies. 23. The apparatus of claim 22 wherein said at least one collector tube further includes at least one additional coupling extension for telescopingly receiving one of said coupler tubes, and means for sealing the end of said at least one coupling extension of said at least one collector tube to prevent the flow of fluid therethrough from the interior of said at least one collector tube. 24. Solar collector apparatus comprising: a box-like enclosure having top and bottom sides joined in spaced fashion by sidewalls; said top side having a transparent cover aligned to face the sun; an energy absorptive surface exposed to the solar radiation positioned beneath said transparent cover; a first inlet opening being provided in one sidewall near a corner of said enclosure; a second outlet opening being provided in an opposite sidewall diagonally opposite said first opening; a plurality of baffle plates being arranged at spaced intervals within said enclosure and cooperating with said enclosure to define an undulating path between said first and second openings; a first manifold assembly for feeding a fluid into said first opening whereby the fluid follows said undulating path to reach said outlet opening, said first manifold assembly including means for removably connecting said first manifold assembly to said first opening for facilitating assembly and disassembly of said solar collector apparatus; said top side being adapted to absorb solar energy and transfer the absorbed energy to the fluid to elevate the temperature thereof when the fluid exits from said outlet opening; and a second manifold assembly for receiving the heated fluid which has been conducted to said outlet opening, said second manifold assembly including means for removably connecting said second manifold assembly to said second outlet opening for facilitating assembly and disassembly of said solar collector apparatus. 25. The collector apparatus of claim 24 wherein said bottom side and said sidewalls are insulated to reduce the loss of energy in said housing to the surroundings. 