A solar collector is disclosed that enables the installation of the collector parallel to the surface plane or angle of any structure, including vertical walls and flat roofs, without affecting generating efficiency. The collector is efficient for both energy absorption and transfer to the transport fluid. The collector removes architectural constraints and is suitable for building structure applications not heretofore possible. The collector comprises an array of integral fin/tube extrusions all of which are aligned in the East-West direction. Mechanical linkage rotates the extrusions in unison, with a sun tracking device, to the solar altitude angle. The extrusions, mechanical linkage, and sun tracking device are contained within an insulated housing enclosure. The integral fluid channels likewise extend in an East-West direction, are spaced apart in the North-South direction and are directed to supply and return manifold piping extending in the North-South direction with inlet and outlet connections. The extrusions have a black anodized selective coating for high absorptance and low emittance. The housing enclosure has a glazing cover.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy collector comprising: a plurality of elongated fin/tube elements each of which includes an elongated tube and at least one fin extending radially outward from and integrally joined with said elongated tube; inlet and outlet manifold tubes arranged in spaced parallel fashion and having coupling sections extending outwardly from said manifold tubes at spaced intervals; a rotary hydraulic joint coupled between the ends of each of said elongated tubes and one of said coupling sections for rotatably joining each fin/tube element to said inlet and outlet manifold tubes while providing a leakproof joint; and solar tracking means for simultaneously rotating said fin/tube elements to properly orient said fin/tube elements with respect to said solar radiation, said solar tracking means comprising: eccentrically mounted cam means having a cam surface; means for rotating said cam means; a reciprocally mounted rod having a cam follower roller rollingly engaging said cam means; bias means normally urging said rod in a direction to urge said cam follower roller into engagement with said cam surface; a projection for each of said fin/tube elements, said projection extending radially outward from said tube; and coupling means for pivotally coupling the free end of each of said projections to said rod whereby linear movement of said rod simultaneously rotates said fin/tube elements. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said coupling means comprises pins fixably secured to said projection and slots arranged at intervals along said rod for receiving said pins to enable said pins to move along an arcuate path as said rod moves along a linear path. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said coupling means comprises pins fixedly secured at intervals along said rod and elongated slots radially aligned on each of said projections for receiving said pins to enable said projections to move along an arcuate path as said pins move along a linear path. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said solar collector further comprises a housing having an open-ended box-like shaped comprised of a floor and four upstanding side walls whose free ends define an opening; transparent means sealing said opening for preventing convection currents leaving said enclosure to thereby retain the heat energy in said housing; and said housing being adapted to be flush mounted upon a supporting surface. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 wherein said floor and side walls are covered with insulation. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein each of said fin/tube elements has its exterior surface coated with a selective coating to yield a structure of high absorptivity and low emissivity to provide optimum energy absorption of solar radiation by said fin/tube elements. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein each of said fin/tube elements is provided with a pair of planar fins lying along a common plane and extending radially outward from and integrally joined to said tube and wherein the exterior surface of said tubes and said fins being coated with a black coating. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein said coating is anodized. 9. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein said fin/tube elements are formed of aluminum and said surface coating is anodized. 10. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein one surface of said fin is coated with a layer of insulation. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising means for introducing fluid into said inlet manifold tube under pressure sufficient to provide substantially uniform fluid flow through all of said fin/tube elements coupled to said inlet manifold tube. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising clamp means for securing each tube/fin element at a desired angle upon a mounting surface. 13. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said means for rotating said cam means comprises a motor. 14. A solar energy collector comprising: a plurality of elongated fin/tube elements each of which includes an elongated tube and at least one fin extending radially outward from and integrally joined with said elongated tube; inlet and outlet manifold tubes arranged in spaced parallel fashion and having coupling sections extending outward from said manifold tubes at spaced intervals; a rotary hydraulic joint coupled between the ends of each of said elongated tubes and one of said coupling sections for rotatably joining each fin/tube element to said inlet and outlet manifold tubes while providing a leak-proof joint so that a fluid may be conducted from said inlet manifold tube, through said fin/tube elements and into said outlet manifold tube; and drive means for rotatably driving said fin/tube elements so as to assure that beam type solar radiation is oriented perpendicular to the flat surface of said fins, said drive means comprising: a housing coupled in series with one of said manifold tubes and adapted to have the fluid flowing in said manifold tube pass therethrough; rotatable impeller means in said housing, said impeller means being mounted to be rotated by said fluid flowing through said housing; and coupling means coupled to said impeller means for reciprocally rotating said fin/tube elements at a rate to keep the flat surfaces of said fins normal to the solar radiation. 15. The apparatus of claim 14 wherein said coupling means includes gear reduction means for reducing the rotational output of said rotatable impeller means. 16. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein said coupling means further includes a cam eccentrically connected to the output of said gear reduction means; a reciprocally mounted rod having a cam follower roller rollingly engaging the surface of said cam; bias means normally urging said rod in a direction to urge said cam follower roller into engagement with said surface of said cam; a projection for each of said fin/tube elements extending radially outward from said tube; and pin means for pivotally coupling the free end of each of said projections to said rod whereby linear movement of said rod simultaneously rotates all of said fin/tube elements. 17. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein said coupling means further includes a crank arm connected to the output of said gear reduction means; a linkage arm having first and second ends, said first end being pivotally connected to the free end of said crank arm; a reciprocally mounted rod having one end thereof pivotally connected to said second end of said linkage arm; a projection for each of said fin/tube elements extending radially outward from said tube; and pin means for pivotally coupling the free end of each of said projection to said rod whereby linear movement of said rod simultaneously rotates all of said fin/tube elements. 