An optical seed sensor for a seed planter monitor utilizes light emitting diodes and a rapidly-responding light-receiving solar cell mounted in a seed dispensing chute. A solar cell light shield with a slit narrower than the diameter of a typical seed is mounted adjacent to the solar cell. When a seed passes the light shield, the voltage output of the light-receiving solar cell is temporarily reduced in response to a change in intensity of light at the solar cell. Electronic circuitry converts such solar cell voltage fluctuations into electrical counting pulses for the seed planter monitor. The rapidly-responding solar cell, the partially shielded solar cell and the electronic circuitry cooperate to discriminate between closely spaced or partially overlapping seeds passing through the dispensing chute in order to achieve accurate seed counting.
Claims The embodiments of the invention in which an exclusive property or privilege is claimed are defined as follows: 1. For use with a seed monitor for a seed planter having a chute for periodically dispensing seeds, an optical seed sensor comprising: a light emitting diode means and a rapidly-responding solar cell light receiving means mounted in opposing relationship in the chute for seed passage therebetween; a light shield having a slit narrower than the diameter of a seed, said shield being disposed within the chute adjacent to said solar cell means and interiorly thereof with said slit being transverse to the path of a seed dispensed through the chute; said solar cell light receiving means being operable to generate a voltage output in response to the presence of light emitted from said diode means, the passage of a dispensed seed between said diode means and said solar cell means serving to temporarily reduce the intensity of the light passing through said slit to said solar cell means to temporarily reduce said voltage output thereof; a differentiator circuit means and a comparator circuit means connected in series with said solar cell means output, said differentiator circuit means being operable to provide an output voltage proportional to the change of said solar cell means output with respect to time, and said comparator circuit means being operable to provide a counting pulse whenever the voltage output of said differentiator circuit means exceeds a predetermined threshold voltage value; whereby said light shield limits the intensity of the light received by said rapidly-responding solar cell means for discrimination between closely spaced or partially overlapping seeds dispensed through the chutes. 2. The seed sensor of claim 1 wherein the width of said slit is approximately forty percent of the diameter of a typical seed dispensed through the chute. 3. The seed sensor of claim 1 and an amplifying means connected between said differentiator circuit means and said comparator circuit means. 4. The seed sensor of claim 1 wherein said light emitting diode means is operable to generate light in the infrared region. 5. The seed sensor of claim 1 wherein said light emitting diode means comprises plural light emitting diodes for full light dispersion within the chute in the region between said diode means and said solar cell light receiving means. 