An adjustable solar filter assembly has two disc shaped relatively rotatable shields each having circumferentially spaced apart light passing openings separated by opaque portions. A filter element comprising an alumnized plastic sheet covers the openings in one of the shields. Relative rotation of the two discs changes the effective light passing area without changing the optical aperture provided by the filter to adjust for changing light conditions and/or to adjust the brightness of the viewed image. The filter assembly includes support and mounting members that enable the filter assembly to be mounted near the center of the exterior lens of the telescope.
Claims Having thus described the invention, what is claimed is: 1. An adjustable solar filter assembly for a telescope having an exterior lens comprising: (a) a support for detachably mounting said filter assembly in the path of light rays being gathered by the telescope, said support including a mounting fixture for engagement upon the exterior surface of the exterior lens of the telescope near the center thereof but for substantial freedom therefrom circumferentially and a support member, said mounting fixture and said support member being releasably engaged; (b) a first opaque shield member extending substantially concentrically about said support member and having at least one light passing opening therein and being dimensioned and configured to traverse the optical aperture of the associated telescope, said opening having a radial dimension which defines the effective optical aperture provided by the solar filter; (c) a light-transmitting filter element overlying said opening and having a light blocking metallic component to reduce the amount of light transmitted through said filter element; (d) a second opaque shield member extending substantially concentrically about said support member and having an opaque portion dimensioned and configured to overlie at least part of said opening; and (e) means mounting said shield members on said support member and permitting rotation of said shield members relative to each other, said second shield member thereby being movable relative to said first shield member to overlie and thereby close selected portions of said opening to reduce passage of light therethrough without reducing said radial dimension of said opening. 2. The solar filter assembly of claim 1 wherein said opaque portion is dimensioned and configured to overlie all of said opening and thereby entirely close said opening. 3. The solar filter assembly of claim 2 wherein at least said first shield member is disc shaped and has a plurality of openings formed therein which are circumferentially spaced apart and have respective outer edges which are disposed adjacent to the peripheral edge of the disc, the radial distance of the outer edges from the center of the disc defining said radial dimension of the openings. 4. The solar filter assembly of claim 3 wherein said second shield member is also disc shaped and said first and second shield members are mounted for rotation relative to each other about a common axis of rotation, and said second shield member contains a plurality of circumferentially spaced openings therein, said opaque portion of said second shield member being defined by portions thereof extending between said second mentioned openings. 5. The solar filter assembly of claim 4 wherein said second mentioned openings are dimensioned and configured substantially identically to said first mentioned openings. 6. The solar filter assembly of claim 4 wherein said first shield member contains three of said first mentioned openings equally circumferentially spaced apart. 7. The solar filter of claim 2 wherein said mounting fixture includes a magnetically susceptible washer releasably magnetically engaging said support member and adapted to be affixed to said exterior lens near its center and wherein said engagement member includes a magnetic washer. 8. The solar filter assembly of claim 1 wherein said filter element comprises a plastic sheet having a metal coating thereon. 9. The solar filter assembly of claim 1 wherein said support member and said mounting fixture are releasably magnetically engaged. 10. The solar filter assembly of claim 9 wherein said support member includes a mounting shaft and said first and second shield members have respective central passages therein and are mounted on said shaft by said shaft passing through said central passages. 11. The solar filter assembly of claim 10 wherein said support member includes an engagement member magnetically engaging said mounting fixture and retaining said mounting shaft thereon, one of said engagement member and said mounting fixture being a magnetic member and the other being a magnetically susceptible member. 12. The solar filter assembly of claim 11 wherein said engagement member is fixed to one of said shield members to prevent rotation of said one of said shield members relative to said engagement member. 13. An adjustable solar filter for a telescope comprising: (a) a support for detachably mounting said filter assembly upon a telescope in the path of light rays being gathered by the telescope, said support including a mounting fixture for engagement upon the exterior surface of the exterior lens of the telescope near the center thereof but for substantial freedom therefrom circumferentially and a support member, said mounting fixture and said support member being releasably engaged; (b) a first opaque shield member extending substantially concentrically about said support member and having a plurality of light passing openings therein and being dimensioned and configured to traverse the optical aperture of the associated telescope, said openings being defined by spaced apart radially extending side edges connecting arc shaped outer edges and inner edges spaced radially inwardly of said outer edges; (c) a light-transmitting filter element overlying said openings and having a light blocking metallic component to reduce the amount of light transmitted through said filter element; (d) a second opaque shield member extending substantially concentrically about said support member and having a plurality of circumferentially spaced apart light passing openings therein of generally similar configuration as said first mentioned openings and opaque portions of said second shield member between said second mentioned openings being dimensioned and configured to overlie said first mentioned openings; and (e) means mounting said shield members on said support member and permitting rotation of said shield members relative to each other, said second shield thereby being movable relative to said first shield whereby said opaque portions overlie and thereby close selected radial portions of said first mentioned openings to reduce passage of light therethrough. 14. The solar filter assembly of claim 13 wherein said inner edges are also arc shaped and said first mentioned and second mentioned openings are each of equal size and of substantially identical configuration and are evenly circumferentially spaced apart. 15. The solar filter assembly of claim 14 wherein said first shield contains three of said first mentioned openings and said second shield member contains three of said second mentioned openings, and the radial center line of each of said openings is circumferentially spaced apart about 120.degree. of arc from each adjacent opening. 16. The solar filter assembly of claim 15 wherein said first and second openings each subtend about 60.degree. of arc. 17. The solar filter assembly of claim 16 wherein said filter element is a plastic sheet having an aluminum coating thereon and said first and second shield member are mounted at their respective centers upon a common mounting shaft for rotation relative to each other. 18. The solar filter assembly of claim 13 wherein said first and second opaque shield members are disc shaped and said light-transmitting filter element is affixed to one of said first and second opaque shield members. 19. The solar filter assembly of claim 10 wherein said support member and said mounting fixture are releasably magnetically engaged. 20. The solar filter assembly of claim 19 wherein said support member includes mounting shaft and said first and second shield members have respective central passages therein and are mounted on said shaft by said shaft passing through said central passages. 21. The solar filter assembly of claim 20 wherein said support member includes an engagement member magnetically engaging said mounting fixture and retaining said mounting shaft thereon, one of said engagement member and said mounting fixture being a magnetic member and the other being a magnetically susceptible member. 22. The solar filter assembly of claim 21 wherein said engagement member is fixed to one of said sheild members to prevent rotation of said one of said shield members relative to said engagement member. 