Apparatus for mounting a solar collector to a mounting surface which permits the solar collector to maintain a predetermined orientation with respect to the position of the sun notwithstanding variation in slope and orientation of the mounting surface.
Claims I claim: 1. Apparatus for mounting a solar collector on a surface comprising a stem member interposed between said surface and said solar collector, first means detachably connecting said solar collector to an upper end of said stem member in a manner permitting vertical movement of said solar collector relative to said stem member, rotational movement of said solar collector in a first vertical plane relative to said stem member and rotational movement of said solar collector in a second vertical plane relative to said stem member, said first vertical plane relative to said stem member being perpendicular to said second vertical plane relative to said stem member, and second means detachably connecting a lower end of said stem member to said surface in a manner permitting rotational movement of said stem member in a horizontal plane relative to said surface, rotational movement of said stem member in a first vertical plane relative to said surface and rotational movement of said stem member in a second vertical plane relative to said surface, said first vertical plane relative to said surface being perpendicular to said second vertical plane relative to said surface. 2. Apparatus in accordance with claim 1 wherein said first and second means include means for arresting the movement of said solar collector and said stem member in a plurality of fixed positions. 3. Apparatus in accordance with claim 1 wherein said stem member comprises an elongated tube. 4. Apparatus in accordance with claim 2 wherein said arresting means comprises a bolt threadably engaged with a locking nut. 5. Apparatus in accordance with claim 1 wherein said stem member length varies in response to the distance required between said solar collector and said surface. 