A solar collector comprising liquid-containing elements and a reflector. The reflector comprises overlapping plates which can be shifted into a first extended position imparting an approximately semicylindrical shape to the reflector and into a second collapsible position. The liquid-containing elements comprise a collector pipe or conduit enclosed by a protective tube. Radial elements extend in the longitudinal direction of the collector pipe and are attached thereto. The liquid-containing elements are rotatably mounted on the collector pipe.
Claims What I claim is: 1. A solar collector comprising: a reflector containing overlapping plates; support means for supporting said reflector; means for enabling said overlapping plates of said reflector to be movable between a first extended position and a collapsed position, said reflector possessing an approximately semicylindrical shape when said plates assume their extended position; liquid-containing elements cooperating with said reflector; said liquid-containing elements comprising: a collector pipe enclosed by a protective tube; and radial elements carried by and extending in the longitudinal direction of the collector pipe; means mounting said collector pipe and said radial elements to be rotatable. 2. The solar collector as defined in claim 1, wherein: said reflector has a focal point; said collector pipe being located at the region of the focal point of the reflector when said plates are in their extended position in order to directly receive the solar radiation; said radial elements being located externally of the focal point when said plates are in their collapsed position in order to receive diffuse solar radiation. 3. The solar collector as defined in claim 1, further including: common supply and discharge conduit means at which terminate said collector pipe and said radial elements; and thermocouple means located in said conduit means. 4. The solar collector as defined in claim 3, wherein: said liquid-containing elements of individual solar collectors are capable of being joined together by means of flexible connections. 5. A solar collector comprising: reflector means comprising a plurality of at least partially overlapping plates; support means for supporting said reflector means; means mounting said overlapping plates of said reflector means to be movable between a first extended position and a collapsed position, said reflector means possessing an approximately semicylindrical shape when said plates assume their extended position; liquid-conducting elements cooperating with said reflector means; said liquid-conducting elements comprising: a collector pipe: and a plurality of radial elements supported by said collector pipe: and means rotatably mounting said collector pipe and said radial elements. 