An audio reproduction system is provided for use in conjunction with a tombstone for the repeated playback, upon activation, of a prerecorded message. The system comprises a housing which is secured within the tombstone. A prerecorded message on an endless magnetic tape is operatively mounted within a tape playback device which in turn is contained within the interior of the housing. A Hall effect switch wholly contained within the housing activates, upon closure, a time module to operatively connect a self-contained source of electrical power to the tape playback device for the predetermined period of time. A solar cell is also operatively coupled with the electrical power source to supplement the same.
Claims I claim: 1. An audio announcement system for a memorial monument comprising: a housing, means for mounting the housing within a memorial monument, an audio recording medium having a prerecorded audio message contained thereon, audio playback means contained within the housing for accepting said recording medium and, upon activation, playing said prerecorded message, means for activating said playback means for a predetermined time period, and wherein said housing further comprises a first tubular part and a second tubular part in axial alignment, said housing parts adapted to be substantially wholly positioned in a throughbore in the memorial monument and wherein said mounting means comprises an enlarged diameter portion at one end of each housing part which abuts against the memorial monument, and means for locking the other ends of the housing parts coaxially together. 2. The invention as defined in claim 1 and including electrical power means electrically connected to said playback means, said power means further comprising a battery contained within said housing and solar energy power means having a portion exteriorly visible of the memorial monument and electrically connected to said playback means. 3. The invention as defined in claim 2 wherein said solar energy power means is electrically connected to and is adapted to recharge said battery. 4. The invention as defined in claim 1 wherein said last mentioned means comprises a rod having one end secured to one housing part and means for securing the other end of the rod to the other housing part. 5. The invention as defined in claim 4, wherein said rod is threaded and wherein said securing means comprises a nut which threadably engages the rod. 6. The invention as defined in claim 1 wherein said playback means is contained within the first housing part and wherein said first housing part is filled with a corrosion resistant gas. 7. The invention as defined in claim 5 wherein said audio playback means further comprises two speakers, one speaker being contained in each housing part. 8. The invention as defined in claim 1 wherein said activation means further comprises a time module means for producing an output signal for said predetermined period of time upon activation, said time module means output being coupled to said playback means to activate said playback means, and a switch which, upon activation, activates said time module means. 9. The invention as defined in claim 8 wherein said switch is a Hall effect switch. 10. The invention as defined in claim 8 and including means for varying said predetermined time period. 11. The invention as defined in claim 8 wherein said playback means is a tape recorder and said recording medium is an endless tape. 12. The invention as defined in claim 8 wherein said time module means includes means for preventing unintended activation of said time module means upon connection of electrical power to said time module means. 