The invention relates to a solar energy collector or cell comprising a fixed spherical mirror placed on the ground by its convex face and a boiler in which circulates a heat-transfer fluid and which is movable about the center of the mirror. The boiler comprises a low concentration boiler surmounted by a high concentration boiler. The spherical mirror has a visor in the form of a spherical sector which moves on the periphery of the mirror.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy collector comprising a fixed spherical mirror having a reflective surface, a center located above the mirror, a radius of curvature R and a paraxial focus located on the movable axis which passes through said center of the mirror and through the center of the sun; a pair of movable boilers having a common axis passing through said mirror center and being spaced from one another along said common axis a predetermined distance, a heat-transfer fluid conduit means for defining a flow path in which said heat-transfer fluid may circulate through each boiler, and means for pivoting said common axis about said mirror center to maintain said common axis directed towards the sun; said boilers respectively comprising a low concentration boiler, elongated along said common axis, and having two axially opposite ends including a lower end, located in the vicinity of said reflective surface, and an upper end; and a high concentration boiler located in the vicinity of said paraxial focus and spaced from the upper end of the said low concentration boiler by said predetermined distance. 2. A collector as claimed in claim 1, wherein said high concentration boiler has the shape of a cavity which is concentric with said common axis and two axially opposite ends comprising a lower open end and an upper closed end, said conduit means in said high concentration boiler including a coil in which circulates said heat-transfer fluid, said coil covering the walls of said cavity and having an intake port for the fluid located on the periphery of said lower end and a discharge port for the fluid located in the center of said upper end. 3. A collector as claimed in claim 1, wherein said high concentration boiler comprises a metallic hollow body which is concentric with said common axis, said high concentration boiler having two axially opposite ends, namely a lower open end and an upper end, side walls extending therebetween and a base member closing said upper end and having a concave shape whose apex is directed towards said mirror center, said conduit means in said high-concentration boiler comprising a coil which covers the side walls and base of said body. 4. A collector as defined in claim 1, wherein said high concentration boiler comprises two spaced metal discs which are perpendicular to said common axis and at least one partition spirally wound around said axis in the space between the discs. 5. A collector as claimed in claim 2, wherein the diameter of the lower end of said high concentration boiler is between 0.05 and 0.06 times the said radius of curvature R and said lower end is located at a distance from the mirror center which is between 0.54 and 0.57 R. 6. A collector as claimed in claim 2, wherein the ratio between the depth of said cavity and the radius r of said lower open end is between 2 and 4. 7. A collector as claimed in claim 1, wherein said conduit means in said low concentration boiler comprises a coil wound helically with substantially contiguous turns. 8. A collector as claimed in claim 1, wherein said conduit means in said low concentration boiler comprises two coaxial tubes which are coaxial and of different internal diameter defining an annular space therebetween and axially aligned with said high concentration boiler and a wire with a square cross-section helically wound in the annular space between the two tubes. 9. A collector as claimed in claim 7, wherein the ratio between the diameter 2r of said lower end of the high concentration boiler and the diameter b of the low concentration boiler is between 2 and 4. 10. A solar energy collector as claimed in claim 1, wherein said spherical mirror is in the form of a spherical cap whose convex portion is placed on the ground and includes a movable visor comprising a reflecting spheric section having a center which coincides with the said center of the mirror and which has the same radius R, said sector extending said cap in the upward direction over only part of the periphery of the mirror and means for rotating said visor about the axis of the cap. 11. A collector as claimed in claim 10, wherein said visor has, in the planes perpendicular to the axis of the cap, an angular aperture between 90.degree. and 120.degree. and in the meridian planes, passing through said axis, an angular aperture between 10.degree. and 30.degree.. 12. A collector as claimed in claim 1, including a movable arm on which said boilers are mounted, at least three fixed feet converging at upper ends at said center of the mirror; and a universal joint operatively mounting said arm at the upper end of said feet at the center of the mirror. 13. A collector as claimed in claim 12, wherein the movable arm has two axially opposite ends including an upper end connected to said universal joint and a lower end, the high concentration boiler being fixed directly to said lower end, flat brackets connecting the lower end of said arm to the upper end of said low concentration boiler and a plurality of stays connecting the lower end of said arm to the lower end of said low concentration boiler. 