A photovoltaic energy converter for converting incident radiant energy, such as solar energy, to electrical energy. The converter comprises a cell formed from a plurality of integrally interconnected p-n junction-containing semiconductor wafers. The wafers are stacked end-to-end in the cell so that the respective junctions in each wafer are parallel to each other. The efficiency and performance of the cell is improved, particularly upon exposure to concentrated sunlight, by imposing various conditions on the cell fabrication and design. Improvements result, for example, by selecting a high resistivity semiconductor as the starting material in the fabrication of the cell, controlling the diffusion process to optimize the junction gradient and minimize the thickness of the base region in each wafer, orienting the wafers in the cell so that they are illuminated at a small angle relative to the plane of the respective junctions therein, and treating the exposed surfaces of the wafer to reduce reflectivity and surface recombination velocities.
Claims What we claim as new and desire to secure by Letters Patent of the United States is: 1. A method of fabricating a photovoltaic energy converter for converting incident radiant energy to electrical energy, said method comprising the steps of: A. preparing a plurality of wafers of semiconductive material of a first conductivity type, each said wafer having i. first and second opposed end faces, ii. a first region below the first end face having a net impurity concentration of a second conductivity type, iii. a second region below the second end face having a net impurity concentration of the first conductivity type greater than the concentration in iv. a base region located between said first and second regions, and v. a photovoltaic junction separating said first and base regions; B. preparing a plurality of layers of an electrically conductive material; C. stacking said wafers and conductive layers in a stack with said wafers and conductive layers in alternate layers, said wafers being oriented in the stack so that the first region in each said wafer is directed toward the same end of the stack; D. fusing the stack to form an integrally bonded unit; E. cutting from the fused stack a slab defining first and second opposed major surfaces transverse to the junctions of said wafers, the cut forming the second transverse surface of the slab being made along a plane that deviates from a normal to the junction in each said wafer by a predetermined small angle in a direction such that when said slab is viewed through the second transverse surface more of the base region and less of the first region in each said wafer is exposed thereby to provide increased space for junction depletion layer spreading at and below the second transverse surface; and F. mounting the first transverse surface of said slab on a substrate, said slab being positioned on said substrate for exposure to the radiant energy along a direction essentially normal to the second transverse surface of said slab. 2. A method as recited in claim 1 in which the semiconductive material in said wafer preparing step is selected to have a resistivity in the range of about 200 to 400 ohm-centimeters. 3. A method as recited in claim 1 in which said wafer preparing step comprises the steps of: i. growing a single crystal of the semiconductive material using a float-zone-growth technique, and ii. cutting said plurality of wafers from said single crystal. 4. A method as recited in claim 3 in which said wafer preparing step includes the additional step of diffusing into the first end face of each said wafer a diffusant of the second conductivity type to form the junction therein. 5. A method as recited in claim 4 in which the diffusant of the second conductivity type is diffused into said wafer so as to have a concentration gradient, a, in the vicinity of the junction of the order of 10.sup.4 impurities per cubic centimeter per micron or less. 6. A method as recited in claim 3 in which said wafer preparing step includes the additional steps of: i. depositing a layer on the first end face of each said wafer containing an effectively infinite source of the diffusant of the second conductivity type, ii. heating said wafer to a temperature of about 1200.degree.-1300.degree. Centigrade, and iii. maintaining said wafer at the elevated temperature for a time period in the range of 10 to 50 hours. 7. A method as recited in claim 3 in which the semiconductive material in said wafer preparing step is n-type silicon having an n-type carrier concentration of the order of 10.sup.13 per cubic centimeter, and in which said wafer preparing step includes the additional steps of: i. depositing a first layer on the first end face of said each wafer containing an effectively infinite source of a p-type diffusant, said first layer having a p-type carrier density of the order of 10.sup.21 per cubic centimeter, ii. depositing a second layer on the second end face of each said wafer containing an effectively infinite source of a n-type diffusant, said second layer having an n-type carrier density of the order of 10.sup.21 per cubic centimeter, iii. heating said wafer to a temperature of about 1200.degree. Centigrade, and iv. maintaining said wafer at the elevated temperature for a time period of about 25 hours. 8. A method as recited in claim 1 in which said conductive layer preparing step comprises the step of cutting a plurality of discs corresponding in dimensions other than thickness to said wafers from a sheet of metal alloy consisting essentially of 99% silver and 1% aluminum. 9. A method as recited in claim 1 in which the number of said wafers stacked in said stacking step is sixteen. 10. A method as recited in claim 1 in which said fusing step comprises heating the stack in a forming gas atmosphere to a temperature of about 900.degree. Centigrade for a time period of about 10 minutes. 11. A method as recited in claim 1 in which the predetermined angle in said cutting step is in the range of about 5 to 20 degrees. 12. A method as recited in claim 11 in which the predetermined angle in said cutting step is about 10 degrees. 13. A method as recited in claim 1 further including the step of: H. treating the second transverse surface of said slab to reduce reflectivity of the radiant energy. 14. A method as recited in claim 13 in which said treating step comprises ultrasonically cutting the second transverse surface of said slab to form thereon a surface matrix of rounded pyramids, the base edges of the surface pyramids being comparable to the width of said wafers. 15. A method as recited in claim 1 further including the step of: I. rendering the surfaces of said slab hydrophobic to reduce surface recombination velocities. 16. A method as recited in claim 15 in which said rendering step comprises the steps of: i. subjecting said slab to a slow etch solution consisting essentially of 75% nitric acid, 12.5% hydrofluoric acid and 12.5% sulphuric acid for a time period of about 5 minutes, ii. rinsing said slab, iii. subjecting said slab to an etching liquid consisting essentially of nitric acid for a period of about two minutes, and iv. quenching said slab in an alcohol bath. 17. A method as recited in claim 1 further including the step of: J. depositing a coating of transparent material on said slab having an index of refraction intermediate to that of the semiconductive material of said wafer and air. 18. A method as recited in claim 1 further including the step of: K. covering the second transverse surface of said slab with plano-convex lens radiation concentrator having a focal length such that it concentrates the incident radiant energy at the region of the junction in each said wafer. 19. A method as recited in claim 18 in which said covering step further includes the step of controlling the radiation transmission characteristics of said plano-convex lens concentrator so that it preferentially passes to said slab a portion of the radiant energy having wavelengths in the range of about 5000 to 10,000 Angstroms. 20. A method as defined in claim 1 in which said cutting step comprises the steps of: i. mounting the fused stack to a support disposed at the predetermined angle to a reference plane, ii. cutting the slab from the mounted stack by a pair of spaced parallel cuts normal to the reference plane, the slab thereby defining a pair of opposed major surfaces transverse to the junctions in each said wafer, and iii. selecting as the second transverse surface of the slab the one of the pair of the major surfaces that exposes more of the base region and less of the first region in each said wafer. 