A system providing for the temperature and humidity controlled aerobic composting of organic materials is described. The system includes at least one composting chamber, at least one thermal mass, ducts for conveying air from the vicinity of the thermal mass to a composting chamber, at least one solar glazing panel for providing heat to a thermal mass, and an air intake port for providing air in the vicinity of a thermal mass.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An organic waste treatment system for the production of humus or compost providing for the controlled aerobic composting of organic materials, comprising in combination: at least one composting chamber; at least one thermal mass; means for conveying air from the vicinity of at least one said thermal mass to at least one said composting chamber; means for providing solar-derived heat to at least one said thermal mass; at least one air intake port for providing air in the vicinity of at least one said thermal mass; and ventilation means communicating with at least one said composting chamber. 2. The organic waste treatment system as claimed in claim 1 wherein at least one said composting chamber contains spaced apart longitudinal dividers with air entry ports. 3. The organic waste treatment system as claimed in claim 1 wherein at least one said composting chamber has a portion of its lower perimeter generally inclined with respect to the horizontal. 4. The organic waste treatment system as claimed in claim 1 wherein at least one said composting chamber has a steplike structure in a portion of its lower perimeter. 5. The organic waste treatment system as claimed in claim 1 further including at least one damper system to control the air flow within said composting chamber. 6. The organic waste treatment system as claimed in claim 5 further including a thermostat responsive to the temperature within at least one said composting chamber for controlling at least one said damper system to regulate the temperature of said air flow within said composting chamber. 7. The organic waste treatment system as claimed in claim 1 further including a pH indicator for monitoring the pH level of a bio-mass in at least one of said composting chambers. 8. The organic waste treatment system as claimed in claim 1 further including a housing enclosure. 9. The organic waste treatment system as claimed in claim 1 wherein at least one said composting chamber is insulated. 10. The organic waste treatment system as claimed in claim 1 further including at least one toilet bowl communicating with at least one said composting chamber. 11. The organic waste treatment system as claimed in claim 1 further including a mixing device communicating with at least one said composting chamber and operable from outside said composting chamber. 12. The organic waste treatment system as claimed in claim 10 further comprising means for shunting liquids from said toilet bowl to at least one said composting chamber. 13. The organic waste treatment system as claimed in claim 1 further including a thermostat responsive to the temperature within at least one said ventilation means for controlling a damper system to regulate the temperature within said ventilation means. 14. The organic waste treatment system as claimed in claim 1 further including a humidistat responsive to the humidity within at least one said ventilation means for controlling a damper system to regulate the humidity within said ventilation means. 15. The organic waste treatment system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said ventilation means contains a draft inducer. 16. The organic waste treatment system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said ventilation means is at least partially covered with solar glazing. 17. The organic waste treatment system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said ventilation means is insulated. 18. The organic waste treatment system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said ventilation means contains means for removing undesirable odors and gases from the air passing through said ventilation stack. 19. The organic waste treatment system as claimed in claim 8 wherein said housing enclosure includes reflecting mirrors to concentrate incident sunlight on said means for providing solar-derived heat to at least one said thermal mass. 20. The organic waste treatment system as claimed in claim 8 wherein said housing enclosure includes translucent solar glazing for providing heat and illumination to said housing enclosure. 21. The organic waste treatment system as claimed in claim 12 wherein said shunting means contain an absorbing cellulose mat. 22. The organic waste treatment system as claimed in claim 15 wherein the means for operating said draft inducer is electrically powered. 23. An organic waste treatment system for the production of humus or compost providing for the controlled aerobic composting of organic material, comprising in combination: at least one composting chamber; at least one thermal mass; means for conveying air from the vicinity of at least one said thermal mass to at least one said composting chamber; at least one solar glazing panel for providing heat to at least one said thermal mass; at least one air intake port for providing air in the vicinity of at least one said thermal mass; at least one ventilation stack communicating with at least one said composting chamber; at least one toilet bowl communicating with at least one said composting chamber; means for controlling the temperature of the air within at least one said composting chamber and at least one said ventilation stack; and means for controlling the humidity of the air within at least one said composting chamber and at least one said ventilation stack. 