A process and apparatus is provided for storing thermal energy and subsequently releasing and extracting the stored thermal energy upon demand. At least one sealed container of salt hydrate is agitated continually and is positioned in heat exchange relationship with a heat exchange liquid which is passed between a thermal energy source and a container enclosing or partially enclosing the sealed container(s) for the salt hydrate. Agitation of the container(s) of salt hydrate prevents or minimizes salt separation and supercooling so that the latent heat of fusion of the salt hydrate can be stored and extracted by the heat exchange liquid upon demand, in addition to the sensible heat of the salt hydrate composition.
Claims I claim: 1. A process for storing thermal energy for subsequent use which comprises: exposing a heat exchange liquid to heat to increase the thermal energy in said liquid, passing the heated liquid into a first container in heat exchange relationship with a composition including a salt hydrate enclosed in at least one sealed container, said salt hydrate having a heat of fusion of at least about 50 BTU/lb, the volume ratio of the heat exchange liquid in said first container to salt hydrate being between about 1 to 20 and 2 to 1. each sealed container being continually agitated to prevent or minimize supercooling and irreversible separation of said salt hydrate, monitoring the pressure within at least one of said sealed containers thereby to determine the latent heat stored in the salt hydrate within said containers, and periodically passing said heat exchange liquid from indirect heat exchange relationship with said salt hydrate to extract heat from said liquid. 2. The process of claim 1 wherein agitation of said container is conducted by rotation. 3. The process of claim 1 wherein agitation of said container is conducted by oscillation. 4. The process of claim 1 wherein said container is immersed in said heat exchange liquid housed in a second container. 5. The process of claim 2 wherein said container is immersed in said heat exchange liquid housed in a second container. 6. The process of claim 4 wherein said container is partially filled with said salt hydrate composition to effect suspension of said container in said heat exchange liquid. 7. The process of claim 1 wherein the salt hydrate is sealed in a plurality of containers and wherein said means for monitoring pressure is associated with at least one of said sealed containers. 8. The process of claim 1 wherein said heat exchange liquid is recycled from said first container to a means for exposing said heat exchange liquid to the step of exposing the heat exchange liquid to heat thereby to increase the thermal energy in said liquid. 9. The process of claim 8 wherein said heat exchange liquid is heated by solar heat. 10. The process of claim 1 wherein the heat exchange liquid is heated to increase its thermal energy by being exposed to a heat source adapted to transfer solar heat to said liquid. 11. The process of claim 1 wherein said heat exchange liquid in said first container is heated in response to the pressure monitored within said sealed container. 12. The process of claim 7 wherein at least one of said sealed containers contains a salt hydrate different from a salt hydrate in at least one of said remaining sealed containers. 