A device is provided finding particular application in amusement or advertising applications, and includes an enclosure generally having a conventional beverage container shape. The enclosure includes a cylindrical structure having a first end and a second end. Means for attaching a solar cell to the first end of the enclosure includes a structure closing that end. The closing structure has a sleeve extending outwardly from it. The sleeve has a first end integrally formed with the attaching means and a second, free end. The second free end of the sleeve is adapted to receive an electrical motor. The motor includes a rotatably mounted shaft having an end extending outwardly of the enclosure. The outwardly extending end of the shaft has one of a plurality of terminations attached to it. The shaft and termination design determines the kind of movement imparted to the enclosure by the motor upon irradiation of the solar cell by a suitable source of electromagnetic energy.
Claims Having thus described the invention, what is claimed and desired to be secured by Letters Patent is: 1. An amusement device, comprising: an enclosure, said enclosure having a top, a longitudinal length, and a bottom wall; a solar cell mounted along said top; an electrical motor mounted within said enclosure and electrically connected to said solar cell, said electrical motor including a shaft extending outwardly of said enclosure; means for mounting said solar cell to said enclosure along the top thereof, said means for mounting said solar cell in said enclosure comprises a core, said core having a first end supporting said solar cell, and a second end, said second end having a receptacle formed in it for receiving said motor; and means attached to the shaft of said motor for causing movement of said enclosure. 2. An amusement device, comprising: an enclosure, said enclosure having a top, a longitudinal length, and a bottom wall; a solar cell mounted along said top; an electrical motor mounted within said enclosure and electrically connected to said solar cell, said electrical motor including a shaft extending outwardly of said enclosure; means for mounting said solar cell to said enclosure along the top thereof, said means for mounting said solar cell including a sleeve having a receptacle formed on one end thereof for receiving said solar cell, said sleeve including a tubular structure having a first end attached to said receptacle and a free second end, said second end having a plurality of slots formed in it, said slots permitting insertion of said motor internally of said sleeve; and means attached to the shaft of said motor for causing movement of said enclosure. 3. The device of claim 2 wherein said sleeve further has a plurality of strenghtening ribs formed with it, said ribs being sized to engage said motor in the intermounted position thereof. 4. The device of claim 3 wherein said enclosure has a bottom wall, said shaft extending through said bottom wall. 5. The device of claim 4 wherein said movement causing means is a cylindrical structure, the rotation of said movement causing means by said motor causing said enclosure to move in a circular orbit. 6. The device of claim 4 wherein said movement causing means comprises a circular base and means for receiving a shaft formed integrally with said base, said base supporting said enclosure and permitting rotation of said enclosure about said base. 7. The device of claim 4 wherein said movement causing means is a cylindrical structure having an outer surface formed in a plurality of lands and grooves formed therein, rotation of said means causing said enclosure to move in a direction having a linear component of movement. 8. The device of claim 1 wherein said movement causing means is a cylindrical structure having an outer surface formed in a plurality of lands and grooves formed therein, rotation of said means causing said enclosure to move in a direction having a linear component movement. 