Window structure for a solar collector shield or the like having a frame defining a row of separate window openings. A self-contained window unit is installed in each opening. Each window unit comprises a pair of rectangular glass panes held in laterally spaced parallel relation by a peripheral window frame. A mounting frame is provided for mounting each window unit in its window opening. Each mounting frame has overlapping frame members. Adjacent side frame members of adjacent window units also overlap. The overlap is for the purpose of excluding moisture and preventing heat loss. A peripheral window seal is provided for the same purpose.
Claims What I claim as my invention is: 1. A self-contained window unit adapted to be assembled in a solar collector shield or the like having means defining a window opening, said window unit comprising a glass pane, retaining means for said pane comprising a window frame extending along the peripheral edge portions of said pane, a mounting frame secured to said window frame for mounting said window unit in said window opening, and a peripheral seal carried by said mounting frame, said peripheral seal having a first portion in sealing contact with said glass pane and a second portion in sealing contact with said window frame. 2. A self-contained window unit as defined in claim 1, wherein said window frame has a flange portion projecting away from said glass pane with which said peripheral seal is in sealing contact as aforesaid. 3. A self-contained window unit as defined in claim 1, wherein said mounting frame and said window frame having flange portions, and means for clamping said second portion of said peripheral seal between said flange portions in sealing contact therewith. 4. A self-contained window unit as defined in claim 3, wherein said mounting frame includes frame members overlapping one another end to end to exclude moisture. 5. A self-contained window unit as defined in claim 3, wherein said first portion of said seal is generally V-shaped in cross section having laterally spaced ridges pressing against said pane. 6. A self-contained window unit adapted to be assembled in a solar collector shield or the like having means defining a window opening, said window unit comprising a glass pane, retaining means for said pane comprising a window frame extending along the peripheral edge portions of said pane, a mounting frame for said window unit, said mounting frame having a portion extending laterally outwardly beyond said glass pane for mounting said window unit in said window opening and to which said window frame is secured, said mounting frame having a portion extending laterally inwardlly of the peripheral edge of said glass pane, and a peripheral seal carried by said laterally inwardly extending portion of said mounting frame having a portion in sealing contact with said glass pane. 7. A self-contained window unit as defined in claim 6, wherein said window frame has a portion extending laterally outwardly beyond said glass pane, and said peripheral seal has a second portion clamped between said laterally outwardly extending portions of said mounting and window frames in sealing contact therewith. 8. A self-contained window unit as defined in claim 7, wherein said window frame has frame members along the top, bottom, and side peripheral edge portions of said glass pane, and said mounting frame has frame members generally co-extensive with said window frame members, certain of the frame members of each frame overlapping one another in end to end relation to exclude moisture. 9. Window structure for a solar collector shield or the like, comprising spaced longitudinal frame bars and a plurality of longitudinally spaced side frame bars extending between said longitudinal frame bars to define a row of separate window openings, a self-contained window unit in each opening, each window unit comprising a glass pane, retaining means for each glass pane comprising a window frame having longitudinal and side frame members extending along the peripheral edge portions thereof, a mounting frame for mounting each window unit in its window opening, each mounting frame having longitudinal and side frame members generally co-extensive with and secured to said longitudinal and side window frame members, and means for securing said mounting frame members to said frame bars, to adjacent side mounting frame members of adjacent window units overlapping one another to exclude moisture, said adjacent side mounting frame members of the two window units in the endmost window openings having upturned flange portions, the remaining window units except one having an upturned flange portion on one side mounting frame member and a downturned flange portion on the other, said one window unit having downturned flange portions on both its side mounting frame members. 10. Window structure for a solar collector shield or the like, comprising spaced longitudinal frame bars and a plurality of longitudinally spaced side frame bars extending between said longitudinal frame bars to define a row of separate window openings, a self-contained window unit in each opening, each window unit comprising a glass pane, retaining means for each glass pane comprising a window frame having longitudinal and side frame members extending along the peripheral edge portions thereof, a mounting frame for mounting each window unit in its window opening, each mounting frame having longitudinal and side frame members generally co-extensive with and secured to said longitudinal and side window frame members, and means for securing said mounting frame members to said frame bars, the adjacent side mounting frame members of adjacent window units overlapping one another to exclude moisture, said adjacent side mounting frame members of the two window units in the endmost window openings having underlying flange portions, the remaining window units except one having an underlying flange portion on one side mounting frame member and overlying flange portion on the other, said one window unit having overlying flange portions on both its side mounting frame members. 11. Window structure as defined in claim 10, wherein said one window unit is in a window opening next adjacent one of the end most window openings. 12. Window structure for a solar collector shield or the like, comprising spaced longitudinal frame bars and a plurality of longitudinally spaced side frame bars extending between said longitudinal frame bars to define a row of separate window openings, a self-contained window unit in each opening, each window unit comprising a glass pane, retaining means for each glass pane comprising a window frame having longitudinal and side frame members extending along the peripheral edge portions thereof, a mounting frame for mounting each window unit in its window opening, each mounting frame having longitudinal and side frame members generally co-extensive with and secured to said longitudinal and side window frame members, and means for securing said mounting frame members to said frame bars, the adjacent side mounting frame members of adjacent window units overlapping one another to exclude moisture, said adjacent side frame members of the two window units in the endmost window openings having underlying portions, and an intermediate window unit having overlying flange portions on both of its side mounting frame members. 