A method and apparatus for collecting solar energy adapted for use with overlapped roof shingles on the roof or side of a building comprising thin flexible metal plates interposed between the overlapped shingles in heat transfer relation therewith such that heat absorbed by the shingles is transferred to the metal plates. The plates extend through the roof via slots provided therein and are affixed in heat transfer relation with pipes containing a fluid.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy collector adapted for use with overlapped roof shingles on the roof of a building, said collector comprising thin flexible metal plates interposed between the overlapped shingles in heat transfer relation therewith such that heat absorbed by the shingles is transferred to the metal plates, said plates being concealed by the shingles, said plates extending through the roof via slots provided therein, and heat receiver means disposed in the interior of the building in heat transfer relation with said plates, said heat receiver means having a pipe for conveying fluid, said plates having inner ends which are affixed to said pipe in heat exchange relation, said inner plate ends being bent in loop form to encircle said pipe. 2. A solar energy collector as claimed in claim 1 wherein said metal plates are copper. 3. A solar energy collector as claimed in claim 2 wherein said plates have black heat absorption surfaces. 4. A solar energy collector as claimed in claim 1 wherein said shingles are made of slate. 5. A solar energy collector as claimed in claim 1 wherein each said loop of the plates is constituted by a solder joint which also affixes the plate to the pipe. 6. A method of collecting solar energy comprising absorbing heat in roof shingles exposed to the sun, transmitting the heat from the roof shingles to thin metal plates interposed between the shingles in heat transfer relation therewith, said plates extending through the roof into the interior thereof via slits provided in said roof and transferring the heat in the plates to a fluid in a pipe around which one end of the plates is wrapped. 7. A method of installing a solar energy collecting system on the roof of a building, said method comprising forming slits in a roof structure in spaced relation with one another, mounting pipes in the interior of the roof structure, laying shingles on the outside of the roof structure in overlapped relation with one another, and interposing between the overlapped shingles, before such overlapping, thin metal heat conductive plates with their inner ends extending through the slits into the interior of the roof, the plates being in heat transfer contact with the overlapped shingles, and affixing the inner ends of the plates to the pipes in heat transfer relation. 