A panel is secured to the roof of a building in spaced relation with the roof so that a flow space for air is defined between the panel and the roof. The upper surface of the panel is defined by a series of channels whose side walls are formed with a concave-convex shape to cause solar radiation to reflect back and forth between opposing side walls a substantial number of times and thereby cause more energy to be absorbed by the panel for the purpose of heating the air in the flow space.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar heat collector comprising a panel adapted for mounting exteriorly of the wall of a building in spaced relation with the wall whereby a flow space is defined between the panel and the wall, said panel being made of a material which is capable of retaining its shape under a wide range of ambient temperature conditions, said panel being of serpentine cross-section and having an outer side defined by a series of outwardly opening and substantially V-shaped channels, each side wall of each channel being of a permanent shape and of low reflectivity and having a concavely curved outer end portion and a convexly curved inner end portion, the outer end portion of the side wall of each channel merging gradually with the inner end portion thereof. 2. A solar heat collector comprising a panel adapted for mounting above the roof of a building in spaced relation with the roof whereby a flow space is defined between the roof and the lower side of the panel, said panel being made of a material which is capable of retaining its shape under a wide range of ambient temperature conditions, said panel being of serpentine cross-section and having an upper side defined by a series of upwardly opening and substantially V-shaped channels disposed in side-by-side relation and all extending in the same direction, each side wall of each channel being of a permanent shape and of low reflectivity and having a concavely curved upper end portion and having a convexly curved lower end portion, the upper end portion of the side wall of each channel merging gradually with the lower end portion thereof. 3. A solar heat collector as defined in claim 2 in which the upper and lower end portions of the side wall of each channel are defined by surfaces which continuously curve. 4. A solar heat collector as defined in claim 2 in which the upper and lower portions of the side wall of each channel are defined by a plurality of planar surfaces which are joined to one another. 5. A solar heat collector as defined in claim 2 in which the lower side of said panel is defined by a series of downwardly opening and substantially V-shaped channels disposed in side-by-side relation and all extending in substantially the same direction, each side wall of each of the latter channels having a convexly curved upper end portion and a concavely curved lower end portion. 6. A solar heat collector as defined in claim 5 further including a series of substantially vertically spaced fins extending along the side walls of said downwardly opening channels. 7. A solar heat collector as defined in claim 2 further including an upwardly projecting male connector on one side edge of said panel, a downwardly opening female connector on the opposite side edge of said panel, said male connector being adapted to interfit with the female connector of an identical panel disposed adjacent said one side edge of said one panel, and said female connector being adapted to interfit with the male connector of another identical panel disposed adjacent said opposite side edge of said one panel. 