Solar energy collector assembly including a solar energy collector in an enclosed space housing with bottom closure member secured by a snap-fit spring channel and low thermal conductivity mating projection therefor, a collector member securing means comprising a plurality of stiff low thermal conductivity wire retainers and top cover securing and sealing means comprising a seal and clamp engaging the top cover just inward of its periphery, to prevent intrusion of condensate in the enclosed space of the housing.
Claims Having thus described my invention, I claim as my invention, the following: 1. In a solar energy collector assembly including elongated side members having a top and bottom edge, a transparent sheet top cover member disposed at the top of said side members, and a bottom closure member disposed at the bottom of said side members, said side members, transparent sheet and closure member together forming an enclosed space housing within which is disposed a solar energy collector means, the improvement consisting of: (a) bottom closure member securing means comprising (i) a projection, extending inwardly into said enclosed housing space, along the length of said side members near the bottom thereof, the inner edge of said projection overlapping the outer portion of said bottom closure member along the periphery thereof, said projection including spring channel retaining tips, and (ii) a spring channel including a portion abutting said closure member on the surface portion thereof opposite that which overlaps the inner edge of said projection, said spring channel adapted to be engaged and retained by said tips, and thereby to secure bottom closure member between said spring channel and said inwardly extending projection; (b) collector member securing means comprising a plurality of stiff low thermal conductivity wire retainers disposed at spaced intervals about the periphery of said collector, each such retainer being attached to said collector and to said side members; and (c) top cover securing and sealing means comprising a seal engaging the bottom surface of said top cover along and inward of the periphery thereof and clamping means pressing said top cover downwardly into engagement with said seal, the edge of said bottom horizontally disposed surface between said seal and said periphery being free of engagement with any mating surface to prevent retention of condensate thereon. 2. Solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 1, wherein said spring channel retaining tips consist of (I) a vertical tip adapted to retain a part of said spring channel in engagement therewith from inward movement and (II) an inward tip forming a groove adapted to receive and engage an outwardly projecting lip on said spring channel, said spring channel being slightly distended between said engaging tips in a manner causing said closure member to be pressed against the inner overlapping edge of said inward projection. 3. Solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 1, wherein said top covering securing and sealing means include a gasket resting on an inwardly turned upper flange of said side members, said clamping means extends upwardly from said side members and overlies the outer edge of the upper surface of said top cover, and the outer edge of said top cover extends outward of said gasket. 4. Solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 3, wherein said inwardly turned upper flange of said side members includes means for permitting the escape of condensate collected at the outer edge of said top cover. 5. Solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 4, wherein said inwardly turned upper flange of said side member includes an upwardly turned lip with a flat top surface adapted to sealingly engage said gasket. 6. Solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 5, wherein said side member upper flange lip top surface and said gasket are adapted to be snap fit together. 7. Solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 6, wherein said side member upper flange lip top surface includes a central depression along the length thereof and said gasket, in its relaxed state, is curved upwardly along its center line. 8. Solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 7, wherein said gasket includes at least one raised bead along the center line of its top surface. 9. Solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 7, wherein said gasket includes edge beads along its side edges, said edge beads being adapted to secure said gasket to said top surface of said side member flange lip. 10. Solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 8, wherein said gasket includes edge beads along its side edges, said edge beads being adapted to secure said gasket to said top surface of said side member flange lip. 11. Solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 5, wherein said inwardly turned upper lip also includes a downwardly turned lip adapted to receive a connector supporting said solar energy collector means. 12. Solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 11, wherein said downwardly turned lip includes a channel in which are secured said collector member securing means. 13. Solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 12, wherein said channel at the lengthwise ends thereof receives retainer bolts projecting through the sides of mating side walls of the assembly at the mating corners thereof. 14. Solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 12, wherein said channel includes an upper opening and said securing means includes an upper section adapted to fit in said channel opening and is retained therein by line or point contact. 15. Solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 1, wherein a second transparent cover is interposed between said top cover and said solar energy collector. 16. Solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 1, wherein said side members are secured to one another at mating mitered corners by the engagement of a spring channel corner piece adapted to engage the respective retaining tips of said mating side members. 17. Solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 1, wherein the bottom of said side members includes mating side member attachment means. 18. Solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 17, wherein said side member attachment means comprises a bolt receiving screw slot adapted to receive a bolt projecting through the outer side face of a mating side member. 19. Solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 17, wherein said side member attachment means comprises a channel along the length thereof, said channel and the continuation thereof at the mating corners of said side member with adjoining similar side members being adapted to receive and securely engage a connector member, said member being adapted to hold the adjoining side panels in assembled relation to one another. 20. Solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 17, wherein said mating side member attachment means is a channel along the length thereof, said channel also adapted to receive a pin about which a mounting member adapted to pivot about the axis of said pin may be engaged, said mounting member also permitting limited movement of the solar energy collector assembly along the length of said pin relative to said mounting member. 21. Solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 17, wherein said mating side member attachment means at the bottom of said side members is disposed outside of the enclosed space of said housing. 22. Solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 1, wherein said side members are braced by an upside down "T"-shaped member, the bottom surface which rests on said bottom closure member and is adhesively secured thereto. 