An improved solar energy collector assembly with a multiple glazed outer face, a flat collector member and an insulated bottom and side enclosure is provided with significantly enhanced thermal efficiency due to the mounting of the heat collector member and one or more inner glazing or transparent sheets in a manner to minimize conductive heat losses from this part of the assembly to the remainder of the assembly.
Claims I claim: 1. In a solar energy collector assembly consisting of a housing having side and bottom sections, a solar energy collector member overlying said bottom section, a first inner transparent sheet overlying said member, and a second outer transparent sheet overlying said first transparent sheet, said second sheet being attached to said side housing sections and forming with said side and bottom sections an enclosure for said assembly, the improvement wherein said first transparent sheet and said energy collector member are thermally insulated from and spaced from the side and bottom housing sections and the second transparent sheet, a plurality of low thermal conductivity projections extending from said housing inwardly, said collector member and said first inner transparent sheet contacting and being supported by said projections at spaced locations about the periphery thereof, the space to the side and below said collector member and surrounding said projections being filled with thermal insulation material. 2. An improved solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 1, wherein said first and second transparent sheets are glass and said solar energy collector member is a generally flat member with a high efficiency solar energy absorption coating on the surface thereof facing said transparent sheets and conduits for a heat exchange fluid on the reverse side thereof, with means for introducing heat exchange fluid to said conduits and for removing said heat exchange fluid from said conduits. 3. An improved solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 2, further including at least one additional transparent sheet interposed between said first transparent sheet and said second transparent sheet. 4. An improved solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 3, wherein said additional transparent sheet is also insulated from and spaced from said side and bottom housing sections and supported by said projections. 5. An improved solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 2, wherein said projections project upwardly from the bottom section of said enclosure. 6. An improved solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 2, wherein said projections project inwardly from the side section of said enclosure. 7. An improved solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 2, wherein said projections consist of a plurality of plastic mounting members. 8. An improved solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 2, wherein said projections consist of a plurality of stainless steel rods. 9. An improved solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 2, wherein said inner transparent sheet is spaced from said collector member and supported in said spaced relationship by a support member, said support member and said collector member in turn being supported by said projections. 10. An improved solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 9, including a second inner transparent member interposed between said first inner transparent member and said outer transparent member, said second inner transparent member being supported by and spaced from said first inner transparent sheet by a further extension of said inner transparent sheet support member. 11. An improved solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 2, wherein at spaced locations about the periphery of said collector member, portions of the edge of said collector member are turned upwardly toward said inner transparent member and form a support member upon which said inner transparent sheet is mounted. 12. An improved solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 2, wherein said inner transparent sheet consists of a transparent film held in tension and supported by a support member extending upwardly from said collector member. 13. An improved solar energy collector assembly, as recited in claim 12, wherein said upwardly extending support member is turned upwardly at its outer end to receive a snap fitting rod member about which an end of said transparent film is wrapped, whereby said film is held in tension in space parallel relation to said collector member. 