A roof or wall structure comprises a support framework including battens or the like and a plurality of tile-like solar heat collectors mounted thereon. The solar heat collectors have respective cavities therein within which respective heater coils or the like are disposed. The heater coils have inlets and outlets which are in fluid-flow connection with channels in the battens.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A building roof which includes a support structure, roof tiles, and roof battens disposed on the support structure for mounting the roof tiles, the roof tiles including a cavity and a solar collector means arranged in the cavity adapted to be traversed by a heat carrier medium, characterized in that the solar collector means further includes inlet means and outlet means for conveying the heat carrier medium to and from the solar collector means, channel means are provided in each roof batten for delivering the heat carrier medium to the inlet means and receiving the heat carrier medium from the outlet means of the solar collector means, said channel means including a portion extending parallel to the inlet means and outlet means of the solar collector means, each roof tile having a supporting area for supporting the same at the roof batten, and in that the inlet means and outlet means for the solar collector means are disposed in the supporting area and are adapted to be joined with the channel means of the roof battens. 2. A building roof according to claim 1, characterized in that the inlet means and the outlet means of the solar collector means include plug connectors cooperable with connecting means arranged on the roof tiles and the roof battens respectively. 3. A building roof according to claim 2, characterized in that the plug connectors serve, at the same time, for fixing the roof tiles to the roof battens. 4. A building roof according to claim 1, characterized in that the channel means undertake at least a supporting function for the roof tiles. 5. A building roof according to claim 1, characterized in that the channel means are embedded with an insulating material on the upper side of a ridge of one length of the roof battens. 6. A building roof according to claim 1, characterized in that said channel means includes a single channel arranged in each batten, the inlet means and outlet means are respectively constructed as one inlet and outlet connecting with the single channel, and in that means are arranged in said single channel for isolating the inlet from the outlet of the solar collector means. 7. A building roof according to claim 1, characterized in that the roof tile further includes an outer supporting body constructed of an insulating material affixed to the roof batten, and in that the solar collector means is disposed on an upper side of the outer supporting body and is arranged so as to slope in a direction of solar irradiation. 8. A building roof according to claim 7, characterized in that the outer supporting body has an essentially triangular cross-sectional configuration. 9. A building roof according to claim 7, characterized in that each of the supporting bodies includes projections and recesses provided at opposite ends thereof, said projections and recesses being arranged such that a projection of one supporting body is adapted to be accommodated in a recess of an adjacent supporting body so as to couple the supporting bodies to each other. 10. A building roof according to claim 9, characterized in that a transparent cover is arranged on each of the supporting bodies on an upper side thereof. 11. A building roof according to claim 10, characterized in that the outer supporting body has an essentially triangular cross-sectional configuration. 12. A building roof according to claim 1, characterized in that a first undercut portion is provided on an upper side of each of the roof tiles in the supporting area, and in that a complementary undercut portion is provided on an underside of each of the roof tiles at a position opposite the supporting area. 13. A building roof according to claim 1, characterized in that a reflecting foil is arranged between the roof tile and the solar collector means in a boundary area of each of the roof tiles. 14. A building roof according to claim 1, characterized in that an upper surface of the roof tile is uneven. 15. A building roof according to claim 1, characterized in that each roof tile is provided with a projection in the supporting area thereof which is adapted to cooperate with a complementary bevel provided on the roof batten so as to hold the respective roof tiles relative to the roof batten. 16. A building roof according to claim 1, characterized in that a transparent cover is arranged on an upper side of each of the roof tiles. 17. A building roof according to claim 16, characterized in that a reflecting foil is arranged between the roof tile and the solar collector means in a boundary area of each of the roof tiles. 