A solar system heating component is provided for use in a solar heating system. The heating system comprises a solar collector structure operatively connected to a heat-dissipating structure for using the heat energy which the system produces. Refrigerant is used in the system. The refrigerant is boiled in the collector and condensed in the heat dissipating structure. The solar heating system component is located downstream from the heat dissipating structure and prevents flow of liquid refrigerant back to the collector structure when the temperature in the system rises to a predetermined level. The component also includes other structure including a sight glass, servicing structure and means for mounting auxilliary components.
Claims What I claim as my invention is: 1. A closed solar heating system comprising a solar collector structure, heat dissipating structure, and means for producing the circulation of a refrigerant heat transfer medium in gaseous form from the collector structure to the heat dissipating structure to the collector structure, all connected together in operative relationship, a refrigerant heat transfer medium in the system, said heat dissipating structure having a volume capacity sufficient to store all of the refrigerant heat transfer medium in the system when said medium is in liquid form, a thermostatically operated valve provided in the means for producing the circulation of a refrigerant heat transfer medium in liquid form from the heat dissipating structure to the collector structure, said thermostatically operated valve including means to normally hold the valve in the open position when the temperature of the liquid refrigerant passing therethrough is below a predetermined level, said thermostatically operated valve including means responsive to temperature to cause closing of the valve when the temperature of the liquid refrigerant passing therethrough rises above the predetermined level, said solar collector being located to receive sun rays, said heat dissipating structure being effective to transfer heat to a heat receiving medium during periods of sunlight. 2. A closed solar heating system as in claim 1, further characterized in that the refrigerant heat transfer medium is a fluorinated hydrocarbon. 3. A closed solar heating system as in claim 1, further characterized in the provision of an on-off valve in the means for circulating the liquid heat transfer medium between the heat dissipating structure and the collector structure. 4. A closed solar heating system as in claim 1, further characterized in the provision of a closed vessel in the means for circulating the liquid heat transfer medium between the heat dissipating structure and the collector structure, wall structure within said closed vessel dividing the vessel into two compartments, said thermostatically operated valve being mounted on said wall structure, said wall structure including a valve opening, said thermostatically operated valve including a valve element being movable to a position out of alignment with said wall structure to permit liquid refrigerant to flow through said opening, said valve structure being movable to a position in alignment with said wall structure to prevent movement of liquid refrigerant through said opening. 5. A closed solar heating system as in claim 4, further characterized in the provision of a sight glass and float elements on said vessel, said sight glass being located in substantial alignment with the upper portion of said collector structure so as to permit observation of the level of liquid refrigerant in the upper portion of said collector structure. 6. A closed solar heating system as in claim 5, further characterized in the provision of additional valve structure on said vessel, said additional valve structure permitting charging or evacuating the solar heating system with refrigerant heat transfer medium. 7. A closed solar heating system as in claim 6, further characterized in that the additional valve structure includes means for mounting a pressure gauge. 8. A closed solar heating system as in claim 7, further characterized in that the additional valve structure includes means for opening the interior of said vessel to either the means for mounting a pressure gauge or the means for evacuating or charging the system. 