A support for mounting solar energy collectors on a roof of a building, which roof has an opening in the roof sheeting, includes a shell having a generally flat rectangular base and an upstanding edge secured to, and extending about the periphery of the base and a frame secured to, and extending about, the periphery of the shell. The frame is configured and dimensional to correspond to the outer surface shape of the roof sheeting and to permit mating receipt thereof in the opening of the sheeting.
Claims I claim: 1. A support for mounting solar energy collectors upon the roof rafters or laths of a roof of a building, said support being matingly receivable in an opening in the roof covering material, comprising: a shell having a generally flat, rectangular base and an upstanding edge secured to, and extending about the entire periphery of said base; and a frame secured to, and extending about, the entire periphery of said shell, generally normally to said upstanding edge and spaced below the uppermost portion of said edge, said frame being configured and dimensioned to correspond to the outer surface shape of the roof covering material and to permit mating receipt thereof in said opening of said roof covering material. 2. The support according to claim 1, wherein said frame has formed thereon a water drainage channel disposed adjacent and parallel to the longitudinal sides of said shell edge. 3. The support according to claim 1, wherein said shell is lined with a heat insulating material. 4. The support according to claim 3, wherein said heat insulating material is foam plastic material. 5. The support according to claim 1, wherein said shell is lined with a heat-reflecting material. 6. The support according to claim 5, wherein said heat-reflecting material is aluminum foil. 7. The support according to claim 1, additionally including fastening means secured to the underside of said shell for securing said support to roof laths and rafters. 8. The support according to claim 7, wherein said fastening means comprise generally Z-shaped brackets. 9. The support according to claim 8, wherein said shell base has sealable apertures formed therein. 10. The support according to claim 1 wherein said shell and frame comprises a one-piece, unitary construction fabricated from glass fiber-reinforced polyester resin. 