A portable power supply including a rechargeable battery, an array of solar cells, a heat sink thermally engaging the cells and the batteries for transmission from the former to the latter, and a cover pivotal between a first position in which it protects the solar cells and a second position in which it supports the unit with the cells in optimum orientation for insulation.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar panel including a plurality of solar cells mounted on the surface of a heat sink having heat conductive fins, a rechargeable battery, and means including a housing for mounting said panel and said battery so that heat is transferred between said sink and said battery. 2. A structure according to claim 1 in which said fins engage a surface of said battery. 3. A structure according to claim 1 including means electrically connecting said panel in charging relation to said battery, means for taking an electrical output from said battery, and means operable to indicate the condition of charge of the battery. 4. A power source including a housing, a generally flat solar cell panel mounted to comprise one face of said housing, and cover means pivotally mounted on said housing for movement between a first position, in which it substantially overlies said panel, and a second position, in which it supports said housing with said panel at a predetermined angle with respect to the horizontal. 5. A power source according to claim 4 in which said cover member comprises a first generally flat panel and further generally flat panels perpendicular thereto, said further panels being mutually spaced by a distance equal to one dimension of said solar cell panel and having the outlines of similar truncated obtuse triangles having bases intersecting said first flat panel, first base angles greater than 90.degree. , second base angles, and apex angles spaced from said first flat panel by substantially the dimension of said housing perpendicular to said solar cell panel. 6. A power source according to claim 5 in which said cover means is pivoted at said apex angles to opposite corners of said housing remote from said solar cell panel. 7. A power source according to claim 5 in which said apex angle is such that when said cover means is pivoted into said second position, said solar cell panel makes an angle of about 45.degree. with the horizontal. 8. A power source according to claim 5 in which said apex angle is such that when said cover means is pivoted into said second position said solar cell panel makes an angle of between 30.degree. and 60.degree. with the horizontal. 9. A power source according to claim 4 including an instruction plate secured to said cover means so as to lie against said solar cell panel in said first position of said cover means. 