An acousto-optic coupler for enhancing safety and control of glide slope ection between approaching aircraft and carrier landing facilities. Aircraft engine noise is mechanically coupled through the airframe to modulate light beam signals generated by an aircraft landing light. An optical receiver on board the carrier receives the modulated light beam which is detected, filtered and amplified to produce an output signal from an acoustic transducer. The acoustic output signal is monitored by landing personnel for changes in engine noise responsive to carrier originated commands for glide slope control.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An acoustic-optic coupler for enhancing safety and control of glide slope direction between an approaching aircraft and a landing facility by communication of information indicative of acoustical pitch of an operating engine mounted upon the airframe of the aircraft to a landing signal officer at the facility, in combination, comprising: light generating means formed to be mechanically coupled to the airframe of the aircraft, said light generating means being sensitive to airframe vibrations for projecting light radiation modulated thereby, a portion of said vibrations being induced by sonic perturbations of engine; and optical receiver means formed to be mounted on the landing facility and optically connected to receive the light radiation from said light generating means for producing an acoustic output signal to the officer replicative of the acoustical pitch of the engine. 2. An acoustic-optic coupler according to claim 1 wherein said light generating means comprises at least one aircraft landing light including a filament which is sensitive to airframe vibrations. 3. An acousto-optic coupler according to claim 1 wherein said optical receiver means further comprises: photodetecting means optically connected to receive the light radiation from said light generating means for producing an analog output signal indicative of the vibrations; filter means connected to receive said photodetecting means output signal for producing a filtered output signal having a frequency range indicative of the acoustical pitch of the engine; and acoustic generating means connected to receive said filter means output signal for providing the acoustic output signal of said optical receiver means. 4. An acousto-optic coupler according to claim 3 wherein said photodetecting means further comprises: means for optically collecting the light radiation from said light generating means and for focusing the collected radiation at an output; a photojunction optically connected to receive the output radiation from said optical collection means for transforming the radiation into an analog output signal indicative of the vibrations; and amplifying means connected to receive said photojunction output signal for producing an amplified output signal representative thereof. 5. An acousto-optic coupler according to claim 4 wherein said photojunction is a silicon photodiode operating in the photovoltaic mode. 6. An acousto-optic coupler according to claim 4 wherein said acoustic generating means further comprises: audio amplifying means connected to receive said filter means output signal for producing an amplified output signal representative thereof; and an acoustic transducer connected to receive said audio amplifying means output signal for producing said optical receiver means output signal. 7. An acousto-optic coupler according to claim 6 wherein said acoustic transducer is a headphone. 8. An acousto-optic coupler for enhancing safety and control of glide slope direction between an approaching aircraft and a landing facility by communication of information indicative of acoustical pitch of an operating engine mounted upon the airframe of the aircraft to a landing signal officer at the facility, in combination, comprising: at least one light mechanically coupled to the airframe of the aircraft, said light including a filament sensitive to airframe vibrations for projecting light radiation modulated thereby, a portion of said vibrations being induced by sonic perturbations of the engine; photodetecting means optically connected to receive the modulated radiation from said light for producing an analog output signal indicative of the vibrations; a filter connected to receive said photodetecting means output signal for producing a filtered output signal having a frequency range indicative of the acoustical pitch of the engine; and acoustic transducer means connected to receive said filter output signal for providing an acoustic replica of the aircraft engine pitch. 9. An acousto-optic coupler according to claim 8 wherein said photodetecting means further comprises: means for optically collecting the radiation from said light and for focusing the collected radiation at an output; a photojunction optically connected to receive the output radiation from said optical collecting means for transforming the radiation into an analog output signal indicative of the vibrations; and amplifying means connected to receive said photojunction output signal for producing an amplified output signal representative thereof. 10. An acousto-optic coupler according to claim 9 wherein said photojunction is a silicon photodiode operating in the photovoltaic mode. 11. A method of assisting guidance of an approaching aircraft along a glide slope to a landing facility, comprising: collecting a modulated light beam at the landing facility, the beam being projected from the aircraft and modulated by airframe vibrations in accordance with sonic perturbations generated by an aircraft engine; converting the beam to an analog response indicative of the vibrations; producing an acoustic signal from the analog response in a frequency range indicative of acoustical pitch of the engine; generating an audible tone replicative of the acoustical pitch of the engine; and monitoring the tone by a landing signal officer to detect changes in the acoustical pitch of the engine thereby insuring proper engine response to glide slope directives of the officer. 