A modular solar collector comprises a plurality of detachably interconnected modules forming a closed structural surface. Each module comprises a solar collector unit with a cavity receiving a heat carrier fluid through an inlet and delivering the heated fluid through an outlet, the inlet and out each having a coupling part. The unit is carried on a mounting plate which has a conduit portion for the fluid embedded therein. The inlet and outlet ends of the conduit portion each has a coupling part. The inlet end coupling part and the outlet coupling part, on the one hand, and the outlet end coupling part and the inlet coupling part, on the other hand, are matched for detachable assembly to form detachable joints between respective registering pairs of the coupling parts for detachably assembling the unit and the mounting plate. One of the detachable joints detachably assembles adjacent ones of the mounting elements and the conduit portions detachably joined to the cavities form a conduit system for the heat carrier fluid to and from the cavities. The unit comprises a transparent front plate, a rear plate, the plates defining the cavity therebetween, and an element arranged between the outer surface of the front plate and the inner surface of the rear plate which does not transmit solar radiation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A modular energy conversion apparatus for converting solar into thermal energy, comprising a plurality of detachably interconnected modules, each module comprising (a) an energy conversion unit arranged for exposure to solar radiation and defining a cavity capable of receiving a heat carrier fluid, the unit including (1) an inlet and an outlet for the fluid in communication with the cavity, and (2) the inlet and the outlet each having a coupling part, and (b) a mounting element carrying the energy conversion unit and including (1) a conduit portion embedded therein, and having an inlet and an outlet end, (2) the inlet and outlet ends of the conduit portion each having a coupling part, (3) the inlet end coupling part and the outlet coupling part, on the one hand, and the outlet end coupling part and the inlet coupling part, on the other hand, being matched for detachable assembly to form detachable joints between respectively registering pairs of the coupling parts for detachably assembling the energy conversion unit and the mounting element, and (4) one of the detachable joints detachably assembling adjacent ones of the mounting elements, registering ones of the coupling parts forming the one detachable joint, the conduit portions detachably joined to the cavities forming a conduit system for the heat carrier fluid to and from the cavities. 2. The modular energy conversion apparatus of claim 1, wherein the mounting element is a plate-shaped body having an upper surface, further comprising a mounting and guide device for the energy conversion unit on the upper surface. 3. The modular energy conversion apparatus of claim 1, wherein at least a surface region of the mounting element adjacent the energy conversion unit is of moisture-proof and thermally insulating material. 4. The modular energy conversion apparatus of claim 3, wherein the mounting element is a multi-layered synthetic resin body. 5. The modular energy conversion apparatus of claim 4, wherein the synthetic resin bocy is comprised of a polyurethane foam layer having laminated thereto a glass fiber reinforced synthetic resin surface layer. 6. The modular energy conversion apparatus of claim 1, wherein the mounting element has a shoulder projecting laterally from an upper surface thereof at one end of the element and an abutement projecting downwardly from a lower surface of the element at an opposite end thereof whereby the adjacent mounting elements may be assembled in series to form a roof covering, the shoulder of one mounting element overlapping the upper surface of the adjacent mounting element and the one detachable joint extending therethrough, and the abutements of the mounting elements being adapted for engagement with roof battens for supporting the roof covering on a roof frame structure. 7. The modular energy conversion apparatus of claim 1, wherein one of the edges of the mounting element forms a gutter and an opposite edge thereof forms a coping. 8. The modular energy conversion apparatus of claim 1, wherein the mounting element has a shoulder projecting laterally from an upper surface thereof at one end of the element whereby adjacent elements may be assembled in series with the shoulder of one element overlapping the upper surface of the underlying adjacent element, the shoulder defining a vertically extending bore to receive the one detachable joint. 9. The modular energy conversion apparatus of claim 1, wherein the mounting element in the region embedding the conduit portion is of a light-transparent material in the direction of the upper surface supporting the energy conversion unit and a light-absorbing material in a direction opposite thereto. 10. The modular energy conversion apparatus of claim 1, wherein the coupling parts extend perpendicular to the respective surfaces with which they are associated. 11. The modular energy conversion apparatus of claim 1, wherein the coupling parts forming each of the detachable joints are telescopingly assembled, and further comprising sealing members mounted in annular grooves in one of the coupling parts for forming fluid-tight joints. 12. The modular energy conversion apparatus of claim 1, wherein the coupling parts form readily detachable snap joints, and further comprising a check valve mounted in the coupling part of the conduit portion and operable to close the conduit portion upon detachment of the coupling parts from each other. 13. The modular energy conversion apparatus of claim 12, further comprising a fixing device for detachably holding the coupling parts together, the fixing device being mounted on the coupling part of the conduit portion, and the mounting element defining an aperture adapted to receive a tool for making the fixing device inoperative. 14. A closed modular structural surface including energy conversion apparatus for converting solar into thermal energy, comprising a plurality of detachably interconnected modules forming the surface, each module comprising (a) an energy conversion unit arranged for exposure to solar radiation and defining a cavity capable of receiving a heat carrier fluid, and (b) a mounting element carrying the energy conversion unit and including (1) a conduit portion embedded therein, the conduit portion joining the cavity to form a conduit system for the heat carrier fluid to and from the cavity, (2) first means to connect adjacent ones of the mounting elements to form the closed surface and second means to interconnect the conduit portions of the connected mounting elements, and (3) said first means detachably mounting the energy conversion unit on the mounting element and said second means detachably joining the conduit portion to the cavity. 15. The closed modular structural surface of claim 14, wherein the ends of the conduit portion have coupling parts complementary to respective ends of the cavity. 16. The closed modular structural surface of claim 15, wherein the mounting elements are arranged in superposed horizontal rows, the complementary coupling parts extending vertically. 17. The closed modular structural surface of claim 14, wherein the conduit system comprised of the conduit portions in the connected mounting elements has respective inlet and outlet end couplings for the heat carrier fluid. 18. The closed modular structural surface of claim 14, wherein the mounting elements are arranged in respective horizontal rows, the conduit portions having horizontally extending conduit parts for detachably joining the coupling portions of adjacent ones of the elements. 19. The closed modular structural surface of claim 18, wherein the mounting elements are arranged in adjacent horizontal rows, each one of the adjacent rows having a respective end mounting element, the conduit portions in the end mounting elements being connected to each other. 20. The closed modular structural surface of claim 14, wherein the mounting elements are plate-shaped bodies arranged in overlapping relationship to form a roof covering. 21. The closed modular structural surface of claim 20, wherein the mounting elements have shoulders projecting from one end thereof and overlapping an underlying end of an adjacent ones of the mounting elements. 22. The closed modular structural surface of claim 20, wherein the plate-shaped bodies are roof tiles. 23. The closed modular structural surface of claim 14, wherein the mounting elements are plate-shaped bodies arranged in a plane and abuttingly joined along adjoining edges thereof. 24. The closed modular structural surface of claim 23, further comprising a sealing material in the abutting joints. 25. The closed modular structural surface of claim 23, wherein the plate-shaped bodies form a wall, each of the bodies defining bores in registry with the bores in the adjoining bodies, and elongated reinforcement elements passing through the bores and held therein. 26. The closed modular structural surface of claim 14, further comprising at respective ends thereof elements complementary to the mounting elements but carrying no energy conversion units, conduit portions being embedded in the end elements for connection to the conduit portions in the adjacent mounting elements. 