A solar energy collector providing both concentrating-tracking functions and non-concentrating diffuse absorption functions in a single unit. The solar energy collector and process may provide both a higher temperature heat transfer fluid and a lower temperature heat transfer fluid for utilization in various processes, such as environmental conditioning, which may advantageously utilize thermal energy of two different temperatures. The solar energy thermal collector and process of this invention provides a high temperature thermal output in combination with a simplified tracking capability.
Claims I claim: 1. A multimode solar energy collector comprising: a transparent tubular body portion having end closures sealing each end of said body portion providing a fluid-tight cavity within the tube, a concentrator-reflector within the tube, a focal-line solar energy absorber in the focus of said concentrator-reflector, means for removal of absorbed energy from said focal-line solar energy absorber to the exterior of said tube, a diffuse solar energy absorber within the tube adapted to be in the path of reflected or diffuse solar radiation, a low temperature fluid conduit in thermal exchange relation with said diffuse solar energy absorber, heat exchanger fluid in said conduit and means for introducing and withdrawing the heat exchange fluid from said collector, said concentrator-reflector adapted to be in the path of direct solar radiation and focusing said direct radiation to said focal-line absorber and said diffuse absorber adapted to be in the path of reflected or diffuse solar radiation. 2. The multimode solar energy collector of claim 1 wherein said cavity is evacuated to about 10.sup.-3 mm to about 10.sup.-8 mm of mercury. 3. The multimode solar energy collector of claim 1 wherein said focal-line solar energy absorber is coated with a selective coating enhancing absorption of solar energy of the wavelengths received by said focal-line absorber. 4. The multimode solar energy collector of claim 1 wherein said focal-line energy absorber is coated with a photovoltaic material or fitted with photovoltaic cells directly converting the solar energy into electrical energy. 5. The multimode solar energy collector of claim 1 wherein said concentrator-reflector is in movable relation to the tube. 6. The multimode solar energy collector of claim 5 wherein said concentrator-reflector is split along its long axis into multiple components separately movable in relation to the tube. 7. The multimode solar energy collector of claim 6 wherein said concentrator-reflector is split along its long axis into two halves separately movable in relation to the tube. 8. The multimode solar energy collector of claim 5 additionally having moving means for moving said concentrator-reflector. 9. The multimode solar energy collector of claim 8 wherein said moving means is a movable weight within said tube. 10. The multimode solar energy collector of claim 8 wherein said moving means is a movable magnetic body exterior to said tube. 11. A multimode solar energy collector assembly comprising: a series of parallel multimode solar energy collectors each comprising; a transparent tubular body portion having end closures sealing each end of said body portion providing a fluid-tight cavity within the tube, a concentrator-reflector within the tube, a focal-line solar energy absorber in the focus of said concentrator-reflector, means for removal of absorbed energy from said focal-line solar energy absorber to the exterior of said tube, and a diffuse solar energy absorber within the tube adapted to be in the path of reflected or diffuse solar radiation, a low temperature fluid conduit in thermal exchange relation with said diffuse solar energy absorber, heat exchange fluid in said conduit and means for introducing and withdrawing the heat exchange fluid from said collector, said concentrator-reflector adapted to be in the path of direct solar radiation and focusing said direct radiation to said focal-line absorber and said diffuse absorber adapted to be in the path of reflected or diffuse solar radiation; a collector mounting means for mounting each of said collectors; moving means providing tracking-rotation of each said concentrator-reflector; and a reflective backing surface below each said collector adapted to reflect solar radiation upward toward each said collector. 12. The multimode solar energy collector assembly of claim 11 wherein each said focal-line solar energy absorber is coated with a selective coating enhancing absorption of solar energy of the wavelengths received by each said focal-line absorber. 13. The multimode solar energy collector assembly of claim 11 wherein each said focal-line energy absorber is coated with a photovoltaic material or fitted with photovoltaic cells directly converting the solar energy into electrical energy. 14. The multimode solar energy collector assembly of claim 11 wherein each said concentrator-reflector is in movable relation to its respective tube. 15. The multimode solar energy collector assembly of claim 14 wherein each said concentrator-reflector is split along its long axis into multiple components separately movable in relation to its respective tube. 16. The multimode solar energy collector assembly of claim 15 wherein each said concentrator-reflector is split along its long axis into two halves separately movable in relation to its respective tube. 17. The multimode solar energy collector assembly of claim 14 additionally having moving means for moving each said concentrator-reflector. 18. The multimode solar energy collector assembly of claim 17 wherein said moving means is a movable weight within each said tube. 19. The multimode solar energy collector assembly of claim 17 wherein said moving means is a movable magnetic body exterior to each said tube. 20. The multimode solar energy collector assembly of claim 11 wherein each said cavity is evacuated to about 10.sup.-3 mm to about 10.sup.-8 mm of mercury. 21. A process for multimode solar energy absorption comprising; maintaining a focal-line solar energy absorber in the focus of a concentrator-reflector, both being in a fluid-tight cavity within a transparent tube, placing said concentrator-reflector in the path of direct solar radiation, focusing said direct solar radiation to said focal-line absorber, removing absorbed energy from said focal-line absorber to the exterior of said tube, and passing heat exchange fluid in thermal exchange relation with a diffuse solar absorber within said cavity, diffuse solar radiation being reflected to said diffuse absorber. 22. The process of claim 21 wherein said focal-line solar energy absorber is coated with a selective coating enhancing absorption of solar energy of the wavelengths received by said focal-line absorber. 23. The process of claim 21 wherein said focal-line energy absorber is coated with a photovoltaic material or fitted with photovoltaic cells directly converting the solar energy into electrical energy. 24. The process of claim 21 wherein said concentrator-reflector is in movable relation to the tube. 25. The process of claim 24 wherein said concentrator-reflector is split along its axis into multiple components separately movable in relation to the tube. 26. The process of claim 25 wherein said concentrator-reflector is split along its long axis into two halves separately movable in relation to the tube, each of said halves movable to a position for reflection from each side of a portion of incoming diffuse solar energy to the upper surface of said diffuse solar absorber and said position allowing direct diffuse solar radiation to be absorbed by the upper surface of said diffuse solar absorber. 27. The process of claim 24 wherein said concentrator-reflector is moved by a movable weight within said tube. 28. The process of claim 24 wherein said concentrator-reflector is moved by a movable magnetic body exterior to said tube. 29. The process of claim 21 wherein said cavity is evacuated to about 10.sup.-3 to about 10.sup.-8 mm of mercury. 