A solar shutter or blind for windows using plastic vanes having horizontal channels for encasing a phase change material possessing a high value of heat of fusion at a fusion transition temperature somewhat above the desired ambient temperature of the room to be heated. In one form, the vanes are interconnected together with a reversing mechanism for turning the solar heat collection surfaces of the vanes inwardly or outwardly in relation to the window while in another form the vanes are swung as a unit to face outwardly as a shutter, alongside of a window or inwardly to reradiate energy through the window. In another form the vanes are pivotally mounted as a blind forming array and are provided with solar radiation reflective surfaces on one side and black surfaces on the lower side. In this way reversing the blind array causes reflection of unwanted or excess solar radiation and also provide diffuse illumination.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar shutter system adapted to be exteriorly mounted adjacent a building window comprising a plurality of vanes each said vane having a plurality of elongate channels formed therein, a phase change material disposed and sealed within each of said channels, said phase change material selected to have a solid to liquid transition slightly above desired building temperature and a high heat of fusion associated with said transition, means for mounting said vanes in a spaced parallel array with the elongate dimension thereof horizontal to form a generally planar shutter array approximately the same size as the associated window, means for mounting said shutter for pivotal movement toward and away from the associated window from a position immediately adjacent thereto so that the sides of the vanes exposed when the shutter is fully opened are reversed upon closure to face inwardly toward said window space when the same is closed over the window, and insulation means disposed on the rear side of said planar array so that whenever the shutter is closed heat loss through the window and from the vanes to the outside is minimized while heat is being delivered to the building. 2. A solar shutter system as in claim 1 further in which the means for supporting the vanes is a molded fiberglass reinforced plastic shell and further including a second fiberglass plastic shell interconnected to the first shell and spaced therefrom to form a unitary hollow structure, said insulation means being disposed throughout the space within said structure. 3. A solar shutter system as in claim 2 in which said second plastic shell presents an outside surface when the shutter is closed and decorative means associated with said surface for rendering the same in pleasing harmony with said building. 4. A shutter system as in claim 1 further including a panel of glazing disposed to cover said array of vanes to protect the same against direct convective heat loss to the atmosphere while permitting radiative energy to be absorbed within said vanes. 5. A solar shutter as in claim 1 further including mechanical drive means for moving the shutter between opened and closed positions. 