A fluid thermosiphon system including a heat collection channel in communication above and below an insulating member to a heat storage region in a closed loop, the storage region includes spaced apart panels of an entirely encapsulated phase change material between which the heated fluid flows. The panels are adjacent the rear wall of the unit through which they disperse retained heat to the space. A wall or tilted roof unit suitable for built-in construction is disclosed, as is an exterior ground supported add-on unit. A liquid thermosiphon system is disclosed as the preferred embodiment. A gaseous system, using air, is also disclosed.
Claims I claim: 1. In a unitary heating system for heating an adjacent area, a heat transfer liquid, a container for holding the liquid and having a front wall forming a solar heat collection surface and a rear wall forming a heat dispensing surface, said walls being in substantially spaced relation to each other to define an interior volume within said container, guide means is disposed in the container adjacent the heat collection surface to form therewith a heating channel between said surface and said means through which channel the liquid to be heated flows by thermosiphonic action, insulation means disposed adjacent said guide means and spaced from the rear wall of said container to define and form a heat storage region on the other side thereof, means forming flow pathways in communication with the upper and lower portions of said heating channel to connect the same with said storage region so that heated liquid can circulate from the channel to the storage means and return in a closed system, said heat storage region being in contact with the rear wall of said container through which heat is to be dispensed to the adjacent area outside of said container and in thermal contact therewith, means for predominantly vertically orienting said heating channel and heat storage region with the upper, outlet end of the heating channel disposed above the lower, inlet end of the heating channel to cause thermosiphonic flow between the same whenever the heating channel is at a higher temperature, at least one panel containing phase change materials located in the storage region and constructed with a plurality of fully enclosed horizontal channels therethrough in spaced relation to each other, a phase change material disposed in each of said channels, said phase change material selected to change from a solid to a liquid at a predetermined threshold temperature rise, said panel defining the enclosure means for the phase change material being so constructed and arranged as to exclude physical contact between said heat transfer liquid and said phase change material but to permit thermal exchange therebetween, and control means disposed in the flow path of the collection channel for preventing reverse thermosiphoning when the collection channel temperature is cooler than a predetermined temperature equal to or greater than phase change temperature. 2. The solar heating system of claim 1 in which said control means comprises valve means positioned in the flow path through the heating channel for closing the same to prevent the liquid from reversing the direction of thermosiphonic flow when the heat collection surface is not receiving sufficient insolation from the sun to heat the liquid in the heating channel to a temperature greater than that of the liquid in the storage region. 3. Solar heating system of claim 1 wherein the phase change material changes from a solid to a liquid above approximately 90.degree. F. 4. The solar heating system of claim 1 wherein said system is incorporated in a building wall, and further including means forming a convection space between an interior wall member thereat and said back wall, said means including air inlet and outlets connecting said space to said room. 5. The solar heating system of claim 1 wherein said panel of phase change material is disposed behind the insulation means to form at least two heat storage channels behind the insulation means through which the liquid flows when transferring heat during allowed thermosiphon flow and in which the phase change material is stored. 6. The solar heating system of claim 1 further comprising: a plurality of panels of phase change material disposed behind the insulation means and in the heat storage region in spaced relation to each other to form a plurality of heated liquid flow channels dispersed throughout said panels. 7. The solar heating system of claim 1 wherein the threshold temperature of the phase change material is approximately 90.degree. F. 8. The solar heating system of claim 1 wherein the transition temperature of the phase change material is in the range of approximately 80.degree. F. to 110.degree. F. 9. The solar heating system of claim 1 wherein the phase change material is Na.sub.2 SO.sub.4.10H.sub.2 O. 10. A solar heater as in claim 1 further including a flow restrictor means disposed in the flow path of said collection channel to restrict the flow therein whenever the temperature of the storage means and of the phase change material exceeds a predetermined value higher than the phase change temperature in order to prevent excess temperature rise from causing thermal damage to said phase change material. 11. In a solar heating system; a thermosiphon heat exchange liquid, a container for holding the liquid, means for continually exposing said liquid to a solar heated surface, means for establishing a heat collecting flow channel adjacent the solar heated surface and having at least a partially vertical orientation so that as the liquid therein is selectively heated it rises due to thermosiphon action, means forming a heat storage region for receiving heated liquid from said flow channel, said container further including back wall means for dispensing heat from the storage region to an area to be heated, insulation means disposed between said flow channel and said storage region, a plurality of panels of phase change material located in the storage region and constructed with a plurality of fully enclosed horizontal channels therethrough in spaced relation to each other, said phase change material changing from a solid to a liquid at a predetermined threshold temperature rise and contained within said channels of said panel, the latter being so constructed and arranged to exclude physical contact between said liquid and said phase change material but to permit thermal exchange therebetween, means for supporting said panels in spaced alignment with respect to each other in generally parallel planes so that internal thermosiphoning occurs as the panels nearest the back wall become cooler than more remote panels, control means disposed in the flow path of the collection channel for preventing reverse thermosiphoning when the collection channel temperature is cooler than a predetermined value equal to or greater than phase change temperature. 12. The solar heating system of claim 1 or 11 wherein the control means includes valve means which open only when the temperature of the liquid is at least equal to the transition temperature of the phase change material. 13. The solar heating system of claim 1 or 11 further comprising: top reservoir means disposed above the panel means and registered with the outlet end of the heating channel, the top reservoir means being registered with the heat storage channels for receiving heated liquid from the heating channel. 14. The system of claim 1 or 11 wherein the part of area is an enclosure and wherein solar heating system comprises a plurality of individual units mounted in the walls of the enclosure. 15. The heating system of claim 14 wherein the enclosure is a building framed with studs and wherein the solar heating system includes a plurality of units mounted between the studs with the solar collectors thereof facing outside the building and the heat transfer surfaces facing into the building. 16. The heating system of claim 15 wherein the individual units are fourteen inches wide so as to fit between studs that are on sixteen inch centers. 17. The heating system of claim 15 wherein the individual units are twenty-two inches wide so as to fit between studs which are on twenty-four inch centers. 18. A solar system for heating an enclosed space in accordance with the system of claims 1 or 11, further including a supplemental heater energized by electricity or fossile fuel for supplying supplemental heat to the space; and a regulator connected only to the supplemental heater for causing the supplemental heater to add heat to the space when the heat supplied by the solar heating means is insufficient to maintain the temperature of said space above a predetermined level, and wherein the regulator includes temperature sensing means set at the predetermined level for monitoring the temperature of the space and activating the regulator. 19. In a solar heating system; a thermosiphon heat exchange fluid, a container for holding the fluid, means for continually exposing said fluid to a solar heated surface, means for establishing a heat collecting flow channel adjacent the solar heated surface and having at least a partially vertical orientation so that as the fluid therein is selectively heated it rises due to thermosiphon action, means forming a heat storage region for receiving heated fluid from said flow channel, said container further including back wall means for dispensing heat from the storage region to an area to be heated, insulation means disposed between said flow channel and said storage region, at least one panel of phase change material located in the storage region and constructed with a plurality of fully enclosed horizontal channels therethrough in spaced relation to each other, said phase change material changing from a solid to a liquid at a predetermined threshold temperature rise and contained within said channels of said panel, the latter being so constructed and arranged to exclude physical contact between said fluid and said phase change material but to permit thermal exchange therebetween, means associated with the collection channel for preventing reverse thermosiphoning when the collection channel temperature is cooler than that in the storage region. 20. A solar heating system as in claim 19 wherein said fluid is a gas. 21. A solar heating system as in claim 20 wherein said gas is air. 