An air distribution control system is specifically adaptable for use with a solar heating installation and utilizes a common plenum having a plurality of damper controlled openings which can be opened and closed in different combinations to regulate the flow of air under pressure to and from a heat storage source and solar collection in supplying forced air to a room or other space to be heated.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An air distribution control system adaptable for use in a solar heating installation and the like, wherein there is provided a source of hot air, a heat storage area and a space to be heated, the improvement comprising: a plenum partitioned into a plurality of chambers, common air circulating means for said system mounted in said plenum having a positive side communicating with at least one of said chambers and a negative side communicating with at least one of the other of said chambers, first and second ducts extending between said hot air source and said heat storage area, respectively, and the negative side of said chamber in said plenum, and a third duct extending between the positive side of said chamber in said plenum and the space to be heated, temperature sensing means for sensing the temperature of said heat storage area, hot air source and the space to be heated; and damper control means associated with said plenum to control the circulation of air between said heat storage area, hot air source and space to be heated in accordance with the relative temperature levels sensed by said temperature sensing means. 2. An air distribution control system according to claim 1, said plenum being partitioned into a pair of chambers, and said air circulating means having its positive side communicating with said one of said chambers for delivery into said heat storage area and said space to be heated. 3. An air distribution control system according to claim 2, said damper control means including damper vane members disposed across said second and third ducts at their juncture with said plenum, and a common damper drive member for said damper vane members disposed across said second and third ducts to correlate the opening and closing of said damper vane members so that only one of said damper vane members is open at any given time for the movement of air through its associated duct from the positive side of said air circulating means. 4. An air distribution system according to claim 1, said second duct characterized by extending between said heat storage area and both the negative and positive sides of said air circulating means, and said damper control means including independently controlled damper vane members extending across the positive and negative sides of said air circulating means, respectively, at their juncture with said second duct whereby to independently regulate the circulation of air into and from said hot air storage area. 5. An air distribution control system according to claim 1, said first, second and third ducts extending into a common wall of said plenum for communication with the positive and negative sides of said air circulating means. 6. An air distribution control system according to claim 5, said first and third ducts arranged in side-by-side relation to one another, and said damper control means including damper vane members disposed across each of said first and third ducts at their juncture with said plenum, and damper drive means for independently controlling the movement of said damper vane members across said first and third ducts between an open and closed position. 7. An air distribution control system according to claim 6, including differential temperature sensing means to sense the differential in temperature between the hot air source and heat storage area. 8. An air distribution control system according to claim 1, said plenum being in the form of an upright, generally rectangular enclosure having a vertical partition dividing said plenum into a pair of chambers, and said air circulating means extending across the lower end of enclosure beneath said partition. 9. An air distribution control system according to claim 8, said enclosure including an upper open end divided into quadrants defining openings for mounting of said damper control means. 10. In a solar space heating system having a solar collector assembly through which air to be heated is circulated, a heat storage area and a space to be heated, the combination comprising: a common plenum including a divider portion partitioning said plenum into a pair of chambers, an air circulating fan mounted within said plenum and having its positive side communicating with one chamber and its negative side communicating with the other chamber of said plenum, a first duct extending from said solar collector assembly into said other chamber for communication with the negative side of said air circulating fan, a second duct extending from said heat storage area into communication with said pair of chambers, and a third duct extending from communication with said other chamber into the space to be heated, and damper control means including damper vane members disposed in each of said respective ducts and each movable between an open and closed position, temperature sensing means for sensing the temperature in said solar collector assembly, heated storage area and the space to be heated, and means responsive to the temperature sensed by said temperature sensing means to selectively control opening and closing of said vane members to regulate the circulation of air between said solar collector assembly, heat storage area and the space to be heated. 11. In a solar space heating system according to claim 10, said second duct having a pair of damper vane members, one of said damper vane members extending across the opening between said first duct and the one chamber and the second damper vane member extending across the opening between said second duct and the other chamber, said damper control means being operative to independently control opening and closing of said damper vane members in said first and second ducts. 12. In a solar space heating system according to claim 10, said plenum being of generally rectangular configuration having a flat top, side and end wall panels, said divider portion extending vertically across said plenum to divide said plenum into a pair of chambers, said air circulating fan extending through the lower end of said panel to draw air from one chamber and discharge the air under pressure through the other of said chambers. 13. In a solar space heating system according to claim 10, said damper control means including a pair of damper vane members disposed in said second duct being independently movable between open and closed positions by said damper control means to regulate circulation of air to and from said heat storage area. 14. In a solar space heating system according to claim 13, one of said damper vane members for said second duct regulating the circulation of air from said solar collector assembly into said heat storage area. 