A number of solar energy converter assemblies are carried by a support frame which is mounted for independent rotation about a horizontal and a vertical axis. Sensors detect the position of the sun; and control circuitry positions the support frame in elevation and azimuth so that the converter assemblies track and face the sun whenever the sun incident energy is greater than a threshold level of about 25 percent of normal. Each converter assembly includes a solar cell and a multiangular conical concentrator shell for collecting, concentrating and directing incident solar energy onto the solar cell. The converter assemblies, the support frame and its mount, and the drive mechanism for the support frame are all located within a transparent stationary housing or enclosure, which provides complete environmental protection for all elements mounted within the enclosure.
Claims I claim: 1. Apparatus comprising a frame; a plurality of solar energy converter means mounted on said frame to form a solar panel for converting solar energy to another form of energy each of said solar energy converter means including a photovoltaic cell, heat exchanger means in heat transfer communication with said cell, and an energy concentrator having a collection window and an outlet aperture adjacent said cell, said concentrator having a gain of at least 6 to 1 and an interior reflective surface; a biangular conical shell having a first frustoconical wall extending from said cell to an intermediate location and defining a first angle relative to the boresight of said concentrator and a second frustoconical wall extending from said intermediate position to said collection window and defining a second angle relative to said boresight, said second angle being smaller than said first angle; support means for mounting said frame and said solar panel for independent motion about first and second axes; drive means for independently positioning said frame and said solar panel relative to said support means about said axes; control circuit means including sun sensor means for energizing said drive means to position said solar panel to face the sun; housing means of a material permitting transmission of solar energy substantially throughout its entire surface area and enclosing said solar panel, support means and drive means; and base means attached to said housing for rigidly supporting the same, whereby incident wind forces are transmitted from said housing directly to said base and not to said panel and support means. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said support means comprises gimbal mounting means supporting said frame for rotation about said first axis, and support means for said gimbal mounting means for rotating said gimbal mounting means about said second axis transverse of said first axis. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said housing comprises a closed, sealed housing of polycarbonate plastic material. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein said housing comprises first and second hemisphere elements of polycarbonate plastic, at least one hemisphere element including flange means, said system further comprising means for connecting said elements together at said flange means, and sealing means interposed between said flange means of one element and the other element. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said first angle of said concentrator is approximately 15.degree. and said second angle is approximately 10.degree.. 6. In combination with a solar panel comprising a plurality of solar cell conversion means rigidly secured together, and reversible drive means for rotating said panel about a predetermined axis; sun tracking circuit means comprising: reference sensor means responsive to solar energy for generating a reference signal in response to incident solar energy; opaque wall means extending in a plane parallel to said axis; first and second detecting sensor means, one on each side of said wall means for generating respectively second and third signals representative of incident solar radiation; first circuit means responsive to said reference signal and said second signal for energizing said drive means in one direction to rotate said panel about said axis toward the sun when the sun in on one side of said wall means; and second circuit means responsive to said reference signal and said third signal for energizing said drive means in a second direction to rotate said panel about said axis toward the sun when the sun is on the other side of said wall means. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 comprising a second reversible drive means for rotating said panel about a second axis transverse of said first axis, said system further including second sun tracking circuit means comprising a second sensor means responsive to solar energy for generating a second reference signal in response to incident solar energy, a second opaque wall means extending in a second plane parallel to said second axis; third and fourth detecting sensor means, one on either side of said second wall means for generating respectively fourth and fifth signals representative of incident solar radiation, second circuit means responsive to said second reference signal and said fourth signal for energizing said second drive means in one direction to rotate said panel about said second axis toward the sun when the sun is on one side of said second wall means, and fourth circuit means responsive to said second reference signal and said fifth signal for energizing said second drive means in a second direction to rotate said panel about said second axis toward the sun when the sun is on the other side of said second wall means. 8. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein each of said conversion means further comprises a concentrator shell having a collection window and an outlet aperture adjacent an associated cell, said collection window being larger than said output aperture. 9. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein each of said first and second circuit means includes threshold circuit means responsive to signals exceeding predetermined thresholds, said thresholds being such that said tracking circuit means is inoperative until the solar energy level attains at least about 25% of normal. 