A pair of panels which may comprise a solar collector having an absorber and a transparent panel are supported on and integrated with a building, such as on a roof. The means of support includes a base mounting member, an intermediate mounting member, a top cover member and a plurality of bearing members. The base mounting member is secured to the building and supports the region of the edges of two absorbers of adjacent solar collectors in substantially contiguous relation. The intermediate mounting member is supported on each absorber and, in turn, supports two plates of the adjacent solar collectors. The top cover member is supported on each plate and each of the top cover members and intermediate mounting member are secured to the base mounting member. Contact between each member and the solar collector is through the bearing members which provide a tight sealing engagement upon securement.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Apparatus for mounting panels of adjacent pairs of panels in spaced, overlying relation on a structure comprising: (a) base mounting means including a rail and a plurality of blocks adapted for supporting one panel of each said adjacent pair of panels, said rail having a surface and an opening through said surface into a channel, and said blocks disposed on and along said surface; (b) means fixedly mounting said rail on a series of structural members disposed in a parallel family toward the exterior of said structure, and each said one panel disposed on a respective surface of said blocks spaced from said structural members and substantially contiguous with their facing edges extending substantially perpendicular to said structural members; (c) intermediate mounting means of a length substantially coextensive with the length of said facing edges, said intermediate mounting means including (1) a pair of side elements and (2) a web connecting said side elements between their ends to locate said side elements in spaced apart, substantially parallel relation; (d) first bearing means; (e) second bearing means; (f) means mounting said first and second bearing means on first and second ends of said side elements, respectively, said intermediate mounting means received on each said one panel so that said first bearing means acts against a surface thereof within the region of said facing edges, and each said other panel received on said second bearing means, likewise, to be substantially contiguous and with their facing edges extending substantially perpendicular to said structural members; (g) top cover means extending between said other panels along their facing edges and including side members projecting from said top cover means toward said other panels; (h) third bearing means mounted on said side members for supporting said top cover means on said other panels, each said bearing means formed of a resilient, deformable material; and (i) securing means extending through each said block, intermediate mounting means and top cover means for mounting the same, said securing means acting between the underside of said rail surface adjacent said opening within said channel and an outer surface of said top cover means whereby each said bearing means is moved into tight bearing relation with the surface with which it is in contact and wherein said second and third bearing means are of a length coextensive with the length of said edges of said other panels to form a seal toward the interior of said structure. 2. The mounting apparatus according to claim 1 wherein each pair of panels comprises a solar collector integrated with said structure and wherein each said one panel is an absorber panel and each said other panel is a transparent panel. 3. The mounting apparatus of claim 2 wherein each said transparent panel is formed of glass. 4. The mounting apparatus of claim 1 wherein each panel of said adjacent pair of panels is formed of glass. 5. The mounting apparatus of claim 1 wherein said rail extends along and substantially perpendicular to said structural members, and said blocks are disposed at intervals along said rail. 6. The mounting apparatus of claim 5 wherein each said block is formed of an insulating material and located at regular intervals along said rail. 7. The mounting apparatus of claim 5 wherein said rail is substantially rectangular in section and said opening includes a slot within and extending along the length of said surface and wherein said securing means comprises: (a) a bolt having an elongated threaded stem; (b) a head carried at one end of said stem; and (c) a plate received on said stem whereby said plate acts between said head and said underside of said rail surface adjacent said slot thereby to permit adjustment of each of said blocks along said rail. 8. The mounting apparatus of claim 7 wherein each of said blocks is provided with a central bore and each of said intermediate mounting means and said top cover means are provided with a plurality of bores, each bore defining an opening through which an individual one of a plurality of bolts may extend, and wherein said securing means further includes a plurality of nuts, a first nut being threaded on said stem to secure each said block along said rail, and a second nut being threaded on said stem into engagement with said top cover means whereby each of said bearing means moves into said tight bearing relation with said surfaces with which they are in contact. 9. The mounting apparatus of claim 1 wherein said intermediate mounting means includes a brace, said brace formed by a pair of walls extending therealong in spaced relation, said brace providing a surface against which said top cover means is adapted to act when secured by said securing means. 10. The mounting apparatus of claim 2 wherein said solar collectors are integrated with the roof of said structure and said structural members comprise one of a family of frame elements, purlins, trusses, rafters, and the like. 11. The mounting apparatus of claim 5 wherein each pair of panels comprises a solar collector integrated with said structure and said intermediate mounting means is disposed parallel to said rail. 12. The mounting apparatus of claim 11 wherein said solar collectors are integrated with the roof of said structure and said intermediate mounting means is arranged along the line of greatest pitch. 13. The mounting structure of claim 12 including a bracket, said bracket mounted to said structural members and cooperating with the lower edge of each absorber of each said solar collector to immobilize it in a sliding direction. 14. The mounting apparatus of claims 1 or 2 replicated along said structure in a parallel family to mount at least a plurality of three pairs of panels. 15. The mounting apparatus of claim 14 including a plurality of barrier sections, each barrier section being of a width to extend substantially between said overlying panels and of a length to extend between adjacent intermediate mounting means, and means to mount each said barrier section to said adjacent intermediate means thereby to provide a barrier and overcome the formation of air currents in an open passage. 16. The mounting apparatus of claim 15 wherein a plurality of barrier sections are mounted between adjacent intermediate members at regular intervals, and said mounting means includes a finger and a notch, each said finger carried by one of said side elements and said notch formed in said barrier section at opposite ends to receive a finger. 17. The mounting apparatus of claim 9 including a gutter for water seepage, said gutter formed by said brace, side elements and web. 