This specification discloses an improvement in a solar system having one or more collectors for receiving and using radiant energy from the sun and at least one and preferably a plurality of respective reflector means for reflecting the radiant energy onto the collectors. The improvement is characterized by having each reflector in the form of a heliostat that can be moved to maximize the radiant energy reflected onto its collector, driving motor for so moving each heliostat; firmly anchored support structure carrying each heliostat; and sensor connected by suitable controls with each drive motor for so moving each heliostat; the respective sensor being mounted on the same support structure as the heliostat and aligned in a straight line from the heliostat to its collector. With this construction, the sensor does not require an expensive and firmly anchored separate support structure to prevent receiving small surface movements different from those received by the heliostat.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a solar system on the surface of the earth and exposed to the sun and having: a. at least one energy receiving collector for receiving and using radiant energy from the sun; and b. at least one reflector means for reflecting said radiant energy from the sun onto said collector; the improvement comprising: c. having said reflector means in the form of a heliostat that can be moved to maximize its reflected radiant energy onto said collector and configured so as to avoid interference with a co-mounted sensor; d. means for moving said heliostat to maximize said radiant energy reflected on the said collector and through arcs that will not interfere with a co-mounted sensor; e. dual purpose support structure carrying said heliostat and a sensor; said support structure being anchored firmly in the surface; and f. a sensor controllably connected with said means for moving said heliostat for maintaining the maximum radiant energy reflected onto said collector; said sensor being mounted on said support structure and aligned with a straight line from said heliostat to said collector such that said sensor does not require an expensive, firmly anchored separate support structure to prevent receiving small surface movements different from those received by said heliostat; said heliostat having a central reflector; said heliostat adapted to be pivotably rotatable about a horizontal axis and a vertical axis through said central reflector such that the central perpendicular axis of said central reflector bisects and lies in the plane of the angle between the lines to, respectively, the sun and the collector so as to correct for both time, and seasonal diurnal movements of the sun and maximize the solar energy reflected onto said collector; said sensor being cantilevered from said support structure below said central reflector and aligned between the center of said central reflector and said collector; said heliostat having a slot below said central reflector so as to be pivoted without hitting said support structure and said sensor and cantilever mounting; said means for moving said heliostat including an elevational drive means for pivoting said heliostat to a desired angle about said horizontal axis; and said means for moving said heliostat including a rotation means for rotating said heliostat through a limited arc about said vertical axis. 2. The solar system of claim 1 wherein said support structure comprises a dual purpose post means that is anchored by a firm foundation. 3. The solar system of claim 1 wherein said sensor comprises dual tube sensors for improved reliability. 4. The solar system of claim 1 wherein there are a plurality of respective heliostats and sensors mounted on respective said support structures; each heliostat being directed at said collector so as to reflect said radiant energy thereonto. 5. The solar system of claim 1 wherein there are a plurality of said collectors, each having a plurality of said heliostats directed thereat; each said heliostat having its respective said sensor mounted on its respective said support structure. 