A solar panel module is provided, wherein a plurality of solar panel units are electrically interconnected and supported within a low cost frame assembly, which may conveniently be formed from wood products. Each solar panel unit is provided with extending conductors for electrical connections with adjacent solar panels. Each solar panel unit is formed in a back-wall configuration where solar radiation is incident on a transparent vitreous substrate. The panel surface opposite the substrate is sealed, preferably with a bituminous material, to minimize permeation of the solar panel by environmental elements. The sealing material cooperates with the frame to provide an insulated exposed surface. In one embodiment, the completed module is formed to external dimensions generally standard in the building industry for easy installation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Apparatus forming a solar panel module from a plurality of solar panel units each with a transparent vitreous substrate having a first surface adapted for receiving incident solar radiation and a second opposite surface supporting a plurality of CdS-type photovoltaic cells in a back-wall configuration electrically interconnected by an outer conductive layer, comprising: a frame assembly resistant to environmental exposure and defining surfaces for supporting edge portions of said substrate; means flexibly securing said solar panel units on said support surfaces; and an electrically insulating film disposed over said outer conductive layer of each said solar panel unit, said frame and said insulating frame cooperating to form an insulated mounting for each solar panel unit of said module. 2. Apparatus described in claim 1, further including: connector means for electrically interconnecting adjacent ones of said solar panel units in a configuration effective to obtain selected module output parameters. 3. Apparatus described in claim 2, wherein said connector means are spaced apart from the centerline of each said solar panel units to provide unambiguous panel interconnections. 4. Apparatus described in anyone of claims 1, 2 or 3 wherein said electrically insulating film is formed of a bituminous material. 5. Apparatus described in claim 4, including means for sealingly securing said solar panel units in said frame against moisture penetration. 6. Apparatus described in anyone of claims 1, 2, or 3, further including means for sealingly securing said solar panels in said frame against moisture penetration. 7. An improved photovoltaic panel comprising a plurality of CdS-type photovoltaic cells in a back-wall configuration on a transparent vitreous substrate and interconnected by an outer conductive layer, the improvement comprising: a bituminous layer contacting said outer conductive layer to a depth effective to seal said photovoltaic cells from environmental contaminants and to form an insulated external surface adjacent said conductive layer. 8. Apparatus forming a solar panel module from a plurality of solar panel units each with a transparent vitreous substrate having a first surface adopted for receiving incident solar radiation and a second opposite surface supporting a plurality of CdS-type photovoltaic cells in a back-wall configuration and electrically interconnected by an outer conductive layer, comprising: a wooden frame assembly defining surfaces for supporting edge portions of said solar panel units; means flexibly securing said solar panel units on said support surface; and an electrically insulating film disposed over said outer conductive layer of said solar panel, said frame and said insulating film cooperating to form an insulated mounting for each solar panel unit of said module. 9. Apparatus described in claim 8, further including: connector means for electrically interconnecting adjacent ones of said solar panel units in a configuration effective to obtain selected module output parameters. 10. Apparatus described in claim 9, wherein said connector means are spaced apart from the centerline of each said solar panel units to provide unambiguous panel interconnections. 11. Apparatus described in anyone of claims 8, 9, 10 wherein said electrically insulating film is formed of a bituminous material. 12. Apparatus described in claim 11, including means for sealinging securing said solar panel units in said frame against moisture penetration. 13. Apparatus described in anyone of claims 8, 9, or 10, further including means for sealingly securing said solar panel units in said frame against moisture penetration. 14. Apparatus forming a solar panel module, comprising: a plurality of solar panel units each with a single transparent vitreous panel having a first surface adapted for receiving incident solar radiation and a second opposing surface structurally supporting a plurality of interconnected photovoltaic cells; a frame assembly resistant to environmental exposure and defining surfaces for supporting edge portions of said transparent vitreous panels; means flexibly securing said solar panel units on said support surfaces; and an electrically insulating film disposed over said interconnected photovoltaic cells of each said solar panel units; said frame and said insulating film cooperating to form an insulating mounting for each said solar panel unit of said module. 15. Apparatus described in claim 14, wherein said frame assembly is constructed of a wooden material. 16. Apparatus described in any one of claims 14 and 15, further including connector means spaced apart from the centerline of each said panel unit for providing unambiguous electrical interconnections between adjacent ones of said solar panel units. 