A stabilized-satellite power system located outside of the earth's atmosphere collects solar energy, converting it by dynamic gas laser interaction into a beam of infrared energy directed toward a power utilization station, such as at the earth's surface, the wave length of the infrared energy lying within a non-attenuating pass-band in the earth's atmosphere. A section of the laser is cooled by a directive radiator system aligned toward outer space.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Apparatus for operation at a stabilized extraterrestrial geosynchronous satellite station for the conversion of solar radiation into a compact beam of infrared energy directed to perform work at a predetermined second station, comprising: gas laser means including: solar energy absorber means, transverse flow gas laser means, and thermal radiator means for radiation of degraded thermal energy, said transverse flow gas laser means being characterized by producing a compact beam of infrared radiation, when said solar energy absorber means is excited by solar energy, along a first path, solar radiation collector means normally oriented for maximum coupling of solar energy into said solar energy absorber means along a second path at a substantially right angle to said first path, radiant energy directive means coupled to said thermal radiator means for coupling degraded energy into space generally in at least a part of a plane substantially perpendicular to said second path and spaced from said first path whereby said thermal radiator means is substantially shielded from solar radiation and from said infrared beam, said solar energy absorber means, said transverse flow gas laser means, and said thermal radiator means forming closed envelope means of a common cavity for enclosure of a lasable gas, and gas conduit means connecting said common cavity at said thermal radiator means to said common cavity at said solar energy absorber means for forming closed loop gas conduit means, discharge valve means within said common cavity disposed between said solar energy absorber means and said transverse flow gas laser means, and pump means in serial relation in said gas conduit means for raising the pressure of gas within said solar energy absorber means to a predetermined level in cooperation with said solar energy when said discharge valve means is closed. 2. Apparatus as described in claim 1 further including gas expansion means within said common cavity disposed between said transverse flow gas laser means and said thermal radiator means for cooling said flowing gas when said discharge valve means is opened upon reaching said predetermined pressure level. 3. Apparatus as described in claim 2 wherein said transverse flow gas laser means includes: first and second mirror means cooperating with said lasable gas, when flowing, for forming a lasing cavity having an axis substantially coincident with said first path, said first mirror means being substantially totally reflecting, said second mirror means having a first portion substantially totally reflecting and a second portion substantially totally transmitting, and said second mirror forming a portion of said closed envelope means, whereby laser oscillations may be maintained in said lasing cavity and said compact beam of infrared energy is propagated along said first path. 4. Apparatus as described in claim 3 wherein: said second mirror means is composed of a selected material of the infrared energy transmitting class including ZnSe, CdTe, or GaAs, and said first portion of said second mirror means is coated with a layer of an infrared reflecting material. 5. Apparatus as described in claim 2 wherein said lasable gas includes a major portion of nitrogen and minor portions of carbon dioxide, helium, water vapor, or mixtures thereof. 6. Apparatus as described in claim 1 further including: pressure pick off means for providing a measure of the gas pressure within said solar absorber means, and remotely located means for utilizing said measure. 7. Apparatus as described in claim 6 wherein said remotely located means comprises means for monitoring said measure. 8. Apparatus as described in claim 1 further including: level sensor means responsive to the level of said compact beam of infrared radiation, means for utilizing said measure for control purposes. 9. Apparatus as described in claim 8 wherein said means for utilizing said measure comprises monitor means. 10. Apparatus as described in claim 1 further including remote control means for cyclically controlling cooperative operation of said pump means and of said discharge valve means according to a predetermined program. 11. Apparatus as described in claim 1 further including: by-pass conduit means for by-passing said pump means, said by-pass conduit means including by-pass valve means, and remote control means for operating said by-pass valve means for permitting continuous flow of gas through said closed loop gas conduit means. 