A method of assembling from kit components a solar oven and in so doing, teaching the assembler the principals involving insulation, reflection, solar ray conversion to heat, temperature conservation and the fine art of cookery.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar oven comprising: a first box having an open top, a second box having an open top of a smaller size than said first box and arranged within and spacedly positioned from the bottom, sides and ends of said first box, the inside surface of said second box having a heat absorbing surface, topper spacer means closing the space between said first and second boxes at their open tops, said topper spacer means comprising two pairs of U-shaped clamps for positioning over the edges of the periphery of the tops of said first and second boxes to cover the space therebetween and hold the boxes in a given position relative to the other, each clamp of each pair comprising a pair of legs interconnected by a bight, the legs of said first pair of clamps fitting over the opposed surfaces of different juxtapositioned ends of the first and second boxes, the legs of the second pair of spacers fitting over the opposed surfaces of a different juxtapositioned side of the first and second boxes, the bights of the clamps covering the spaces between said first and second boxes at their open tops, a transparent enclosing means comprising a cap lid resting above the edges of the open tops of said first and second boxes and on the topper spacers for closing the open top end of said second box, said enclosing means comprising a pair of spaced transparent plates having a closed air space therebetween, and a reflective means of substantially the same size as the opening of said first box hingedly attached to said cap lid for selective movement relative thereto, and detachable brace means arranged to extend between said reflective means and said top of said cap lid for holding said reflective means in one of a plurality of angular positions relative to the top of said cap lid for directing solar rays into the opening of said second box. 2. The solar oven set forth in claim 1 in further combination with: insulating means positioned within the space between said first and second boxes. 3. The solar oven set forth in claim 1 wherein: said enclosing means comprises a pair of spaced transparent plates, the exposed one, when in oven closing position, closing the openings of said first and second boxes, comprises a plastic material. 4. The solar oven set forth in claim 3 wherein: said enclosing means comprises a cardboard cap lid having said plastic material positioned on the top of the cap lid, and a glass plate adhered to the bottom surface of the cap lid. 5. The solar oven set forth in claim 1 wherein: the open peripheries of said first and second boxes are coplanar. 6. The solar oven set forth in claim 1 in further combination with: means for fastening together the legs of the clamps around the outer periphery of the box. 7. The solar oven set forth in claim 1 wherein: said first and second boxes and said clamps are formed of cardboard or other suitable material. 8. A method for assembling a solar oven comprising the steps of: placing an open top box within a second open top box in spaced arrangement therewith with the peripheries of the opening of said boxes being coplanar, covering the inside surface of said second box with a heat absorbing material, filling the space between said boxes with an insulating material, placing clamp means over the peripheral edges of said first and second boxes for closing the space between the boxes and for holding them in a fixed position one relative to the other, placing a transparent cap lid, enclosing member comprising a pair of spaced plates enclosing an air space therebetween across the open end of the boxes, hingedly mounting a reflective surface of a similar size to the opening of said second box on the top periphery of the cap lid for reflecting solar rays into said first box, and selectively moving said reflective surface to orient it to the sun. 9. The method set forth in claim 8 wherein: said enclosing member comprises a pair of spaced plates, the exposed one of which is formed of a transparent plastic and the other one comprising a plate of transparent glass, said enclosing member extending down over the edges of said clamp means covering the boxes in a capping fashion. 10. The method set forth in claim 8 wherein: said boxes and clamps are formed of cardboard or other suitable material. 