A solar heating system. A roof mounted panel collects heat from the sun. The panel having an upper sunlight-absorbing surface. A translucent cover is mounted above the panel to protect it from the weather. The panel has a lower surface for heat transfer to a stream of water. The panel is mounted in cooperative relation with a roof to form a passage for the stream of water. Means are connected to the panel for maintaining the stream of water in substantially uniform contact with said lower surface of the panel. Insulated tank means connected for receiving and storing the stream of water. Means are provided for controlling the stream of water under the panel in response to the temperature of the panel and the water in the tank, whereby the water collects heat from the panel only at useful temperatures. Air stream means are provided for preventing the roof from overheating.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar heating system having at least one roof mounted panel for collecting heat from the sun, said panel having an upper sunlight-absorbing surface, at least one translucent cover mounted above the panel to protect it from the weather, said panel having a lower surface for heat transfer to a stream of water, means for mounting said panel in cooperative relation with a roof to form a passage for said stream of water, means connected to said panel for maintaining said stream of water in substantially uniform contact with said lower surface of said panel, insulated tank means connected for receiving and storing said stream of water, and means for controlling said stream of water under said panel in response to the temperature of said panel and said water in said tank, whereby said water collects heat from said panel at useful temperatures, and air stream means for preventing said roof from overheating. 2. A system according to claim 1, in which said panel has one cover supported above it by spacers and another cover supported above the first cover by spacers and a flexible sealing strip secured in substantially leak-tight relation to the edges of said covers and said panel, so as to exclude water from the spaces between said covers and said panel. 3. A system according to claim 2, in which said means for maintaining said stream of water in substantially uniform contact with said lower surface of said panel comprises a mat of wettable fibrous material pressed between said panel and said roof. 4. A system according to claim 1, in which said means for controlling said stream of water under said panel includes a pump for raising water from said storage tank to an upper tank at a height above the top of said collector panel, a temperature sensor for detecting the temperature of water entering said storage tank, and valve means for controlling the flow of water to the entrance of said pump responsive to the temperature of said entering water, whereby the flow of water to the collector panel is reduced when the temperature of the water entering the storage tank is lower than desired. 5. A system according to claim 1, in which said means for preventing said roof from overheating includes an air passage in heat exchange contact with said roof and control means responsive to said water stream whereby said air passage is closed when said water stream is flowing but open to pass a cooling air stream when said water stream is not flowing. 6. A solar heating system having at least one roof mounted panel for collecting heat from the sun, said panel having an upper sunlight-absorbing surface, at least one translucent cover mounted above the panel to protect it from the weather, said panel having a lower surface for heat transfer to a stream of water, means for mounting said panel to form a passage for said stream of water, means connected to said panel for maintaining said stream of water in substantially uniform contact with said lower surface of said panel, insulated tank means connected for receiving and storing said stream of water, and means for controlling said stream of water under said panel in response to the temperature of said panel and said water in said tank, whereby said water collects heat from said panel at useful temperatures, in which said panel has one cover supported above it by spacers and another cover supported above the first cover by spacers and a flexible sealing strip secured in substantially leak-tight relation to the edges of said covers and said panel so as to exclude water from the spaces between the said covers and said panel. 7. A system according to claim 6, in which said means for maintaining said stream of water in substantially uniform contact with said lower surface of said panel comprises a mat of wettable fibrous material. 8. A solar heating system having at least one roof mounted panel for collecting heat from the sun, said panel having an upper sunlight-absorbing surface, at least one translucent cover mounted above the panel to protect it from the weather, said panel having a lower surface of heat transfer to a stream of water, means for mounting said panel to form a passage for said stream of water, means connected to said panel for maintaining said stream of water in substantially uniform contact with said lower surface of said panel, insulated tank means connected for receiving and storing said stream of water, and means for controlling said stream of water under said panel in response to the temperature of said panel and said water in said tank, whereby said water collects heat from said panel at useful temperatures, in which said means for controlling said stream of water under said panel includes a pump for raising water from said storage tank to an upper tank at a height above the top of said collector panel, a temperature sensor for detecting the temperature of water entering said storage tank, and valve means for controlling the flow of water to the entrance of said pump responsive to the temperature of said entering water, whereby the flow of water to the collector panel is reduced when the temperature of the water entering the storage tank is lower than desired. 9. A solar collector comprising an upper sunlight-absorbing surface, at least one translucent cover mounted above the panel to protect it from the weather, said panel having a lower surface for heat transfer to a stream of water, means for mounting said panel to form a passage for said stream of water, and a mat of wettable fibrous material in said passage for maintaining said stream of water in substantially uniform contact with said lower surface of said panel. 10. A solar heating system having at least one roof mounted panel for collecting heat from the sun, said panel having an upper sunlight-absorbing surface, at least one translucent cover mounted above the panel to protect it from the weather, said panel having a lower surface of heat transfer to a stream of water, means for mounting said panel to form a passage for said stream of water, means in said passage connected to said panel for maintaining said stream of water in substantially uniform contact with said lower surface of said panel, insulated tank means connected for receiving and storing said stream of water, and means for controlling said stream of water under said panel in response to the temperature of said panel and said water in said tank, whereby said water collects heat from said panel at useful temperatures, said means for maintaing said stream of water in substantially uniform contact with said lower surface of said panel comprises a mat of wettable fibrous material. 