An improved solar collector has a one piece monolithic fiberglass frame and back assembly in which all of the collector components are mounted. A mounting flange integral with the frame facilities securing the collector in place on a roof or other support. The frame has a double wall construction forming internal steps that support the absorber plate and anti-convection cover at the proper locations for maximum heat collection. Further, all fluid connections to and from the absorber plate are made through the frame so that the required plumbing can be brought out in any direction between the frame walls. Suitable insulation is provided in the panel between the absorber plate and the back as well as between the frame walls to minimize radiation losses through the sides and back of the collector.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar collector comprising A. a monolithic frame formed of a resin material and back assembly, said assembly having (1 ) a back wall; (2 ) an upstanding side wall extending around the periphery of the back wall, said side wall being composed of a pair of spaced-apart inner and outer wall sections, said inner wall section continguous with said backwall and a bridging web connecting the inner and outer section so as to form a channel all around the collector; B. an absorber plate; C. means for positioning the absorber plate in the assembly so that the absorber plate is spaced from, and substantially parallel to, the assembly back wall; D. a light transmitting outer anti-convection cover substantially coextensive with the frame assembly having a coefficient of expansion about that of said resin material; E. means for securing the anti-convection cover to said bridging web, said panel further including a mass of insulation material filling the channel between the side wall sections; F. a mass of insulating material occupying the space between the absorber plate and the assembly back wall 2. The panel defined in claim 1 and further including A. an inner light transmitting anti-convection cover extending parallel to the absorber plate, and B. a means for positioning the inner cover inside the assembly between the outer cover and the absorber plate. 3. The panel defined in claim 1 and further including means for dividing the space within the assembly between the outer cover and the absorber plate into one or more compartments. 4. The panel defined in claim 1 and further including a mounting flange integral with the free edge of the outer side wall section of the assembly, said flange being substantially coplanar with the assembly back wall. 5. The collector defined in claim 1 and further including fluid inlet and outlet conduits extending from the absorber plate outside the collector through at least one of the side wall sections. 