A sunlight collector, containing a Fresnel lens, is mounted on the roof of a building and tracks the sun during daylight hours. A concentrated beam of sunlight is directed through a light transmission channel to locations within the building where the light is distributed. The transmission channel utilizes a focusing lens for further concentrating the solar beam, refocusing lenses for correcting divergences in the beam, reflectors for redirecting the beam, and beam splitters for distributing the beam into light fixtures located throughout the interior of the building. The light fixtures contain filters for controlling the intensity and spectral content of the incoming beam, and optical elements for dispersing the beam. Additionally, the fixture contains rigidly mounted fluorescent tubes, providing artificial light, which are automatically energized when the solar light is insufficient for lighting purposes. A diffusing element is used for uniformly radiating both the artificial and the dispersed solar light from the fixture into the building interior.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for lighting the interior of a building through the use of sunlight and conventional type lighting fixtures comprising: receiving means for collecting and concentrating sunlight; tracking means for orienting said receiving means to follow the movement of the sun; beam guiding means for directing concentrated sunlight from said receiving means to a plurality of locations in said buildings where distribution of said sunlight is to occur; sensing means for detecting a predetermined intensity of sunlight transmitted through said beam guiding means; lighting fixtures, including a rigid frame and containing means for mounting fluorescent lighting tubes therein, said lighting fixtures being mounted throughout said building immediately above the areas in said building which are to be illuminated; switching means for turning off electric power supplied to said fixture means when said sensing means indicates sufficient sunlight to illuminate the interior of said building; means for directing said concentrated sunlight from said beam guiding means into said lighting fixture; filtering means located near the juncture of said beam guiding means and said frame means for selectively controlling the intensity of the concentrated sunlight radiation admitted to said lighting fixture; dispersing elements mounted within said frame for scattering said sunlight exiting from said filtering means; and diffusing means for receiving both artificial light and dispersed sunlight, and for providing uniform illumination into said building interior from both said artificial light and said dispersed sunlight. 2. The system as defined in claim 1, wherein said sunlight receiving means comprises: covering means for protecting said receiving means from dust and other foreign objects when said system is not in use; a Fresnel lens to direct said sunlight entering said receiving means into a concentrated beam of small cross-section; reflecting means for directing said concentrated solar beam from said Fresnel lens into said beam guiding means; and positioning means for automatically adjusting said reflecting means to maintain said cocentrated solar beam directed into said beam guiding means as said receiving means is moved by said tracking means. 3. The system as described in claim 1, wherein said beam guiding means comprises: channel means for enclosing said solar beam from said receiving means; reflecting means for directing said solar beam from said receiving means into said channel means; focusing means for further concentrating said solar beam entering said channel means into an intense beam of small cross-section; a plurality of additional reflecting means for maintaining said concentrated solar beam centralized within said channel means as said channel means changes direction; a plurality of refocusing means for correcting divergences in said concentrated solar beam as said solar beam travels down said channel means; and beam splitting means for routing said concentrated solar beam to a plurality of locations within said building. 4. A system for supplying sunlight or solar light and artificial light to the interior of a building, comprising: a substantially conventional type of rectangular fluorescent lighting fixture for solar light and artifical light; socket means for fixedly mounting a plurality of fluorescent lighting tubes in said fixture; electric circuit means for supplying electric power to said lighting tubes; means for supplying a concentrated beam of solar light to said fixture; broad area diffusing means for providing uniform illumination from said fixture from both said lighting tubes and said solar beam; and deflection means for directing said solar beam across the surface of said diffusing means. 5. A system as defined in claim 4, further comprising filtering means for selectively controlling the intensity of the solar beam radiation entering said lighting fixture. 6. The system as defined in claim 5, wherein said filtering means comprises: a plurality of elements of translucent material of varying colors fixedly mounted in a frame; and means for directing the concentrated beam of solar light through a selected one of the elements. 7. The system as defined in claim 4, wherein said means for supplying solar light is mounted to the side of said fixture farthest from the floor of said building. 8. The system as defined in claim 4, wherein said means for supplying solar light is mounted to the side of said fixture in a direction parallel to said fluorescent lighting tubes. 9. A system as defined in claim 4, further comprising means for mounting a plurality of said fixtures overhead within said building interior. 10. The system as defined in claim 4, wherein means are mounted for directing said solar light and said artificial light downwardly from said fixture. 11. The system as defined in claim 4, wherein means are mounted for directing said solar light and said artificial light upwardly from said fixture. 12. A system for lighting the interior of a building through the use of sunlight and artificial light, comprising: receiving means for collecting and concentrating sunlight; tracking means for orienting said receiving means to follow the movement of the sun; beam guiding means for directing concentrated sunlight from said receiving means to a plurality of locations in said buildings where distribution of said sunlight is to occur; sensing means for detecting a predetermined intensity of sunlight transmitted through said beam guiding means; illumination source means for generating artificial light; switching means for turning off electric power supplied to said illumination means when said sensing means indicates sufficient sunlight to illuminate the interior of said building; rigid fixture means including a socket for supporting said illumination source means and for receiving said concentrated sunlight from said beam guiding means, said fixture means being of a generally conventional type mounted within said building above the area to be illuminated; dispersing means associated with said fixture for scattering said received sunlight; and translucent diffusing means associated with each fixture for providing reasonably uniform illumination into said building interior from both said artificial light and said dispersed sunlight, with specific areas on said diffusing means receiving and diffusing both of said types of illumination. 13. A system for supplying sunlight or solar light and artificial light to the interior of a building, comprising: a substantially conventional type of fluorescent lighting fixture for sunlight and artificial light; socket means for fixedly mounting a plurality of fluorescent lighting tubes in said fixture; electric circuit means for supplying electric power to said lighting tubes; means for supplying a concentrated beam of sunlight to said fixture; and deflection means mounted within said fluorescent lighting fixture for dispersing or diffusing said sunlight to thereby provide either artificial or solar illumination from said fluorescent light fixture. 14. A system as defined in claim 13 further comprising means for selectively varying the intensity of the sunlight radiation supplied to said lighting fixture. 15. A system as defined in claim 13 wherein a plurality of said fixtures are provided, and further comprising means for splitting said sunlight beam and applying a portion thereof to each said fixture. 16. In a lighting system utilizing fluorescent light and sunlight, an improved lighting fixture including a generally conventional type of fluorescent light fixture, fluorescent tubes mounted therein, and a diffusing plate across the lower surface thereof, the improvement comprising: a plurality of optical means for refracting or reflecting said sunlight beam across said diffusing plate; said means being placed in the path of said beam; and beam guiding means for directing said sunlight beam into said optical means. 17. A system for lighting the interior of a building through the use of sunlight and artificial light, comprising: receiving means for collecting and concentrating sunlight; tracking means for orienting said receiving means to follow the movement of the sun; beam guiding means for directing concentrated sunlight from said receiving means to a plurality of locations in said buildings where distribution of said sunlight is to occur; illumination source means for generating artificial light; switching means for turning off electric power supplied to said illumination means when there is sufficient sunlight to illuminate the interior of said building; rigid frame means, including electrical sockets for supporting said illumination source means, and for receiving said concentrated sunlight from said beam guiding means, said frame means being mounted directly over the areas in said building to be illuminated; dispersing means associated with said frame for scattering said received sunlight; means included in the path from said sunlight receiving means to said dispersing means for establishing the intensity of the sunlight supplied to said dispersing means; and diffusing means having surface areas receiving artificial light and sunlight and providing reasonably uniform illumination from both said artificial light and said dispersed sunlight. 18. A system for supplying sunlight or solar light and artificial light to the interior of a building, comprising: receiving means for collecting and concentrating sunlight; tracking means for orienting said receiving means to follow the movement of the sun; a rigid lighting fixture of a generally coventional fluorescent fixture type for solar light and artificial light; socket means for fixedly mounting a plurality of fluorescent lighting tubes in said fixture; electric circuit means for supplying electric power to said lighting tubes; means for supplying a concentrated beam of sunlight from said receiving means to said fixture; broad area diffusing means having surface areas receiving both artificial light and sunlight and providing uniform illumination from said mixture from both said lighting tubes and said solar beam; deflection means for directing said solar beam across the surface of said diffusing means; means for sensing the intensity of the collected sunlight; and switching means for turning off the power to said fluorescent lighting tubes when the sunlight is sufficiently intense to provide adequate illumination. 19. A system as defined in claim 18, further comprising filtering means for controlling the intensity of the solar beam radiation entering said lighting fixture. 20. A system as defined in claim 18, further comprising means for mounting a plurality of said fixtures overhead within said building interior. 21. The system as defined in claim 18, wherein mounting means are provided for directing said solar light and said artificial light downwardly from said fixture. 22. A system as defined in claim 18, wherein a plurality of said fixtures are provided, and including conduit means for directing said concentrated sunlight from said receiving means to a plurality of said fixtures. 23. A system as defined in claim 18 further comprising means for selectively varying the intensity of the sunlight radiation supplied to said lighting fixture. 24. A system as defined in claim 18 wherein a plurality of said fixtures are provided, and further comprising means for splitting said sunlight beam and applying a portion thereof to each said fixture. 