A grille pan hangs within the focal region of an angularly adjustable parabolic solar collector and is substantially horizontally disposed in all positions of the collector. An aperture in the collector and a screen mounted on the collector supporting structure are aligned along a line of sight parallel to the collector axis and aid in angularly positioning the collector to efficiently receive and reflect solar radiation.
Claims We claim: 1. A solar grille comprising a collector having a generally parabolic reflecting surface, means supporting said collector for selective angular movement about a horizontal axis to position said collector relative to the surface of the earth to receive and reflect solar radiation, a generally horizontally disposed grille element, and pendulant supporting means mounting said grille element on said collector for maintaining said grille element in a gravity biased horizontally disposed position generally within the focal region of said collector when the collector is positioned in various selected angular positions relative to the surface of the earth. 2. A solar grille as set forth in claim 1 wherein said collector supporting means comprises means supporting said collector for angular movement about a vertical axis. 3. A solar grille as set forth in claim 1 wherein said collector supporting means comprises an elongated member connected at one end to said collector and projecting therefrom and a support bracket connected to said member intermediate the ends of said member and supporting said member for pivotal movement about a horizontal axis. 4. A solar grille as set forth in claim 3 wherein said collector supporting means includes a base and said support bracket is mounted on said base for pivotal movement about a vertical axis. 5. A solar grille as set forth in either claim 3 or claim 4 wherein said collector supporting means includes means for adjusting said collector to and releasably retaining said collector in selected angular position relative to the surface of the earth. 6. A solar grille as set forth in claim 5 wherein said adjusting and retaining means comprises a cord connected at one end to the other end of said elongated member and a counterweight connected to the other end of said cord for overbalancing said collector and adjusting the length of said cord to adjust the angular position of said collector. 7. A solar collector as set forth in claim 6 wherein said counterweight comprises a generally cylindrical member around which said cord may be wound to shorten its effective length. 8. A solar grille as set forth in claim 1 wherein said grille element supporting means comprises an outrigger mounted on said collector above said focal region and means suspending said grille element from said outrigger in hanging relation thereto. 9. A solar grille as set forth in claim 8 wherein said grille element comprises a concave pan. 10. A solar grille as set forth in claim 1 including a reflector mounted in a vertically disposed position on said grille element and having a reflecting surface facing in the direction of said grille element and said parabolic reflecting surface. 11. A solar grille as set forth in claim 1 including sighting means for projecting an image of the sun to facilitate the positioning of said collector to receive and reflect solar radiation. 12. A solar grille as set forth in claim 11 wherein said sighting means comprises an aperture formed in said collector and a screen mounted on said collector supporting means and along a line of sight passing through said aperture and parallel to the axis of said parabolic reflecting surface. 13. A solar grille as set forth in claim 1 wherein the radius of said collector as measured from the axis of said parabolic reflecting surface to the peripheral edge of said collector is equal to approximately twice the focal length of said parabolic reflecting surface. 14. A solar grille comprising a base, a support bracket mounted on said base for pivotal movement about a vertical axis, an elongated support member connected intermediate its ends to said support bracket for pivotal movement about a horizontal axis, a collector mounted at one end of the said elongated member and having a generally parabolic reflecting surface, means for adjusting the collector to and releasably retaining it in selected angular position relative to the surface of the earth and including a cord connected to the other end of said elongated member and a counterweight connected to said cord for overbalancing said collector and adjusting the length of said cord, a generally horizontally disposed concave upwardly opening grille pan, and pendulant supporting means for maintaining said grille pan in a gravity biased horizontally disposed position generally within the focal region of said collector when the collector is positioned in various selected angular positions relative to the earth's surface and including an outrigger mounted on said collector above said focal region and means suspending said grille element from said outrigger in hanging relation thereto and generally within the focal region of said collector, and means for sighting the sun to selectively position said collector to receive and reflect solar radiation and including an aperture formed in said collector and a screen mounted on said collector supporting means and located along a line of sight passing through said aperture and parallel to the axis of said parabolic reflecting surface. 15. A solar grille as set forth in claim 14 including a reflector mounted in vertically disposed position on said grille pan and having an arcuate reflecting surface facing in the direction of said grille pan and said parabolic reflecting surface. 