A solar time indicating device in the form of an elongated box-like structure having a slot in one of its side faces for passing sunlight. A light image or line formed by the illuminated slot falls on a translucent side face, containing a proportionately expanded linear time index, disposed opposite the slotted face. The position of the leading edge of the light image along the time index or scale indicates solar time when the parallel, slotted and scale faces are tilted at the angle of latitude and the long axis of the box is disposed perpendicular to the earth's "true" north/south axis. An appropriate support for the tilted box may also include a mirror disposed beneath the scale face to permit easy viewing of the illuminated scale. An alternative embodiment comprises disposing the translucent scale face at the center of the box perpendicular to the slotted face and with the outer opposite parallel faces omitted to permit viewing of the illuminated scale face which is marked with a radial time index. This box may be adjustably mounted upon a suitable support to permit its proper orientation with regard to latitude and with an appropriate shade to overcome problems caused by seasonal variations in the position of the sun. A further embodiment combines features of the other embodiments.
Claims I claim: 1. A sun clock comprising: flat means for displaying a proportionately expanded linear time index; box-like means supporting said displaying means and having a slot in one face thereof for imaging sun's rays in the form of a line of light on said displaying means, said displaying means comprising a translucent face of said box-like means disposed opposite said slotted face; means for supporting said box like means with its long axis perpendicular to the earth's "true" north south axis and with its slotted face tilted at the angle of latitude, whereby the light line falling on said displaying means indicates solar time on said time index; and flat mirror means disposed adjacent and at an angle to said displaying means for reflecting an image of said time index and said light line thereon. 2. A sun clock comprising: flat means for displaying a radial time index; box-like means supporting said displaying means and having a slot with a long and short axis in one opaque face thereof for imaging the sun's rays in the form of a line of light on said displaying means, said displaying means comprising a face of said box-like means disposed perpendicularly adjacent said slotted face; and means for supporting said box-like means with the short axis of said slot perpendicular to the earth's "true" north/south axis and with its slotted face tilted at the angle of latitude, whereby the light line falling on said displaying means indicates solar time on said radial time index; and wherein said displaying means is of a translucent material and said box-like means comprises means for supporting said displaying means along one side of said slotted face for back-lighting by the winter sun and along the opposite side of said slotted face for front-lighting by the summer sun. 3. A clock as in claim 2 wherein said supporting means comprises frame means for opaque material for adjustably supporting said box-like means thereon. 4. A method of indicating time by means of the sun comprising the steps of: forming a slot with a long and short axis in a first flat member, said first flat member being of an opaque material; disposing said first flat member in a plane at the angle of latitude and with the short axis of the slot in its face perpendicular to the earth's "true" north south axis; attaching side members to the ends of said first flat member on opposite sides of said long axis of said slot; supporting a second flat member adjacent and perpendicular to said first flat member and said side members to form a box-like structure and such that the sun's rays passing through the slot into the hollow interior of the box-like structure form a line of light upon said second flat member; and forming a radial time index on said second flat member such that the position of said light line thereon indicates solar time; and wherein said second flat member is of a translucent material and is supported along one free side of said first flat member for back-lighting by the winter sun and is supported along the opposite free side of said first flat member for front-lighting by the summer sun. 5. A method as in claim 4 comprising the further step of inserting a transparent bicolored element in said slot. 6. A sun clock comprising: flat imaging means of opaque material, having a slot formed therethrough with a long and a short axis for imaging the sun's rays passing therethrough as a line of light; flat displaying means having a radial time index thereon and disposed adjacent and perpendicular to said flat imaging means; and means for alternately supporting said imaging and said displaying means with respect to each other in season such that said radial time index on said displaying means is back-lighted by the winter sun's rays passing through the slot and forming a light line thereon indicating solar time, and is front-lighted by the summer sun's rays passing through the slot and forming a light line thereon indicating solar time. 7. A clock as in claim 6 further comprising side members attached to said flat imaging means on opposite sides and parallel to the long axis of said slot and wherein said supporting means comprises slots in said end members into which said displaying means may be inserted and removed. 8. A clock as in claim 6 further comprising frame means of opaque material for mounting said imaging and displaying means, said frame means comprising two parallel spaced upstanding members with a cross member mounted on the upper ends of said upstanding members, and means for pivotally mounting said imaging and displaying means thereon. 9. A clock as in claim 8 wherein said flat imaging means is mounted on said frame means such that is lies in a plane disposed at the angle of latitude with the short axis of said slot perpendicular to the earth's "true" north/south axis. 10. A clock as in claim 6 further comprising a transparent bicolored insert piece disposed in the slot in said imaging means. 