The manifold hydrogen generator units for automotive I. C. engines are intended to provide a supplementary hydrogen fuel supply for conventional automotive I. C. engines, in addition to any primary fuel including gasoline, gasohol or hydrogen. The hydrogen is produced in a three stage process starting with the conversion of water to steam by means of multiple coils of copper tubing closely fitted to the exhaust manifold(s) of the I. C. engine. The steam is directed into one or two reactor cylinders containing rotating wire brushes axially disposed within the reactor cylinder(s) which remove a portion of the oxygen through progressive oxidation of the iron wire brushes. Periodic forced purging of the wire brushes is provided by combined aeration and vibrating of the rotating brushes. A final reforming stage of the partially reformed steam/hydrogen flow is obtained by steel wool packs which are periodically replaced.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A manifold hydrogen generator unit for automotive I.C. engines comprised of a cylindrical iron reactor indirectly attached to the existing exhaust manifold of automotive I.C. engines, adapter mounting means permanently fastened to said cylindrical iron reactor and adjustable clamping means for said adapter mounting means on to said existing exhaust manifold, two nearly identical front and rear end caps threaded on to said cylindrical iron reactor, multiple turns of small diameter metal tubing closely wound longitudinally around and in full contact with said adapter mounting means and said existing exhaust manifold, plastic water reservoirs uniformly disposed in a raised position above the engine compartment of a motor vehicle, plastic tubing connection means between said plastic water reservoirs and the rear entrance end of said multiple turns of small diameter metal tubing, the front steam exit end of said multiple turns of small diameter metal tubing is routed to the front end cap threaded on to said cylindrical iron reactor, threaded connector means for securing said small diameter metal tubing to said front end cap, mutliple uniformly spaced rotary iron wire brushes closely fitted in light rubbing contact with the inside diameter of said cylindrical iron reactor, said multiple uniformly spaced rotary iron wire brushes all secured to a front central shaft supported by said front end cap and an internal support spider within said cylindrical iron reactor, low friction bearing means centrally disposed within said fron end cap and said internal support spider for said front central shaft, two identical hub discs hold each of said rotary iron wire brushes in a uniformly dense radial pattern, a major threaded portion disposed on said front central shaft for the securing of each said multiple uniformly spaced rotary iron wire brushes, twin locknuts disposed on either side of each of said two identical hub discs, a small D.C. electric motor disposed at the front of said front end cap connected to said front central shaft by means of a locking coupling, a mounting bracket for securing said small D.C. electric motor to said front end cap, standard hardware means for fastening said mounting bracket and said small D.C. electric motor, an air inlet port axially disposed within said front end cap, a rectangular air scoop located over said air inlet port and secured to said front end cap by means of standard hardware through flanges on said rectangular air scoop, a pivoting metal flap covering said air inlet port disposed in normally closed position over said air inlet port, an arm on said pivoting metal flap connected to an arm on a central friction clutch, spring means on said arms to maintain said pivoting metal flat in a normally closed position over said air inlet port, said central friction clutch disposed over and in rotational friction contact with said front central shaft, a small diameter metal tubing connection disposed between the rear upper portion of said existing manifold, and said front end cap, threaded connection means at both ends of said small diameter metal tubing connection, multiple conveyor fans uniformly disposed within said cylindrical iron reactor reactor directly behind said internal support spider, said multiple conveyor fans fastened to a rear central shaft which protrudes through said rear end cap, a small D.C. electric motor disposed behind said rear end cap and connected to said rear central shaft by means of a locking coupling, a mounting bracket for securing said small D.C. electric motor to said rear end cap, standard hardware means for fastening said mounting bracket and said small D.C. electric motor, said rear central shaft is supported by low friction bearings within said rear end cap and a second internal support spider within said cylindrical iron reactor, a medium mesh disc screen disposed behind the rear most said conveyor fan, a central clearance hole within said medium mesh disc screen to clear said rear central shaft, a hollow clearance tube centrally located over said rear central shaft and secured to the inside face of said rear end cap, said medium mesh disc screen is secured to the front end of said hollow clearance tube, a fine mesh steel wool pack is placed in the rear compartment formed by the medium mesh disc screen within the cylindrical iron reactor and the inside face of said rear end cap, an exit port axially disposed within said rear end cap connected by a metal tubing line on the intake manifold of said automotive I.C. engine, threaded connection means at both ends of said metal tubing line, multiple resistance electrical heaters with threaded bases uniformly disposed and secured into said cylindrical iron reactor, all of said multiple resistance electrical heaters are connected to a second electrical storage battery within the automotive vehicle, several electrical generating means are included within the automotive vehicle as a recharging means for said second electrical storage battery. 2. A manifold hydrogen generator unit according to claim 1, in which said cylindrical iron reactor consists of standard iron pipe with an inside diameter of between two and three inches and a length of between sixteen and twenty inches, the inside diameter of said cylindrical iron reactor consisting of stand iron pipe is smooth true and free of burrs and abrasions, said cylindrical iron reactor consisting of standard iron pipe is uniformly threaded at both ends and said front and reer end caps have matching threads for connection to said cylindrical iron reactor. 3. A manifold hydrogen generator unit according to claim 1, wherein said small D.C. electric motors are connected to the vehicle's primary electrical battery, connection of one of said small D.C. electric motors disposed on the said front end cap to a switch mounted on the vehicle's dashboard, connection of the other said small D.C. electric motor disposed on said rear end cap to the vehicle's ignition switch, connection of said multiple resistance electrical heaters to the vehicle's ignition switch. 4. A manifold hydrogen generator unit according to claim 1, in which said several electrical generating means for the said second electrical storage battery partially consist of multiple arrays of thermoelectric cells closely secured to the to the engine's exhaust pipes, multiple arrays of silicon photovoltaic cells on portions of the vehicle's roof, multiple air driven disc/generators uniformly disposed within the vehicle's engine compartment, said multiple air driven disc/generators consist of flat metal discs with multiple cut and pitched vanes, said flat metal discs are fitted and sesured to the shafts of small standard electric dynamos running as generators. 5. A manifold hydrogen generator unit according to claim 1, in which multiple turns of small diameter metal tubing is spirally wound around said existing exhaust manifolds, matching clearance grooves uniformly disposed within said adapter mounting means into which the spirally wound small diameter metal tubing closely fits, a minimum of six and a maximum of twelve spirally wound tubing loops uniformly disposed around a single exhaust manifold, a minimum of two and one-half longitudinal tubing loops and a maximum of four and one-half longitudinal tubing loops disposed around said existing exhaust manifolds of an automotive I.C. engine. 6. Manifold hydrogen generator units for automotive I.C. engines comprised of twin cylindrical iron reactors directly attached to existing dual exhaust manifolds of automotive I.C. engines, adapter mounting means permanently fastened to said twin cylindrical iron reactors, adjustable clamping means for said twin cylindrical iron reactors and adapting mounting means on to said existing dual exhaust manifolds of automotive I.C. engines, two identical front and rear end caps threaded on to said twin cylindrical iron reactors, multiple loops of small diameter metal tubing spirally wound and in full contact with said adapter mounting means and said existing dual manifolds of said automotive I.C. engines, multiple plastic water reservoirs disposed in a raised position above the engine compartment of a conventional motor vehicle, plastic tubing connection means between said multiple plastic water reservoir's and the rear entrance end of said multiple loops of small diameter metal tubing, the steam exit end of said multiple loops of small diameter metal tubing is routed around to the front end cap threaded on to said twin cylindrical iron reactors, threaded connector means for securing said small diameter metal tubing to said front end cap, multiple uniformly spaced rotary iron wire brushes closely fitted in light rubbing contact with the inside diameter of said cylindrical iron reactor, said multiple uniformly spaced rotary iron wire brushes all secured to a front central shaft supported by said front end cap and an internal support spider deep within said cylindrical iron reactor, low friction bearing means centrally disposed within said front end cap and said internal support spider for said front central shaft, two identical hub discs securing said rotary iron wire brushes in a uniformly dense radial pattern, twin locking collars disposed on either side of each of said two identical hub discs over said front central shaft, a small D.C. electric motor disposed at the front of said front end cap and connected to said front central shaft by means of a small locking coupling, a mounting bracket for securing said small D.C. electric motor to said front end cap, standard hardware means for fastening said mounting bracket and said small D.C. electric motor, an air inlet port axially disposed within said front end cap, a rectangular air scoop located over said air inlet port and secured to said front end cap by means of standard hardware through flanges on said rectangular air scoop, a pivoting metal flap covering said air inlet port disposed in a normally closed position, an arm on said pivoting metal flap connected to a control cable terminating at a control knob on the automotive vehicle's dashboard, a small diameter metal tubing connection disposed between the rear upper portion of said exhaust manifolds and said front end cap, threaded connection means at both ends of said small diameter tubing connection, multiple conveyor fans uniformly disposed within the rear portion of said cylindrical iron reactors directly behind said internal support spider, said multiple conveyor fans are fastened to a rear central shaft which protrudes through said rear end cap, a small D.C. motor disposed behind said rear end cap and connected to said rear end cap by means of a small locking coupling, a mounting bracket for securing said small D.C. motor to said rear end cap, standard hardware mounting means for fastening said mounting bracket and said small D.C. motor, said rear central shaft is supported by low friction bearings within said rear end cap and an internal support spider within said cylindrical iron reactor, a fine mesh screen disc disposed behind the rearmost said conveyor fan, a central clearance hole disposed within said fine mesh screen disc to clear said rear central shaft, a hollow clearance tube centrally located over said rear central shaft and secured to the inside face of said rear end cap, said fine mesh screen disc is secured to the front end of said hollow clearance tube, a fine mesh steel wool pack is disposed within the rear portion of said cylindrical iron reactor formed by said fine mesh screen disc and the inside face of said rear end cap, an exit port axially disposed within said rear end cap is connnected by a metal tubing loop with said automotive I.C. engine's intake manifold, threaded connection means at both ends of said metal tubing loop, multiple resistance electrical heaters with threaded bases uniformly disposed and secured into said cylindrical iron reactors, all of said multiple resistance electrical heaters are connected to a second electrical storage battery within the said automotive vehicle, several electrical generating means included within the said automotive vehicle as a recharging means for said second electrical storage battery. 7. Manifold hydrogen generator units for for automotive I.C. engines according to claim 6, in which said mulitple loops of small diameter tubing spirally wound around said existing exhaust manifolds is formed with a minimum of eight loops and a maximum of twelve loops around a single existing exhaust manifold, matching grooves uniformly disposed within said adapter mounting means into which said spirally wound small diameter tubing closely fits, said multiple loops of small diameter tubing is formed from standard copper tubing. 8. Manifold hydrogen generator units for automotive I.C. engines according to claim 6, wherein said twin cylindrical iron reactors are fitted with a longitudinal series of tiny ribs uniformly disposed on the inside diameter, said longitudinal series of tiny ribs are smooth over their entire surfaces and are disposed in the zone of said multiple uniformly spaced rotary iron wire brushes, a minimum of two said longitudinal series of tiny ribs and a maximum of four said longitudinal series of tiny ribs equally spaced around the inside diameter of said cylindrical iron reactors, said twin cylindrical iron reactors consist of standard iron pipe with an inside diameter of between two and four inches and a length of between fifteen and twenty-four inches, the inside diameter of said cylindrical iron reactors consisting of standard iron pipe is smooth and free of burrs and abrasions. 9. Manifold hydrogen generator units for automotive I.C. engines according to claim 6, in which said small D.C. electric motor disposed at the front of said front end cap is provided with a small matching gear reduction unit for a torque increase for said front central shaft, said small matching gear reduction unit is mounted to said mounting bracket along with said small D.C. electric motor, connection of said small D.C. electric motors to the vehicle's primary electrical battery, connection of said small D.C. electric motor disposed at the front of said front end cap to an electrical switch mounted on the vehicle's dashboard, connection of the other rear said small D.C. electric motor disposed on said rear end cap to the vehicle's ignition switch, connection of said multiple resistance electrical heaters to the vehicle's ignition switch. 10. Manifold hydrogen generator units for automotive I.C. engines according to claim 6, wherein said several electrical generating means for the said second electrical storage battery ery partially consist of multiple arrays of Seebeck effect thermoelectric cells closely attached to the automotive I.C. engine's exhaust pipes, said several electrical generating means for said second electrical storage battery partially consist of multiple arrays of silicon photovoltaic cells or amorphous silicon film uniformly mounted on portions of the vehicle's roof, multiple air driven disc generators uniformly disposed within the vehicle's engine compartment in the zone of the incoming air flow, said multiple air driven disc generators consisting of flat metal discs with multiple cut and pitched vanes. 