A solar concentrator is disclosed herein and includes a modularized point focusing solar concentrating panel which is movably mounted to track the sun. This panel has an overall parabolic reflecting surface and a triangular or approximately triangular configuration which improves structural integrity, minimizes wind resistance and permits rapid and easy stowing.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar concentrator, comprising: (a) a point focusing solar concentrating panel assembly, said assembly including (i) first means defining an overall reflecting surface of parabolic cross sectional configuration having a predetermined focal point and an outermost periphery which at least approximates a triangle, and (ii) second means for supporting said reflecting surface defining first means; (b) receiver means for converting solar energy to another form of energy; (c) means for fixedly supporting said receiver means at said predetermined focal point whereby to receive solar energy interrupted by said reflecting surface and reflected towards said focal point; and (d) means connected with a fixed horizontally extending support surface for supporting said panel assembly such that one side of said periphery is substantially parallel with and adjacent to said support surface, said panel assembly supporting means including (i) means supporting said panel assembly for pivotal movement above an axis parallel with said one side of said periphery between a stow position during which said reflecting surface is substantially horizontal and a raised operating position during which said reflecting surface is angled relative to said horizontal surface, (ii) means for tilting said panel assembly about said parallel axis, (iii) means supporting said panel assembly for rotation about a vertical axis through said support surface, and (iv) means for rotating said assembly about said vertical axis. 2. A solar concentrator according to claim 1 wherein said first means of said panel assembly includes a plurality of individual surface reflecting modules each of which defines a predetermined section of said overall reflecting surface and wherein said second means of said assembly supports said modules relative to one another so as to define said overall reflecting surfaces. 3. A solar concentrator according to claim 2 wherein each of said modules includes a triangular outermost periphery. 4. A solar concentrator according to claim 3 wherein said modules includes a plurality of groups thereof, wherein the surface sections of each of said groups, when supported in a predetermined way, together include a predetermined portion of said overall surface, said portions defining parabolic cross sectional configurations having different focal lengths relative to one another so as to reduce the depth of said overall surface as compared to a single surface defined by a single focal length and said focal point, however, said portions together defining said overall surface having said predetermined focal point, and wherein said second means of said assembly supports said groups of modules in said predetermined way. 5. A solar concentrator according to claim 4 wherein said second means of said assembly supports said module groups so as to define lateral spaces between specific modules of different groups sufficient to allow wind to pass therethrough while retaining the parabolic configuration of said reflecting surface. 6. A solar concentrator according to claim 1 wherein said rotating means includes at least one wheel radially spaced outwardly from said vertical axis and mounted for movement along a predetermined path on said support surface and means for powering said wheel whereby to rotate said panel assembly about said vertical axis. 7. A solar concentrator according to claim 6 wherein said tilting means includes a hydraulically powered cylinder unit and wherein said wheel powering means is an hydraulically powered means. 8. A method of collecting solar energy, comprising: (a) initially placing a solar collecting panel having an outermost periphery which at least approximates a triangle in an operating position at a predetermined orientation relative to the sun at a given point in time during the day, said panel being placed on a horizontally extending support surface with one straight section of its outer periphery parallel with said surface; (b) as the sun moves during the course of the day, automatically moving said panel such that its orientation relative to the sun remains substantially constant; (c) in the event that said panel is exposed to wind of a velocity exceeding a predetermined value for a predetermined period of time while in said operating position, automatically moving said panel to a stowed position and maintaining said straight section parallel with said support surface; and (d) automatically moving said panel back to its operating position in the event that the velocity of said wind falls below said value. 9. A method according to claim 8 wherein said panel is moved by pivoting said panel about a predetermined horizontal axis and rotated about a predetermined vertical axis. 10. A method according to claim 9 wherein said panel is rotated by applying a force thereto at a point horizontally spaced from said vertical axis. 11. A point focusing solar concentrator comprising a substantially triangular reflecting surface of parabolic configuration serving to interrupt solar energy and reflect and focus said energy into a receiver, a frame means connected with a horizontally extending planar surface for pivotally mounting said reflector about a horizontal axis while maintaining one side of said triangle parallel with said planar surface, means for tilting said reflector about said axis, and means for rotating said reflector about a vertical axis, whereby to follow the position of the sun. 12. A solar concentrator, comprising: (a) a point focusing solar concentrating panel assembly, said assembly including (i) first means defining an overall reflecting surface of parabolic cross sectional configuration having a predetermined focal point and an outermost periphery which at least approximates a triangle, and (ii) second means for supporting said reflecting surface defining first means; (b) receiver means for converting solar energy to another form of energy; (c) means for fixedly supporting said receiver means at said predetermined focal point whereby to receive solar energy interrupted by said reflecting surface and reflected towards said focal point; (d) means connected with a fixed horizontally extending support surface for supporting said panel assembly such that one side of said periphery is substantially parallel with and adjacent to said support surface, said panel assembly supporting means including (i) means supporting said panel assembly for pivotal movement about an axis parallel with said one side of said periphery between a stow position during which said reflecting surface is substantially horizontal and a raised operating position during which said reflecting surface is angled relative to said horizontal surface, (ii) means for tilting said panel assembly about said parallel axis. (iii) means supporting said panel assembly for rotation about a vertical axis through said support surface, (iv) means for rotating said assembly about said vertical axis; and (e) means cooperating with said panel assembly supporting means for automatically moving said panel assembly from its raised operating position to its stowed position when exposed to a wind above a predetermined velocity. 