A solar panel installation comprising a plurality of solar panel structures each having a multiplicity of elongated thin wall sections defining a multiplicity of parallel passages extending between the ends of the panel structure, a plurality of mounting assemblies for mounting the plurality of panel structures on an exterior building surface having at least a vertical component of extent in parallel side-by-side relation so that an uppermost panel structure and a lowermost panel structure have uppermost and lowermost marginal side portions extending parallel to one another in the direction of extent of said passages and each pair of adjacent panel structures includes a lower marginal side portion overlapping an upper marginal side portion, a plurality of manifold tubes extending along the ends of the panel structures communicating with the ends of certain passages of each panel structure, and a coupling assembly connecting adjacent ends of adjacent tubes.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar panel installation comprising a plurality of solar panel structures each having a multiplicity of elongated thin wall sections defining a multiplicity of parallel passages extending between the ends of said panel structure, means mounting said plurality of panel structures on an exterior building surface having at least a vertical component of extent in parallel side-by-side relation so that an uppermost panel structure and a lowermost panel structure have uppermost and lowermost marginal side portions extending parallel to one another in the direction of extent of said passages and each pair of adjacent panel structures includes a lower marginal side portion overlapping an upper marginal side portion, and manifold tube means extending along the ends of said panel structures communicating with the ends of certain passages of each panel structure. 2. A solar panel installation as defined in claim 1 wherein said multiplicity of parallel passages in each of said panel structures includes a row of passages disposed in side-by-side relation between opposite sides of said panel structure, and said manifold tube means includes a manifold tube having a length generally equal to the side-to-side dimensions of each panel structure extending along each end of each panel structure with its axis disposed at an angle to the side-by-side extent of said row of passages, and means for fixedly securing each of said manifold tubes to the adjacent panel structure end so that the interior thereof is out of communicating relation with a plurality of passages in said row at each side of said panel structure and in communicating relation with the adjacent ends of the remaining passages of said row. 3. A solar panel installation as defined in claim 2 wherein said thin wall sections of each panel structure include exterior side-by-side thin wall sections defining a portion of said row of passages, the exterior thin wall sections defining the remaining passages of said row having a layer of insulating material secured exteriorly thereto, said layer of insulating material having an exterior mounting surface extending in a plane generally parallel with a plane passing through the axes of the associated manifold tubes. 4. A solar panel installation as defined in claim 3 wherein each layer of insulating material has central recess means formed therein opening to the associated mounting surface. 5. A solar panel installation as defined in claim 4 wherein said multiplicity of passages associated with each panel structure includes a second row of passages sealed at their ends of a number generally equal to the number of passages in said first mentioned row, said multiplicity of thin wall sections including an exterior thin wall section having an outwardly arching lens-shaped cross-sectional configuration defining a part of each one of the passages of said second row. 6. A solar panel installation as defined in claim 5 wherein said multiplicity of passages associated with each panel structure includes a corresponding third row of passages sealed at their ends between said first and second rows. 7. A solar panel installation as defined in claim 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 wherein the axes of said manifold tubes are disposed at an angle of approximately 3.degree.0' to the side-by-side extent of the associated first mentioned row of passages. 8. A solar panel installation as defined in claim 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 wherein said mounting means includes a plurality of mounting assemblies between each panel structure and the exterior building surface, each of said mounting assemblies comprising a pair of side-by-side U-shaped spring wire elements for receiving an upper marginal side portion of a lower solar panel structure therein, said wire elements including first and second pairs of leg portions, said first pair of leg portions having integral portions for entering an overlapping lower marginal side portion of an upper solar panel structure extending integrally from the free ends thereof in opposite directions and in generally longitudinally aligned relation with respect to one another, and means for securing the free ends of said second pair of leg portions together providing an opening therethrough for receiving a fastener securing the mounting assembly to the building surface. 9. A solar panel installation as defined in claim 8 wherein said opening providing means comprises an elongated plate having an elongated slot formed constituting said opening, said pair of wire elements including a pair of mounting portions extending integrally from the free ends of the second pair of leg portions in opposite directions and in generally longitudinally aligned relation with respect to each other, said mounting portions being rigidly secured to said mounting plate. 10. A solar panel installation as defined in claim 9 wherein said first pair of leg portions are shorter than said second pair of leg portions. 11. A solar panel installation as defined in claim 9 wherein said opening defining means includes an elongated open loop of wire having ends formed integrally with the free ends of said second pair of leg portions, said second pair of leg portions having bowed out sections adjacent the free ends thereof. 12. A solar panel installation as defined in claim 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 wherein said mounting means includes a plurality of mounting assemblies between each panel structure and the exterior building surface, each of said mounting assemblies comprising a strip of metal including a first leg portion for engaging the building surface, a first bight portion extending from one end of said first leg portion, a second leg portion shorter than said first leg portion extending from said first bight portion in a direction parallel to said first leg portion, a second bight portion extending from said second leg portion in a direction away from said first leg portion and generally parallel with said first bight portion and a third leg portion shorter than said first leg portion extending from said second bight portion in a direction generally parallel with but opposite to the extent of said second leg portion from said first bight portion, said first leg portion having opening means in the free end section thereof extending beyond the shorter second leg portion for receiving fastener means therethrough to secure the same to the building surface, said first leg portion, said first bight portion and said second leg portion defining a first U-shaped structure for receiving therein an upper marginal side portion of a lower panel structure therein, said second leg portion, said second bight and said third portion defining a second U-shaped structure for receiving therein a lower marginal side portion of an upper panel structure in overlapping relation to the upper marginal side portion of the lower panel structure. 13. A solar panel installation as defined in claim 12 wherein said second bight portion has a central section thereof deformed outwardly to receive therethrough a securing wire for said panel structures. 14. A solar panel installation as defined in claim 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 wherein said manifold tube means also includes a mounting assembly for sealingly securing adjacent open ends of each pair of axially aligned manifold tubes each of which includes a plurality of exterior lugs having slots extending axially therethrough, each of said coupling assemblies comprising a tubular member having opposed end portions for sealingly engaging within the open ends of the pair of manifold tubes, and a plurality lug slot entering locking straps secured at their mid-portions to the exterior periphery of the central portion of said tubular member at annularly spaced positions, each of said straps having a multiplicity of locking tabs formed between the side edges thereof and extending from one flat surface thereof to define locking surfaces facing toward the mid-portion thereof and inclined surfaces extending from the outer edges of said locking surfaces in a direction away from the mid-portion thereof to an adjacent flat surface of the strap. 15. A solar panel assembly adapted to be mounted in lapped relation with similar solar panel assemblies to form a roof or siding installation comprising a panel structure having a multiplicity of elongated thin wall sections defining a multiplicity of parallel passages extending between the ends of said panel structure, said multiplicity of parallel passages including a row of passages disposed in side-by-side relation between opposite sides of said panel structure, and a manifold tube having a length generally equal to the side-by-side dimension of said panel structure extending along each end of said panel structure with its axis disposed at an angle to the side-by-side extent of said row of passages, and means for fixedly securing each of said manifold tubes to the adjacent panel structure end so that the interior thereof is out of communicating relation with a plurality of passages in said row at each side of said panel structure and in communicating relation with the adjacent ends of the remaining passages of said row. 16. A solar panel assembly as defined in claim 15 wherein said thin wall sections include exterior side-by-side thin wall sections defining a portion of said row of passages, the exterior thin wall sections defining the remaining passages of said row having a layer of insulating material secured exteriorly thereto, said layer of insulating material having an exterior mounting surface extending in a plane generally parallel with a plane passing through the axes of said manifold tubes. 17. A solar panel assembly as defined in claim 16 wherein said layer of insulating material has central recess means formed therein opening to said mounting surface. 18. A solar panel assembly as defined in claim 17 wherein said multiplicity of passages includes a second row of passages sealed at their ends of a number generally equal to the number of passages in said first mentioned row, said multiplicity of thin wall sections including an exterior thin wall section having an outwardly arching lens-shaped cross-sectional configuration defining a part of each one of the passages of said second row. 19. A solar panel assembly as defined in claim 18 wherein said multiplicity of passages includes a corresponding third row of passages sealed at their ends between said first and second rows. 20. A solar panel assembly as defined in claim 16, 17, 18 or 19 wherein the axes of said manifold tubes are disposed at an angle of approximately 3.degree./0' to the side-by-side extent of said first mentioned row of passages. 21. A solar panel mounting assembly comprising a pair of side-by-side U-shaped spring wire elements for receiving an upper marginal side portion of a lower solar panel therein, said wire elements including first and second pairs of leg portions, said first pair of leg portions having integral portions for entering an overlapping lower marginal side portion of an upper solar panel extending integrally from the free ends thereof in opposite directions and in generally longitudinally aligned relation with respect to one another, and means for secring the free ends of said second pair of leg portions together providing an opening therethrough for receiving a fastener for securing the mounting device to a building surface having a vertical component of extent on which the upper and lower solar panel structures are to be installed. 22. A mounting assembly as defined in claim 21 wherein said opening providing means comprises an elongated plate having an elongated slot formed constituting said opening, said pair of wire elements including a pair of mounting portions extending integrally from the free ends of the second pair of leg portions in opposite directions and in generally longitudinally aligned relation with respect to each other, said mounting portions being rigidly secured to said mounting plate. 23. A mounting assembly as defined in claim 22 wherein said first pair of leg portions are shorter than said second pair of leg portions. 24. A mounting assembly aa defined in claim 24 wherein said opening defining means includes an elongated open loop of wire having ends formed integrally with the free ends of said second leg portions, said second pair of leg portions having bowed out sections adjacent the free ends thereof. 25. A solar panel mounting assembly comprising a strip of metal including a first leg portion for engaging a building surface on which the panel is to be installed, a first bight portion extending from one end of said first leg portion, a second leg portion shorter than said first leg portion extending from said first bight portion in a direction parallel to said first leg portion, a second bight portion extending from said second leg portion in a direction away from said first leg portion and generally parallel with said first bight portion and a third leg portion shorter than said first leg portion extending from said second bight portion in a direction generally parallel with but opposite to the extent of said second leg portion from said first bight portion, said first leg portion having opening means in the free end section thereof extending beyond the shorter second leg portion for receiving fastener means therethrough to secure the same to a building surface, said first leg portion, said first bight portion and said second leg portion defining a first U-shaped structure for receiving therein an upper marginal side portion of a lower panel structure therein, said second leg portion, said second bight and said third portion defining a second U-shaped structure for receiving therein a lower marginal side portion of an upper panel structure in overlapping relation to the upper marginal side portion of the lower panel structure. 26. A mounting assembly as defined in claim 25 wherein said second bight portion has a central section thereof deformed outwardly to receive therethrough a securing wire for said panel structures. 27. A mounting assembly as defined in claim 25 wherein said third leg portion has formed thereof a means to receive therethrough a securing wire for said panel structure. 28. A coupling assembly for sealingly securing adjacent open ends of two axially aligned manifold tubes each of which includes a plurality of exterior lugs having slots extending axially therethrough, said coupling assembly comprising a tubular member having opposed end portions for sealingly engaging within the open ends of the manifold tubes, and a plurality lug slot entering locking straps secured at their mid-portions to the exterior periphery of the central portion of said tubular member at annularly spaced positions, each of said straps having a multiplicity of locking tabs formed between the side edges thereof and extending from one flat surface thereof to define locking surfaces facing toward the mid-portion thereof and inclined surfaces extending from the outer edges of said locking surfaces in a direction away from the mid-portion thereof to an adjacent flat surface of the strap. 