The solar heat collector includes an enclosure having a solar energy transmitting cover member and a solar energy absorbing base member. Within the enclosure, structure is provided, connected to a fluid inlet, for causing a stream or film of fluid to flow along the interior surface of the cover member. The same structure may be used to impart a separate flow of fluid along the energy absorbing base member. The cover member is oriented to prevent the gravitational forces on the fluid stream, flowing along the interior surface of the cover member, from overcoming the adhesion forces between the stream and the interior surface of the cover member. This stream removes condensation from the cover member as it captures heat therefrom. The stream may be created by spraying fluid on the interior surface of the cover member or by a fluid dispensing member having a fluid outlet adjacent the interior surface of the cover. Means for distributing the fluid across the interior surface as same flows therealong may also be provided.
Claims We claim: 1. A solar energy collector comprising a solar energy absorbing base member having an interior surface, a solar energy transmitting cover member, having an interior surface, means for mounting said base member and said cover member in spaced relation, with said respective interior surfaces facing each other, so as to form an air space therebetween, a source of a heat exchange liquid medium, means, operably connected to said liquid source, for forming first and second liquid streams and for imparting said streams to said interior surface of said cover member and said interior surface of said base member, respectively, means for collecting the liquid after said streams have flowed along said respective interior surfaces, and means for connecting said liquid collecting means to a means for extracting heat from said collected liquid. 2. The collector of claim 1, wherein said stream forming and imparting means comprises a conduit connected to said source and having first and second sets of liquid outlets ports, each set of said ports being directed towards a different one of said interior surfaces. 3. The collector of claim 1, wherein said stream forming and imparting means comprises means situated between said interior surfaces having a first member inclined towards said interior surface of said cover member and a second member inclined towards said interior surface of said base member, each of said inclined members having a portion thereof spaced from the surface towards which same is inclined to permit limited liquid flow therebetween. 4. The collector of claim 3, wherein said spaced portion forms a liquid port. 5. The collector of claim 1, further comprising means for distributing said first stream across said interior surface of said cover member. 6. The collector of claim 5, wherein said distributing means comprises a member having a surface inclined towards said interior surface of said cover member, at least a portion of which is spaced from said interior surface of said cover member to permit liquid flow therebetween. 7. The collector of claim 6, wherein said spaced portion forms a liquid port. 