The position and attitude of a spacecraft is modified by selectively adjusting the positions of panels and vanes extending from the spacecraft body, relative to the direction of the ambient solar radiation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for modifying the position and attitude of a spacecraft subject to solar radiation and having a body with outer walls, comprising solar radiation responsive means responsive to pressure from the solar radiation directed toward the satellite body, support means for movably mounting said radiation responsive means on the body outside the walls at positions offset from the center of gravity of the body, and for adjusting the radiation responsive means so as to change the area of normal incidence of radiation upon said radiation responsive means, said radiation responsive means including a pair of panels and a plurality of sheets, said panels being mounted away from the body and including a pair of stems mounted on each one of said panels, said stems articulatably supporting said sheets on said panels, said stems each having an axis in the plane of one of the panels, said panels being rotatably mounted on the body about a second axis transverse to the first axis, said stems having portions extending beyond the panels, said sheets being mounted for rotation on the portions of said stems extending beyond the panels. 2. An apparatus as in claim 1, wherein said panels and sheets have flat operating surfaces. 3. An apparatus as in claim 2, wherein said operating surfaces are composed of solar cells. 4. An apparatus as in claim 2, wherein said panels are solar panels having solar cells. 5. An apparatus as in claim 4, wherein said solar cells form an array of single crystals. 6. An apparatus as in claim 4, wherein said solar cells are of the thin film type. 7. An apparatus for modifying the postion and attitude of a spacecraft subject to solar radiation and having a body with outer walls, comprising solar radiation responsive means responsive to pressure from the solar radiation directed toward the satellite body, support means for movably mounting said radiation responsive means on the body outside the walls at positions offset from the center of gravity of the body, and for adjusting the radiation responsive means so as to change the area of normal incidence of radiation upon said radiation responsive means, said radiation responsive means including a pair of panels and a plurality of sheets, said panels being mounted away from the body and including a pair of stems mounted on each one of said panels, said stems articulatably supporting said sheets on said panels, said stems each having an axis in the plane of one of the panels, said panels being rotatably mounted on the body about a second axis transverse to the first axis, said panels and said sheets each having an edge portion and a central portion surrounded by the edge portion, said stems each having an axis extending through the central portions of the sheets and the panels. 8. An apparatus as in claim 7, wherein said panels are solar panels including a plurality of solar cells. 9. An apparatus as in claim 8, wherein said second axis is in the plane of the panel and passes through the center of gravity of the body. 10. An apparatus for modifying the position and attitude of a spacecraft subject to solar radiation and having a body with outer walls, comprising solar radiation responsive means movably mounted on the body outside the walls at positions offset from the center of gravity of the body and responsive to pressure from the solar radiation directed toward the body, said radiation responsive means including a pair of panels and a plurality of sheets, means for rotatably securing said sheets on said panels, said sheets and said panels having respective rotational axes in the plane of the panels and transverse to each other, said sheets being rotatable about their respective axes, said securing means having portions extending beyond the panels, along the respective rotational axes of said sheets, said sheets being mounted for rotation on the portions extending beyond the panels. 