A highly efficient, open-ended solar energy receiver is disclosed having a porous element through which air passes and a conventional heat exchanger positioned above and immediately adjacent to the porous element such that when solar energy is focused onto the porous element, a constant controlled temperature hot air stream from the element is conveyed by the temperature controlled convectively rising hot air to the conventional heat exchanger to produce steam, thereby minimizing pumping requirements. The quantity of air flowing through the receiver is regulated, if desired, by a low-power exhaust fan operating at a relatively low temperature due to the removal of heat by the heat exchanger. Regulation may also be obtained by an opening at the top of the receiver, controlled in such a manner as to vary the air flow through the system to maintain a constant temperature output from the heat exchanger. Additionally, if desired, water flow control may be utilized to maintain the proper energy balance.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar energy receiver for use with focused solar energy, comprising: a body having an opening at one end through which focused solar radiation is adapted to pass, and exhaust means at the opposite end thereof, a porous member capable of withstanding said focused radiation, means for mounting said porous member adjacent the opening of said body, a heat exchanger means, and means for mounting said heat exchanger means between said porous member and said exhaust means above and proximate to said porous member such that energy is transferred to said heat exchange means by convectively rising hot air. 2. The receiver of claim 1 wherein said exhaust means includes means for controlling exhaust air thereby to control the energy balance of the system. 3. The receiver of claim 2 wherein said control means includes variable orifice means. 4. The receiver of claim 2 wherein said control means includes exhaust fan means. 5. The receiver of claim 1 wherein said porous member is made of silicon carbide. 6. The receiver of claim 1 wherein said porous member has a honeycomb structure in which the channels of the honeycomb point in the direction of said heat exchanger means. 7. The receiver of claim 1 and further including fluid storage means including means for pumping fluid in said fluid storage means to said heat exchanger means, and power generating means coupled to said heat exchanger means and run by the fluid heated by said heat exchanger means. 8. The receiver of claim 1 and further including a mirror field and means for mounting said receiver above said mirror field such that said heat exchanger means is above said porous member. 9. A solar energy conversion system comprising: means for focusing solar energy to a predetermined location, an open-end receiver at said predetermined location, said open-ended receiver having exhaust means at the end opposite said open-end, a porous member at said open end positioned to receive energy focused through said open end, heat exchanger means proximate to and above said porous member such that energy from said porous member is transferrred convectively to said heat exchanger means, and means for mounting said receiver such that said focused solar energy impinges on said porous member and such that said heat exchanger means is above said porous member. 10. The system of claim 9 wherein said exhaust means includes means for controlling convectively flowing air. 11. The system of claim 9 wherein said porous member has a honeycomb structure. 12. The system of claim 11 wherein the channels of said honeycomb point towards said heat exchanger means. 13. The system of claim 9 wherein said porous member is made from silicon carbide. 14. The system of claim 9 and further including a source of fluid including means for pumping said fluid through said heat exchanger means and power generating means coupled to the output of said heat exchanger means for utilizing the heated fluid therefrom to generate power. 15. A method of preventing heat exchanger burnout for heat exchangers which obtain energy from focused solar energy comprising the steps of: providing an open-ended solar receiver body having an outlet port opposite the open end with a heat exchanger located therein, and positioning a porous solar energy absorber below the heat exchanger and between the open end and the heat exchanger to intercept all of said focused solar energy, whereby constant temperature heated air is convectively transferred to the heat exchanger thereby to prevent burnout. 16. A method of providing constant temperature solar heated hot air to a heat exchanger which obtains energy from focused solar energy comprising the steps of: providing an open-ended solar receiver body having an outlet port opposite the open end with a heat exchanger located therein, and positioning a porous solar energy absorber below the heat exchanger and between the open end and the heat exchanger to intercept all of said focused solar energy, whereby constant temperature heated air is convectively transferred to the heat exchanger. 