A passive solar assistance device for use with a heat pump having a heat transfer fluid inlet and outlet, with means for circulating the fluid, a tank for containing an amount of the fluid, and at least one solar heat pipe having one end extending into the tank and adapted to be in contact with the fluid. At its opposite end the heat pipe is provided with a solar receiving device, such as an enclosed box having one or more transparent walls facing the sun or a plate construction comprising an extension of the heat pipe itself. In its heating mode, heat pipe is mounted at an angle of at least 30.degree., with the end associated with the solar receiving device in the lowermost position so that the heat pipe acts as a one way heat valve conducting heat from the solar receiving device to the fluid in the tank but not in the opposite direction. The heat pipe may be pivotally mounted to provide for either a heating mode or cooling mode.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar heat collector comprising, a heat storage tank containing a heatable fluid, solar heat receiving means for receiving heat from the sun comprising at least one heat pipe having one end for receiving solar heat and an opposite end in the fluid in said heat storage tank, means pivotally mounting said heat pipe to a wall of said tank through which said heat pipe extends whereby said heat pipe is positioned at an angle of at least 30.degree. with respect to the horizontal with said one end lower than said opposite end when the fluid in said tank is to be heated and wherein said heat pipe is pivotable to an angle of at least 30.degree. with respect to the horizontal with said opposite end lower than said one end for removing heat from the fluid in said tank, and an enclosed solar chamber slidably mounted on said wall of said tank through which said heat pipe extends for containing said one end of said heat pipe, said solar chamber including at least one transparent wall through which rays from the sun may pass to heat said one end of said heat pipe, said solar chamber being slidable downwardly for containing said one end of said heat pipe when it is in its lower position and slidable upwardly for containing said one end of said heat pipe when it is at its higher position. 2. A solar heat collector comprising, a heat storage tank containing a heatable fluid, solar heat receiving means for receiving heat from the sun comprising at least one heat pipe having one end for receiving solar heat and an opposite end in the fluid in said heat storage tank, means pivotally mounting said heat pipe to a wall of said tank through which said heat pipe extends whereby said heat pipe is positioned at an angle of at least 30.degree. with respect to the horizontal with said one end lower than said opposite end when the fluid in said tank is to be heated and wherein said heat pipe is pivotable to an angle of at least 30.degree. with respect to the horizontal with said opposite end lower than said one end for removing heat from the fluid in said tank, and an enclosed solar chamber slidably mounted to said wall of said tank through which said heat pipe extends for containing said one end of said heat pipe, said solar chamber including at least one transparent wall through which rays from the sun may pass to heat said one end of said heat pipe, said solar chamber being slidable downwardly for containing said one end of said heat pipe when it is in its lower position and slidable upwardly for containing said one end of said heat pipe when it is at its highest position, and a hood for shading said solar chamber when it is in its uppermost position. 3. A solar heat collector according to claim 1 wherein said heat pipe comprises an elongated hermetically sealed casing defining a chamber, a vaporizable fluid partially filing said chamber with a partial vacuum established in said chamber above said vaporizable fluid, and a wick lining said chamber through which said vaporizable fluid may pass. 4. A solar heat collector according to claim 3 wherein said heat pipe further includes a plurality of fins extending from said casing. 5. A solar heat collector according to claim 4 wherein said fins extend from said casing in the vicinity of said heat pipe ends. 6. A solar heat collector according to claim 4 wherein said fins extend from said casing along the entire length thereof. 7. A solar heat collector according to claim 1 further including a heat pump having an inlet and outlet line connected to said tank for receiving and discharging the fluid therefrom. 8. A solar heat collector according to claim 1 including at least one additional storage tank for containing an additional amount of the fluid, a cool fluid line connecting the bottoms of each of said storage tanks, and a warm fluid line connecting the tops of each of said storage tanks, whereby when the of fluid in said storage tanks is to be heated, heat is transmitted into the fluid of said tanks by said heat pipe and, when the fluid in said tanks is to be cooled, heat from said storage tanks is removed through said heat pipe. 9. A solar heat collector according to claim 8 further including a heat pump having an inlet line and an outlet line connected to said storage tank whereby said heat pump is supplied with warm fluid from said solar receiving means to operate said heat pump as a heating unit and provided with a heat receiving fluid in said main tank for discharging heat through said heat pipe when said heat pump is used as a cooling unit. 