A system including at least a pair of mounting spars supported in a spaced-apart parallel relationship by modular sections constructed of standardized hardware for mounting one or more solar collector panels in predetermined positions on stationary surfaces. The system includes provisions for accommodating expansion and contraction of the collector panels and insulating the manifold pipes employed in a solar installation for preventing radiation heat losses.
Claims We claim: 1. In combination with a solar collector panel, a mounting apparatus for supporting the solar collector panel in a predetermined position comprising: a. at least two modular sections constructed of standardized components; b. a pair of mounting spars attached to said modular sections in parallel, spaced-apart relationship for supporting opposed edges of said solar panel, each said mounting spar comprising an elongated base, and upstanding rails; c. hold-down brackets affixed to said opposed edges of said solar panel and extending over said rails for securing said solar panel to said mounting spars; d. means fastening said hold-down brackets on said solar panel to said mounting spars; e. manifold pipes connected to the solar collector panel for passing a fluid heat exchange medium through said solar collector; and f. means for covering and insulating said manifold pipes, said covering and insulating means comprising an elongated insulating block and a flashing for covering and attaching said insulating block to said solar panel and said mounting spars, said insulating block comprising top and bottom sections, the bottom section being configured to receive said rails provided on said mounting spars. 2. In combination with a solar collector panel, a mounting system for supporting the solar collector panel in a predetermined position comprising: a. at least two mounting spars disposed in a spaced-apart horizontally extending parallel relationship for supporting opposed edges of said solar panel, each said mounting spar comprising an elongated member having a base portion and an abutting portion projecting upwardly from the central area of said base portion and defining a support for one of said opposed edges of said solar panel; b. means for supporting said mounting spars in said spaced-apart parallel relationship and said solar panel in the predetermined position; c. at least one hold-down means attached to each said opposed edge of said solar panel and disposed in a position to extend over said abutting position of said mounting spars; and d. means for securing said hold-down means to said mounting spars whereby said solar panel is supported and held in abutting relationship on said mounting spars, said abutting portion of said mounting spars comprising a pair of parallel rails extending along the length of the base and said hold-down means comprising brackets disposed on the top edges of said rails and said hold-down brackets include elongated slots which register with apertures provided between the rails on said mounting spar and said securing means comprises bolts extending through said slots and said apertures whereby each opposed end of said solar panel is respectively fastened to a said mounting spar in a supporting and abutting relationship. 