The invention relates to an electromechanical solar tracking device which tracks the position of the sun using paired, partially-shaded bimetallic elements.
Claims I claim: 1. Apparatus for controlling orientation of a solar collector comprising; a member rotatable about a longitudinal axis thereof; a first bimetallic element having one end fixedly positioned at a first location spaced from said member and another end secured to said member, heat-induced flexing of said first element effecting rotation of said member; a second bimetallic element having one end secured to said member at a position spaced from said first element for movement in response to rotation of the member, heat induced flexing of said second element effecting movement of another end thereof to enhance or cancel the effects of the movement on said end; a pair of electric terminals spaced from opposing sides of the other end of said second element; shade means for selectively exposing said elements to the sun, the elements being equally exposed to the sun when in a desired orientation and unequally exposed to the sun when in an undesired orientation, equal exposure to the sun effecting substantially equal heatings and compensatory flexings of the bimetallic elements, and unequal exposure to the sun effecting substantially unequal heatings and unequal flexings of the bimetallic elements thereby causing contact by the other end of said second element with one said terminals. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising means for mounting said apparatus on a collector wherein rotation of said collector about an axis causes a corresponding rotation of said apparatus about a parallel axis. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising means extending from another side of said member for counter balancing the weight of said elements. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said solar collector is characterized as a longitudinal arcuate reflector steerable about a longitudinal axis thereof and said bimetallic elements are generally parallel to said collector axis and said member is generally perpendicular to said collector axis. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said bimetallic elements comprise linear strips extending parallel to each other from one side of said member. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein said shade means comprises a generally opaque plate intermediate said elements and perpendicular to the axis of said member, wherein said plate is edgewise to the sun and casts no shadow upon either element when the apparatus is in the desired orientation. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein said shade means further comprises a generally opaque elongate shade bar mounted perpendicular to said plate such that it is bisected lengthwise by the plane of said plate, wherein said bar casts equal shadows over each of said elements only when the apparatus is in the desired orientation. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein the shade bar is formed with a varying width to maintain constant sensitivity on said elements throughout a solar day. 