A tracking solar radiation structure which includes a main support column and a plurality of secondary structures mounted on the main column with a series of reflecting surfaces on the secondary structures. The bearing column extends in an inclined plane and is rotatable about its axis. The secondary reflector structures are articulatedly connected to the bearing column and adapted to swing with respect to the bearing column around the axis of articulation. The bearing column is supported at its lower end on an appropriate base and at a section above its mid-point by a substantially flat structure perpendicular to the axis of rotation of the bearing column.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar radiation reflector which comprises a bearing column, a plurality of secondary structures mounted on the bearing column and a series of reflecting surfaces mounted on the the secondary structures, the bearing column is mounted in an inclined position with respect to the local horizontal plane, the bearing column being mounted to have the ability to swing freely around its axis, a first drive mechanism connected with the bearing column for fixing the swing position of the column in any location around its axis, the secondary structures each being articulatedly mounted to the bearing column so that each secondary structure has the ability to swing with respect to the bearing column around a respective axis of articulation, a second drive mechanism connected with the secondary structures for swinging them around the respective axes of articulation, supports for supporting the column including one support located at the lower end of the column which for being anchored directly to the ground, and a second support at an intermediate point along the column, the second support is supported by a flat structure that extends to a bottom thereof and the flat structure is anchored at the bottom to the ground and the flat structure is located in a plane substantially perpendicular to the axis of swing of the bearing column. 2. A reflector according to claim 1, wherein the flat structure is comprised of two uprights which form an angle to each other, with the vertex of the angle being toward the bearing column and the uprights being anchored to the ground at their lower ends. 3. A reflector according to claim 1, wherein the flat structure is comprised of a compression-resistant resistant post, a plurality of tension-resistant tie rods for laterally bracing the post, the post being located substantially in the vertical plane which contains the secondary support and the post being anchored to the ground at the lower end of the post; the tie rods each forming an angle with the post and being anchored to the ground at the lower ends of the tie rods by adjustable turnbuckles. 4. A reflector according to any of claims 1, 2 or 3, wherein the secondary structures are counterbalanced statically by masses located in such a manner that the gravitational moments of the weight of the secondary structures around the respective axes of articulation on the main bearing structure are minimum. 5. A reflector according to claim 1, wherein the second support of the bearing column is comprised of a ring mounted around the bearing column, bearing-race elements interposed between the ring and the bearing column, the first drive mechanism comprising the ring and a spindle borne on the ring and oriented perpendicular to the axis of the ring, a toothed ring rigidly connected to the bearing column and engaged by the spindle, and a drive connected to the spindle for moving the spindle to move the toothed ring. 6. A reflector according to claim 1, wherein the articulated mounting of the secondary structures to the bearing column comprises shafts articulating the secondary structures to the bearing column, a respective lever connected to each said shaft and the levers being oriented parallel to each other, the parallel levers are articulated at their free ends to a connecting rod, the assembly of levers bearing a nut mounted on a spindle, to which the said second drive mechanism is connected, the levers, connecting bar and spindle being housed in the inside of the bearing column. 7. A reflector according to claim 1, wherein the second support is at a point along the bearing column in the upper half of the column. 