A solar heat collector is disclosed having a cover plate mounted in spaced relation with a solar energy absorber and having interposed between said cover plate and solar absorber an infrared absorber material.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar heat collector, comprising: (a) at least one cover plate capable of passing solar energy having a major surface with predetermined peripheral dimensions and shape; (b) a solar energy absorber having peripheral dimensions and shape similar to said cover plate; (c) at least one infrared absorbing member interiorly supported, disposed and spaced between said cover plate and solar energy absorber and having peripheral dimensions smaller than said cover plate and said solar energy absorber; (d) means for mounting said cover plate and solar energy absorber in spaced relation with said infrared absorbing member; (e) inlet means defining an area through which a heat transfer fluid may pass into said collector under, above, and around the infrared absorbing member to permit turbulent flow of the heat transfer fluid through the collector in close proximity to said absorber and infrared absorbing member; and (f) outlet means defining an area through which the heat transfer fluid passes out of said collector. 2. The solar heat collector of claim 1 wherein said mounting means is a rigid spacer frame having peripheral dimensions and shape similar to said cover plate, and solar energy absorber, said frame mounting marginal edge portions of the major surfaces of said cover plate and said solar energy absorber to provide a compartment therebetween. 3. The solar heat collector of claim 2 wherein said infrared absorbing member is mounted by supporting means between said cover plate and said solar energy absorber. 4. The solar heat collector of claim 3 which includes clamping means for supporting said infrared absorbing member between said cover plate and said absorber. 5. The solar heat collector of claim 1 wherein said cover plate is glass. 6. The solar heat collector of claim 1 wherein said heat transfer fluid is air. 7. The solar heat collector of claim 1 wherein said cover plate is a transparent plastic material. 