The invention comprises efficient means for conversion of solar energy into stored heat by means of a circulating fluid, preferably silicone oil, so that temperatures higher than 100.degree. C. may be efficiently attained. The fluid is passed through a helical conduit pipe of a blackened metal such as anodized aluminum or copper upon which a stainless steel semi-cylindrical reflector surface concentrates solar energy. There is a movable cleaning rig with a silicone oil wetted pad array that passes periodically over the stainless steel surface to keep it free of dirt and film. Also the transparent cover of a compartment in which the collector is mounted is periodically cleaned. Preferably the collector array is mounted in a pit in the ground to retain ground heat and prevent convection and radiation losses, and the reflector is moved to track the sun position.
Claims I claim: 1. Solar energy collection means comprising in combination, a fixed position conduit pipe in the form of a helix longitudinally disposed along an axis and adapted for conveying liquids to be heated by solar energy in a single direction along said longitudinal axis, and a reflector arranged axially along a helical array to receive and direct upon the helix over an axial distance therealong solar energy and means adapted to move the reflector relative to the helix to concentrate solar energy on the pipe throughout the day as the sun position changes, the reflector comprises a semi-cylindrical reflection surface relatively rotatable about its axis with a fixed position circumferentially disposed cleaning member engaging the reflector surface to wipe the reflection surface when it rotates. 2. The means defined in claim 1 wherein the conduit pipe extends axially away from the reflector at opposite ends. 3. The means defined in claim 1 in a housing comprising a closed top pit surrounded by earth and in temperature exchange relationship therewith to maintain in said pit an ambient temperature established by the earth temperature, with said reflector located therein to reduce convection currents and wind which would reduce the effective energy heating liquid in said pipe, thereby to retain the ground heat and earth insulation about the collection means. 4. The means defined in claim 1 wherein the helical array is wrapped around and disposed on the surface of an axial mounting member arranged axially along the axis of said reflector, and the reflector is held in place for rotation on said mounting member. 5. The means defined in claim 6 wherein the cleaning member comprises a pad wetted with silicone oil. 6. The means defined in claim 1 including means rotating said reflector about its axis to track the position of the sun during daylight hours, thereby periodically cleaning the reflector surface. 7. The means defined in claim 1 having a cleaning member mounted to move relatively over the reflector surface. 8. The means defined in claim 1 wherein the helical array comprises a blackened pipe covered by a transparent plastic cylindrical sleeve adjacent the pipe. 9. The means defined in claim 1 having the reflector and pipe mounted within a closed underground pit compartment preventing convection of air from carrying away solar energy from the vicinity of the conduit pipe. 10. The means defined in claim 1 mounted in a closed compartment covered with a transparent member and means movable across the transparent member surface to clean it. 11. The means defined in claim 10 wherein the transparent surface comprises a thin flexible plastic film in the form of an endless belt and means moves the belt through a cleaning member. 12. A solar energy collector array comprising in combination a reflector surface for concentrating solar energy rays, energy storage means positionable to receive the concentrated rays and a cleaning rig mounted adjacent said surface and movable over the reflector surface to remove dirt and film therefrom. 13. The array defined in claim 12 including means automatically moving the rig periodically over said surface. 14. The method of operating the solar energy collector of claim 1 by moving a reflector concentrating solar energy on the heat storage medium in a pit in the ground that preserves ground heat and reduces losses about the reflector from convection and radiation. 15. The method of operating solar energy collector array of claim 1 presenting at least one solar energy processing member comprising the step of periodically relatively moving cleaning means along solar energy processing member to prevent accumulation of film and dirt. 16. The method defined in claim 15 wherein the energy processing member is a solar collector and reflector surface including the more specific step of moving the reflector surface relative to the cleaning means by moving the reflector surface to track the sun. 17. The method defined in claim 15 wherein the energy processing member is a transparent cover over a compartment housing the collector array including the more specific step of moving the transparent cover continuously through said cleaning means. 18. The method of claim 15 wherein the processing member is a reflective solar collector, including the more detailed step of moving the cleaning means by changing the position of said collector to cause the cleaning means to move relative thereto by force of gravity. 