A plurality of footing pits are dug, and a preformed footing is placed in each. Each footing has a recess in its bottom covered by a sheet of flexible material, a grout inlet opening leading to the recess, and a plurality of relief ports. Grout is injected into the recess of each footing to seat it in its pit, and then a base plate support is installed thereon and adjusted to a selected height. Preformed beams are then mounted on the base plate supports, to provide a foundation for a building. Energy conservation is achieved by placing an insulating element vertically in each preformed beam, and solar energy collector equipment is mounted on the face of at least one beam. The solar energy collector equipment takes advantage of the location of the beams and their construction from precast concrete, and is of both the passive and active type.
Claims I claim: 1. A method for constructing a foundation upon which a building can be erected, said method including the steps of: excavating a plurality of spaced footing pits in the earth on the site where the building is to be erected, said pits each including a bottom and side walls; placing a preformed footing into each of said footing pits so that the footing rests on the earthen bottom wall of its associated pit, each of said footings having a grout inlet opening extending generally vertically therethrough; connecting a source of grout under pressure to the grout inlet opening of each of said footings, and injecting grout under pressure into the region beneath each footing until the grout fills essentially all of the space between the footing and the earthen bottom of the associated footing pit and elevation of the footing begins, so that the footing is firmly seated; disconnecting the source of pressurized grout from each footing after it is firmly seated and before significant elevation of the footing occurs, and allowing the grout to set; mounting a base plate means on each footing, and adjusting the top surfaces of all the base plate means after their respective footings are firmly seated, to place said surfaces in a predetermined vertical relationship to each other; and mounting horizontally extending preformed beams on the top surfaces of said base plate means, said beams extending horizontally between said base plate means and being adapted to receive and support the building to be erected on the site. 2. A method for constructing a foundation as recited in claim 1, including the further step after placing said preformed footing into its associated footing pit of: backfilling about the perimeter of said preformed footing, so as to effectively seal off the region between the undersurface of said footing and the bottom of its associated footing pit. 3. A method for constructing a foundation as recited in claim 1, wherein the preformed footing has a recess in the undersurface thereof, and wherein said step of placing a preformed footing into its associated footing pit includes: placing a sheet of flexible material over the undersurface of said footing to extend across said recess, whereby to define a protected cavity. 4. A method for constructing a foundation as recited in claim 3, wherein said sheet of flexible material is substantially larger in area than the area of its associated preformed footing, and wherein said step of placing said sheet of flexible material over the undersurface of said preformed footing includes the further step of pulling the edges of said sheet upwardly and inwardly against the sidewalls of its associated footing. 5. A method for constructing a foundation as recited in claim 4, including the further step after placing said preformed footing into its associated footing pit of: backfilling about the perimeter of said preformed footing against the outside of said sheet of flexible material, so as to engage the flexible material with the sidewalls of said footing and to effectively seal off the region between the undersurfaces of said footing and the bottom of its associated footing pit. 6. A method for constructing a foundation as recited in claim 1, including the additional step before excavating said footing pits of: excavating a crawl space area on the site where the building is to be erected, said footing pits thereafter being excavated within the area of said crawl space excavation. 7. A method for constructing a foundation as recited in claim 1 or 6, including the additional step after mounting said preformed beams of: backfilling about said footings and the lower portions of said preformed beams, unless said preformed beams are intended to be elevated above the earth. 8. A method of constructing a foundation as recited in claim 1, wherein said footings are each provided with a plurality of spaced relief ports extending generally vertically therethrough, and wherein said step of injecting grout under pressure into the region beneath each footing continues until grout is visible at the upper ends of all of said relief ports. 9. A method for constructing a foundation as recited in claim 8, including the additional step during the step of injecting grout under pressure of: plugging said relief ports in turn, beginning with the first relief port at which grout becomes visible. 10. A method for constructing a foundation as recited in claim 1, wherein after the step of disconnecting the source of grout from each footing occurs, the associated grout inlet opening is plugged. 11. A method of constructing a foundation as recited in claim 1, wherein each of said base plate means includes a threaded shaft having a base plate permanently fixed to the upper end thereof, and a threaded anchor permanently embedded within the top surface of the associated footing, and wherein said step of mounting a base plate means on each footing includes the steps of: threading the lower end of said shaft into its associated threaded anchor; turning said threaded shaft to adjust the top surface of said base plate to a preselected vertical position; and applying bending force to move said base plate relative to its associated footing, until the top surface of said base plate rests in a desired planar relationship. 12. A method for constructing a foundation as recited in claim 11, including the additional step after bending said base plate of: filling the space between said base plate and the top surface of its associated footing with grout. 13. A method for constructing a foundation as recited in claim 1, wherein at least one of said preformed beams is provided with solar energy collector means on a side surface thereof, and wherein said step of mounting said preformed beams includes placing said beam carrying said solar energy collector means so that said solar energy collector means is arranged for exposure to the sun. 14. A method for constructing a foundation as recited in claim 1, wherein said base plate means is made of metal and said preformed beams have metal anchor plates therein in the regions where they contact said base plate means, and wherein said step of mounting said preformed beams includes the step of welding said anchor plates to said base plate means. 15. A foundation system upon which a building can be erected, the site where the building is to be erected being prepared by excavating in the earth a plurality of spaced footing pits each having a bottom and side walls, and said foundation system including: a plurality of preformed footings, one for each of said footing pits, each of said preformed footings having a recessed bottom surface and a grout inlet opening extending generally vertically therethrough; anchor means permanently embedded centrally in the top surface of each of said footings; said footings each being adapted to have grout under pressure injected therebeneath through said grout inlet opening after the footing has been placed in its associated footing pit to rest on the earthen bottom thereof, the injection of the grout continuing until essentially all of the space between the footing and the bottom of its associated footing pit is filled and the footing is firmly seated; shaft means mounted in each of said anchor means, and projecting upwardly from the top surface of its associated footing; a base plate permanently fixed on the upper end of each of said shaft means, said shaft means all being vertically adjustable relative to said anchoe means to fix the upper surfaces of their respective base plates at a preselected vertical position; and a plurality of preferred horizontally extending beams arranged to be mounted on and extending between said base plates, and forming a supporting base for the building to be erected on the site. 16. A foundation system as recited in claim 15, wherein each of said preformed footings also includes a plurality of spaced relief ports extending generally vertically therethrough, the lower ends of said relief ports opening into the recessed bottom surface of the footing, and said relief ports being spaced from said grout inlet opening. 17. A foundation system as recited in claim 16, wherein each of said preformed footings further includes: a sheet of flexible material receivable over the bottom surface of said preformed footing, and adapted to form with said recess a protected cavity for receiving grout. 18. A foundation system as recited in claim 16, wherein each of said preformed footings further includes: plug means for closing said grout inlet opening, to prevent the leakage of grout from the region beneath the footing. 19. A foundation system as recited in claim 15, wherein said anchor means and said shaft means are threaded, each of said shaft means being receivable within its associated anchor means and being vertically adjustable by turning it relative thereto. 20. A foundation system as recited in claim 19, wherein said base plate is secured centrally of its bottom surface to the upper end of its associated shaft means, and is bendable relative to said shaft means about the central axis thereof for adjusting the top surface of said base plate to substantially any desired planar orientation. 21. A foundation system as recited in claim 15, wherein said preformed beams are made of precast concrete. 22. A foundation system as recited in claim 21, wherein said preformed, precast concrete beams have metal anchor plates embedded therein and wherein said base plates are made of metal, whereby said beams can be secured to each other and to said base plates by welding said anchor plates and said base plates to each other. 23. A foundation system as recited in claim 21, wherein said preformed, precast concrete beams each has a vertically disposed, longitudinally extending insulation element embedded therein, for reducing lateral heat transmission therethrough. 24. A foundation system as recited in claim 21, wherein at least one of said preformed, precast concrete beams carries a solar energy collector means, and wherein said foundation system further includes means for connecting said solar energy collector means with a building to be erected upon the supporting base formed by said plurality of preformed beams. 25. A foundation system as recited in claim 24, wherein said solar collector means includes collector conduits secured to the exposed face of said preformed, precast beam, and means for circulating fluid through said conduits. 26. A foundation system as recited in claim 24, wherein said solar energy collector means includes collector conduits cast into said preformed, precast beam, and means for circulating fluid through said conduits. 27. A foundation system as recited in claim 24, wherein said solar energy collector means includes collector conduits cast into said preformed, precast beam and also secured to the collector face of said beam, and means for circulating fluid through said conduits. 28. A foundation system as recited in any one of claims 24, 25 or 26, wherein said solar energy collector means further includes passageway means arranged to establish a convection air flow between said solar energy collector means and the interior of a building placed on said supporting base. 29. A foundation system as recited in claim 24, wherein said solar energy collector means includes a collector cavity, and passageway means arranged to establish a convection air flow between said cavity and the interior of a building placed on said supporting base, said passageway means including a heating duct connected with the upper end of said collector cavity, and a cold air return duct connected with the lower end of said collector cavity. 30. In combination, a foundation system and a building erected upon said foundation system, said foundation system including: a plurality of horizontally extending preformed beams connected to each other, each beam having top and bottom surfaces, and at least one of said beams being made of precast concrete and forming a heat sink; and means engaged with the bottom surfaces of said preformed beams for supporting said horizontally extending preformed beams upon the earth, whereby the top surfaces of said beams form a foundation upon which a building can be erected; a building mounted on the foundation formed by the top surfaces of said preformed beams, and including a floor and vertical sidewalls; and solar energy collecting means associated with said preformed beams and adapted to utilize the heat sink formed by said precast concrete beam(s), arranged to supply solar-generated heat to said building, said solar energy collecting means being operatively independent of the floor and sidewalls of said building and including: solar energy collector means connected with said precast concrete beam, and including: frame means connected to the front face of said precast concrete beam and extending horizontally thereof, and including a rear face; and collector panel means carried by said frame means, and spaced from said frame means rear face to define a collector cavity for generating solar heat, said collector cavity being arranged relative to said precast concrete beam so that at least a part of the solar heat generated therewithin impinges upon said precast concrete beam and is absorbed by the heat sink formed thereby; and means for collecting solar heat energy from within said collector cavity and from said heat sink, and connected with said building to distribute said heat to said building. 31. In the combination as recited in claim 30, wherein said means for collecting solar energy includes: collector conduit means on at least one of said rear face of said collector cavity and within said precast beam; and means for circulating fluid through said collector conduit means, said fluid being effective to collect heat generated by said solar energy collector means and distribute it to a location for use. 32. In the combination as recited in claim 31, wherein collector conduit means is located both on said rear face of said collector cavity, and within said precast beam. 33. In the combination as recited in claim 30, wherein said means for collecting solar energy includes: passageway means arranged to establish a convection air flow between said collector cavity and the interior of said building, said passageway means including a heating duct connected with the upper end of said collector cavity, and a cold air return duct connected with the lower end of said collector cavity. 34. In the combination as recited in claim 30, wherein said means for collecting solar energy includes ducts at least partially cast into said precast beam. 35. In the combination as recited in claim 33, wherein said means for collecting solar energy further includes: collector conduit means on at least one of said rear face of said collector cavity and within said precast beam; and means for circulating fluid through said collector conduit means, said fluid being effective to collect heat generated by said solar energy collector means and distribute it to a location for use. 36. In the combination as recited in any one of claims 30, 31, 33, 34 or 35, including additionally insulation means carried by said precast concrete beam on substantially the entire outer surface thereof except for the portion of said front face where said frame means is connected, to improve the heat sink characteristics of said beam. 37. In a foundation system upon which a building can be erected, said foundation system including a plurality of preformed beams for supporting said building, a plurality of footing means for supporting said preformed beams, each of said footing means comprising: a preformed footing adapted to be placed in a footing pit dug in the earth, said footing having a recess in its bottom surface, and a grout inlet opening extending generally vertically therethrough from the top surface of the footing to said recess; a sheet of flexible material extending across said recess to define a cavity for receiving grout injected into said recess through said grout inlet opening; and base plate means mounted on said preformed footing and adapted to receive one of said preformed beams. 38. In a foundation system as recited in claim 37, wherein said base plate means comprises: an internally threaded anchor means permanently embedded in the top surface of said preformed footing; a threaded shaft, the lower end of said shaft being receivable within said permanently embedded anchor means; and a base plate permanently fixed to the upper end of said shaft. 39. In a foundation system as recited in claim 38, wherein said base plate is secured centrally of the bottom surface thereof to the upper end of said shaft. 40. In a foundation system as recited in claim 39, including additionally: a column mounted on the top surface of said base plate and extending upwardly therefrom; and a mounting plate carried by the upper end of said column and adapted to support the joists of a building erected upon said foundation system, said mounting plate having openings therethrough for receiving fasteners for securing said joists thereto. 41. In a foundation system as recited in claim 37, including additionally: a flap valve secured to the bottom wall of said recess and arranged to extend over the lower end of said grout inlet opening, whereby after said recess has been filled with grout under pressure said flap valve will prevent outflow of said grout through said inlet opening. 42. In a foundation system as recited in claim 41, wherein said grout inlet opening extends through said footing at an angle to the vertical, with the bottom of said opening located centrally of the bottom wall of said recess. 43. In a foundation system as recited in claim 37, including additionally: a plurality of relief ports extending generally vertically through said preformed footing, all of said relief ports opening into said recess, and said ports being spaced from each other and located generally along the periphery of said recess. 