The present invention relates to a housing for a solar cell driven motor suitable for use in model toys. The housing typically has an inclined surface to which the solar cells may be applied. The housing may be used to energize a toy mill, radar tower, conveyor, or lever conductor.
Claims We claim: 1. A unitary drive module for a model toy comprising: a housing means suitable for mounting in association with said toy, said housing means comprising a pair of contiguous housings; a motor contained within said housing means, said motor having an output shaft extending from said housing means and couplable to moving parts of the model toy for driving same; at least one solar cell mounted on the exterior of each of said housing and electrically connected to said motor for energizing the motor, said solar cells being orientable toward a light source, said solar cells being connected in an anti-parallel circuit; and an adjustment drive for changing the position of the solar cells connected in said anti-parallel circuit. 2. A drive module for a model toy according to claim 1 characterized in that the housings of said housing means are prismoidally formed with a polygonal base surface and an inclined surface sloping with respect to the base surface on which said solar cell is mounted. 3. The drive module for a model toy according to claim 2 characterized in that this sloping surface is inclined at an angle of 30.degree. with respect to the base surface. 4. A drive module for a model toy according to claim 1 characterized in that the exterior surface of the solar cell has a plurality of projections of at least one of the prismatic, tetrahedral, and lens forming type. 5. A drive module for a model toy according to claim 1 characterized in that the walls of the housings of said housing means are formed out of at least one of plastic, wood, and metal stamped parts. 6. The drive module according to claim 1 further including an associated toy in the form of a toy mill, wherein said drive module is connected to the blades of said mill. 7. The drive module according to claim 1 further including an associated toy in the form of a radar tower, wherein the output shaft is connected to a pinion drive unit; the pinion (10) being arranged in driving arrangement with a pin wheel (12); a shaft of the pin wheel (12) being provided with a pinion (15) which has fewer teeth than the pinion (10); wherein above and below the pinion (15), pinions (13 and 14) are arranged in driving arrangement with the pinion (15); and wherein the pinions (13 and 14) are connected with the rotary shaft of the radar antenna; whereby the pinion (15) is bringable into engagement either with the pinion (13) or the pinion (14) during a revolution of the pin wheel (12). 8. The drive unit according to claim 1 further including an associated toy in the form of a conveyor, wherein said output shaft is connected to a pinion (16) arranged in rotary engagement with a crank (17); the shaft carried by the crank (17) being journalled eccentrically in bearing parts (19 and 20), whereby the bearing parts (19, 20) are raisingly and loweringly connected with a plate (21); and wherein on the shaft carried by the crank (17) is further arranged a pinion (18), which with a further pinion (22) is arranged in rotary engagement; the pinion (22) being fastened on a shaft (23) which is connected on the other end of the plate (21) with an eccentric (24) with which the other end of plate (21) is raisingly and loweringly connected. 9. A drive module according to claim 1 further including an associated toy in the form of lever conductor, wherein a pin wheel (30) driven from the output shaft of motor (5) is provided with a plurality of pins (31) on a part of the periphery, which either with a pinion (32) or with a pinion (33) during a revolution of the pin wheel (31) are arranged in driving engagement; the pinion (32) being fastened on a crank (34); the crank (34) being connected with a guide (35); the guide (35) being pivoted on a lever (36), which, in turn, is pivotable about a fixed pin (37); the other arm of the lever (36) being connected with a to and fro movable conductor (38), and wherein a further conductor (39) is connected in a corresponding manner with the pinion (33), conductors (38, 39) being arranged in a chute (40) to exert a lifting force on a rolling body (42). 10. A drive module according to claim 1 characterized in that mirror means is mounted on the housing means for increasing the efficiency of the solar cells. 11. The drive module according to claim 1 characterized in that a light ray collector is arranged in front of at least one of the solar cells. 12. A drive module for a model toy according to claim 2 wherein said contiguous housings are arranged back-to-back with said inclined surfaces sloping away from the contiguous portions of the housings. 13. A drive module for a model toy according to claim 1 characterized in that a dividing plate between the contiguous housings extends above the contiguous portions of housings. 