A combination sun-moon filter employs a first filter that is mounted at the front of the telescope and a second that is mounted in the telescope near the eyepiece. Each filter transmits approximately one percent of the light that strikes it, and both filters together reduce the amount of light leaving the viewing opening of the telescope to a value low enough for comfortable solar viewing. To convert to lunar viewing, it is only necessary to remove the front filter, and the remaining filter reduces light intensity enough for comfortable viewing of a bright moon.
Claims Having thus described the invention, I claim: 1. In a telescope having a front opening, a viewing opening, and an objective for focusing light rays traveling from said front opening to said viewing opening, the improvement comprising: a. a first optical filter removably mounted on said telescope substantially at said front opening, said first filter passing only a portion of the light rays that strike it; and b. a second optical filter removably mounted on said telescope so that light rays traveling from said objective to said viewing opening pass therethrough, said filter passing only a portion of the light rays that strike it, said first and second filters together reducing the light intensity to a first predetermined percentage suited to reducing the intensity of the sun's rays to a comfortable level, said second filter reducing the light intensity to a second predetermined percentage suited to reducing the intensity of the moon's rays to a comfortable level when said first filter is removed from said telescope, conversion from sun viewing to moon viewing thereby being possible by removal of said first optical filter. 2. The telescope improvement of claim 1 in which said first and second optical filters include first and second sheets, respectively, of a synthetic organic material, each sheet having a metallic coating covering its surface. 3. The telescope improvement of claim 2 wherein said metallic coating includes a layer of aluminum. 4. The telescope improvement of claim 2 wherein said sheets of synthetic organic material consist essentially of polyethylene terephthalate. 5. The telescope improvement of claim 4 wherein said sheets of synthetic organic material are less than about 0.05 mm thick. 6. The telescope improvement of claim 2 wherein said first and second optical filters include first and second support means, respectively, on which said sheets are mounted, said support means including mounting means for removably mounting said support means to said telescope. 7. The telescope improvement of claim 6 wherein said telescope includes a mirror mount mounted in said telescope centrally of said front opening and wherein said first support means includes a generally circular peripheral portion, a hub portion disposed centrally of said peripheral portion, and strut portions extending from said hub portion to said peripheral portion to join it thereto, said sheet being attached at the edge thereof to said peripheral portion of said support, said hub being removably mounted on said mirror mount at said front opening of said telescope. 8. The telescope improvement of claim 7 further including a permanent magnet mounted on said mirror mount and wherein said hub portion of said first support means includes magnetically susceptible material magnetically attracted to said permanent magnet to hold said hub in place on said mirror mount. 9. The improvement of claim 6 wherein said telescope includes a tubular portion positioned for passage therethrough of light rays traveling from said objective to said viewing opening and wherein said second filter support includes a generally cylindrical member received in said tubular portion of said telescope. 10. The telescope improvement of claim 1 wherein said first predetermined percentage is less than about 0.1%. 11. The telescope improvement of claim 10 wherein said second predetermined percentage is between about 0.1% and about 10%. 12. The telescope improvement of claim 11 wherein said first optical filter reduces the light intensity to a third predetermined percentage between about 0.1% and about 10%. 13. The telescope improvement of claim 12 wherein said second and third predetermined percentages are essentially equal. 14. A method of changing from solar to lunar telescopic viewing comprising the steps of: a. providing a telescope having a front opening, a viewing opening, an objective for focusing light rays traveling from said front opening to said viewing opening, a first optical filter removably mounted on said telescope substantially at said front opening, said first filter passing only a portion of the light rays that strike it, and a second optical filter removably mounted on said telescope so that light rays traveling from said objective to said viewing opening pass therethrough, said filter passing only a portion of the light rays that strike it, said first and second filters together reducing the light intensity to a first predetermined percentage suited to reducing the intensity of the sun's rays to a comfortable level, said second filter reducing the light intensity to a second predetermined percentage suited to reducing the intensity of the moon's rays to a comfortable level when said first filter is removed from said telescope; b. removing said first filter; and c. viewing the moon through said telescope. 15. A method of changing from lunar to solar telescopic viewing comprising the steps of: a. providing a telescope having a front opening, a viewing opening, an objective for focusing light rays traveling from said front opening to said viewing opening, and a first optical filter removably mounted on said telescope so that light rays traveling from said objective to said viewing opening pass therethrough, said filter reducing the light intensity to a first predetermined percentage suited to reducing the intensity of the moon's rays to a comfortable level; b. mounting a second optical filter on said telescope substantially at said front opening, said second filter and said first-mentioned filter together reducing the light intensity to a second predetermined percentage suited to reducing the intensity of the sun's rays to a comfortable level; and c. viewing the sun through said telescope. 16. A combination sun-moon filter kit for use with a telescope having a front opening, a viewing opening, and an objective for focusing light rays traveling from said front opening to said viewing opening, comprising: a. a first optical filter including a first filter sheet passing only a portion of the light rays that strike it, said first optical filter further including first support means on which said first sheet is mounted, said support means including means for removably mounting said first support means substantially at the front opening of the telescope; and b. a second optical filter including a second filter sheet passing only a portion of the light rays that strike it, said second optical filter further including second support means on which said second filter sheet is mounted, said second support means including means for removably mounting said second support means on said telescope so that light rays traveling from said objective to said viewing opening pass through said second filter sheet, said first and second filters together reducing the light intensity to a first predetermined percentage suited to reducing the intensity of the sun's rays to a comfortable level, said second filter alone reducing the light intensity to a second predetermined percentage suited to reducing the intensity of the moon's rays to a comfortable level, whereby said second optical filter may be mounted by said second mounting means on the telescope so that light rays traveling from said objective to said viewing opening pass through said filter sheet to permit comfortable viewing of the moon through the telescope, and whereby said first optical filter may be subsequently mounted substantially at the front end of the telescope by said first mounting means without removing said second optical filter to permit comfortable viewing of the sun through the telescope. 