A coupling for the outwardly stepped end of a pipe. The coupling comprises a body having first and second stepped portions which when the body is inserted axially into the pipe end engages with corresponding stepped portions. The body includes a flange which engages with the pipe end and securing means are provided fo retaining the body in position in the pipe. The coupling can be used for coupling pipes which are each located in housings. The housings can be for example those of solar energy absorber panels with the coupling joining together the header pipes.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A coupling between pipes which have outwardly stepped ends and are each located in housings, said coupling comprising a tubular member extending axially between said pipes and located by each end in a stepped portion of each respective pipe, a sleeve located over said tubular member and extending axially between said pipes, said sleeve having the ends thereof engaged in respective pipes between said tubular member and the or a further stepped portion of said pipes and fixing means for retaining the pipe housings in a spaced relationship. 2. A coupling is claimed in claim 1 wherein said sleeve has an upstanding flange which extends between the respective pipe ends. 3. A coupling is claimed in claim 2 wherein an annular seal is located between each said pipe end and the upstanding flange. 4. A coupling is claimed in claim 3 wherein said flange includes a recess in which said annular seal engages. 5. A coupling is claimed in claim 4 wherein said annular seal includes a projection which extends between said housing and the outer surface of said pipe end. 6. A coupling is claimed in claim 5 wherein said annular seal is of substantially T-shape cross section. 7. A coupling is claimed in claim 3 wherein two annular sealing members are located on said tubular member and are positioned between the end of the sleeve and the transition between the said further stepped portions. 8. A coupling is claimed in claim 7 wherein each said pipe end has a third stepped portion at the extreme end thereof, this third stepped portion engaging with a stepped portion extending from the flange of said sleeve. 9. A coupling is claimed in claim 1 wherein the fixing means is at least one bridge member secured to the pipe housings by mechanical fastenings. 10. A solar heater which includes at least two solar energy absorber panels mounted side by side with the adjacent end of the header or inlet and outlet pipes thereof coupled by a coupling of the type set forth in claim 1. 11. A solar heater is claimed in claim 10 wherein said panels are mounted by mounting rails which also form the fixing means to retain the pipe ends in said spaced relationship. 12. A solar heater is claimed in claim 11 wherein said rails are mounted by a series of clamps each said clamp comprising a first member adapted for securing to a fixture and a second member having retaining means which engage with said rail, the second member being so mounted on said first member that its position thereon can be adjusted. 13. A solar heater is claimed in claim 12 wherein the second member includes a groove and spaced there from a ledge, said rail being of L shape cross-section with the edge of one leg engaged in said groove and the other leg engaged on said ledge. 