Solar collectors are supported for accurate alignment with the sun through all daylight hours, as guided by a tracking system employing a sensor for light level and subordinate sensors for two axis tracking, each of the subordinate sensors having a relatively long and thin band of view parallel to the axis of motion. Special coatings on the heat gathering element of the collector efficiently convert infrared, ultraviolet and, to some extent, gamma and cosmic rays into heat. In a system for generating electricity, collectors feed a heat transfer fluid to a heat transfer manifold where collector and fluid temperatures are monitored to control the rate of fluid flow. The fluid also circulates between the manifold and a plurality of heat storage containers. Heat from the containers is removed by another fluid that circulates through an electrical generating system employing a prime mover powered by the second fluid. During periods of continued generation, the system permits the second fluid to be reheated in only one heat storage container at a time, while the collectors regenerates spent heat storage containers.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar electrical generating system comprising: (a) a collector having a solar heat gathering element; (b) a plurality of heat storage containers containing a storage media; (c) a heat transfer fluid manifold; (d) means for circulating a heat transfer fluid between said collector heat gathering element and said heat transfer fluid manifold; (e) means for circulating a heat transfer fluid between the heat transfer fluid manifold and each of said heat storage containers; (f) a hot gas manifold; (g) means for circulating an operating fluid from each heat storage container to the hot gas manifold; (h) means for returning operating fluid from the hot gas manifold directly to a heat storage container; and (i) a closed cycle electrical generating apparatus receiving operating fluid from the hot gas manifold and returning the fluid to a heat storage container. 2. The solar electrical generating system of claim 1, wherein said closed cycle electrical generating apparatus comprises: (a) a pump connected to the hot gas manifold to receive heated operating fluid therefrom; (b) a plurality of pressure tanks having means for directing operating fluid from the pump to a selected one of the tanks; (c) a prime mover operable by operating fluid pressure connected to the pressure tanks to receive fluid; (d) a surge tank connected to the prime mover to receive spent operating fluid; (e) a vacuum pump removing operating fluid from the surge tank and directing it to a heat storage container; and (f) an electrical generating device powered by said prime mover. 3. The solar electrical generating system of claim 2, further comprising waste heat transfer means connected between said vacuum pump and heat storage container for providing a first stage of heat to said spent fluid. 4. The solar electrical generating system of claim 1, wherein said operating fluid comprises a fluid having a vapor pressure between 50 pounds psig and 1000 pounds psig at 100 degrees F. 5. The solar electric generating system of claim 1, wherein said operating fluid is selected from the group consisting of sulphur dioxide, methyl chloride, ammonia, carbon dioxide, methylene chloride, propane, butane, monobromotrifluoromethane, dichloromonofluromethane, monochlorodifluoromethane, monochlorotrifluoromethane, and dichlorodifluoromethane. 6. The process for operating a solar electrical generating system having a plurality of solar collectors joined to a heat transfer fluid manifold that is connected to a plurality of heat storage containers and having a heat transfer fluid circulatable between the collectors, heat transfer fluid manifold and storage containers, and further having a hot gas manifold connected to the heat storage containers and in operative connection with a pump supplying pressurized operating fluid to a pressure tank, in turn supplying pressurized operating fluid to a prime mover that turns an electrical generating apparatus, the prime mover venting spent operating fluid to a surge tank connected to the heat storage containers, comprising: (a) monitoring the outlet temperature of the heat transfer fluid exiting the collectors and operating a pump in response to the temperature to maintain the temperature below a predetermined level by pumping the fluid into the heat transfer manifold (b) pumping heat transfer fluid from the heat transfer manifold through the heat storage containers to bring the temperature in the containers to a predetermined maximum; (c) monitoring the temperature in the heat storage containers and terminating fluid flow through each container that reaches a predetermined maximum; (d) circulating an operating fluid through a first selected one of said heat storage containers to provide hot fluid to the hot gas manifold; (e) monitoring the temperature decline in said first selected heat storage container and in response to a predetermined minimum temperature terminating fluid flow through the first selected container; (f) subsequently circulating an operating fluid through a second selected one of said heat storage containers while restoring flow of heat transfer fluid to said first selected container. 7. The process of claim 6, wherein the hot gas manifold has a by-pass conduit connected to the heat storage containers for returning operating fluid thereto, further comprising monitoring the temperature of operating fluid in the hot gas manifold, and pumping operating fluid from the hot gas manifold through the by-pass in response to a monitored temperature below a predetermined level. 