Apparatus for collecting solar energy comprises a collector having a solar-energy collector surface. The collector is mounted on a support and is pivotable between an exposed position in which the collector surface faces the sun and a substantially-horizontal sheltered position in which the collector surface faces the earth, thereby protecting the collector surface from the elements and facilitating access thereto for maintenance.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Apparatus for collecting solar energy, comprising: a pedestal support; a collector member having a solar-energy collector surface and a substantially centrally-located gap having a width substantially equal to the width of said pedestal support, said collector member being supported by said pedestal support for pivotal movement about a horizontal axis over an angle of about 180.degree., between an exposed position wherein said collector surface is oriented toward the sun and a substantially horizontally oriented sheltered position wherein said collector surface is oriented toward the earth, with said pedestal being engaged by said gap during pivoting into said sheltered position; and means for pivoting said collector member between said exposed and sheltered positions about said horizontal axis, said pivoting means being accommodated at least in part within said pedestal and comprising a first double-ended lever comprised of first and second lever arms rigidly connected together at an angle less than 180.degree., said first lever being pivotably mounted between its ends on said pedestal, a second double-ended lever having its first end pivotably connected to the second end of said first lever and its second end pivotably connected to said collector means, and means for actuating the first end of said first lever to pivot said collector member. 2. Apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a base and means for mounting said pedestal on said base for rotation about a vertical axis. 3. Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said pivoting means comprises an electro-mechanical device. 4. Apparatus according to claim 3, wherein said electro-mechanical device is accommodated at least partially within said pedestal. 5. Apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising an electronic control unit for controlling sun-tracking movement of said collector member and being responsive to signals from a warning system to pivot the collector member into said sheltered position. 6. Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said collector surface comprises energy-reflecting means. 7. Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said collector surface comprises energy-absorbing means. 8. Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said actuating means comprises a threaded spindle connected to the first end of said first lever and a motor for rotating said spindle. 