A plurality of wind turbines are supported aloft on the same tethered airfoil which is provided with devices for orienting the wind turbines into the wind. Various ways and devices are described for converting the wind energy into electrical power and for connecting and providing the plural outputs to the same electrical power grid. The principles are applicable whether there are a small number of relatively large wind turbines, a large number of relatively small wind turbines or some of each.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system, comprising: a positive-lift, lighter-than-air, flexible gas bag-type airfoil provided with a lined vent which extends completely generally axially therethrough; a plurality of wind energy conversion devices each having a power output-providing device; frame means supported by said airfoil and mounting said wind energy conversion devices for rotation relative to said airfoil, each being axial aligned so as to be substantially parallel with said vent; a plurality of motorized, individually operable winches, being at least three in number, and being for disposition at spaced sites generally in an imaginary ring on the ground; each such winch having a tether line having a first end connected therewith and having a respective outer end; means connecting each tether line outer end to said airfoil radially distally of said vent, so that said airfoil is tethered to said winches from a plurality of widely distributed sites; a means for supplying inflating lighter-than-air gas to the airfoil, this means including a gas inlet control valve; a means for releasing inflating lighter-than-air gas from within the airfoil, this means including a gas release control valve; means for sensing wind direction incident upon said airfoil and for providing an output signal in relation thereto; a tether control system incorporating means for determining for each of a plurality of various different wind direction-related output signals received from said sensing means, respective control signals equating to the amounts by which each of the respective tether lines must be reeled in or payed out in order to tilt the airfoil into the wind at an optimum angle of attack to maximize power output of said power output-providing devices of said wind energy conversion devices; means operatively connecting said sensing means to said tether control system for furnishing said output signal to said tether control system; and means operatively connecting said tether control system to each of said motorized, independently operable winches for furnishing said respective control signals to the respective said winches. 2. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 1, wherein: the airfoil is of generally hemispherical shape, base generally downwards, with each wind energy conversion device being constituted by a respective wind turbine mounted generally at the lower end of said vent. 3. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 2, wherein: each power output-providing device comprises a rotary-driven electrical generator operatively coupled to a respective said wind turbine. 4. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 3, wherein: said electrical generator is supported aloft by said airfoil. 5. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 4, further comprising: a respective service line connected with each said electrical generator and extending therefrom for taking off electrical power generated by operation of said electrical generator. 6. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 5, wherein: each service line extends to the ground along one of said tether lines. 7. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 3, further comprising: means for integrating the outputs of all of said generators and for providing the resulting output to an electrical distribution grid. 8. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 4, further comprising: means for transmitting electrical power generated by operation of said electrical generators to remotely of said electrical generators. 9. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 8, wherein: said transmitting means is constituted by at least one microwave transmitter supported by said airfoil and at least one microwave receiver located on the ground. 10. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 2, wherein: said frame means comprises a structure extending from said wind turbines to the base of said lined vent, a ring having said structure joined thereto at the base of said lined vent; an outer ring extending around the outer periphery of the airfoil; and a plurality of tensioned mechanical tie means interconnecting the inner and outer rings at a plurality of angularly spaced points. 11. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 1, further including flap means skirting said airfoil at the base thereof. 12. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 1, wherein: said tether control system operates in use to tilt said airfoil at an angle .alpha. of up to about 30.degree. from horizontal, headed into the wind. 13. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 1, wherein: said lined vent increases exponentially in radius from bottom to top in order to provide a diffuser augmenter. 14. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 1, wherein: said means for supplying inflating lighter-than-air gas to the airfoil includes a gas generator. 15. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 14 wherein said gas generator is a hydrogen generator. 16. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 15, wherein: said hydrogen generator is borne aloft by said airfoil. 17. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 15, wherein: said hydrogen generator constitutes at least part of said power output-providing device by having a capacity, when in use, to provide substantially more hydrogen, as an output product, than is required for providing inflating gas for said airfoil; and means for taking off excess hydrogen from said hydrogen generator as an output product. 18. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 1, further including: means communicated to said tether lines, said tether control system, and said control valves, for sensing the tension on said tether lines and for admitting inflating gas to said airfoil and for releasing inflating gas from said airfoil for maintaining said tension within a preselected range. 19. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 1, wherein: each power output-providing device comprises a respective rotary shaft. 20. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 19, wherein: each said rotary shaft is flexible. 21. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 1, wherein: said airfoil is internally divided into a plurality of individual compartments by internal wall means, in order to prevent one puncture from causing catastropic loss of inflating gas from said airfoil. 22. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 21, wherein: said internal wall means comprise a plurality of internal walls of flexible sheet extending perpendicularly to said base and radially of said vent at about 30.degree. intervals. 23. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 22, wherein: said base and said internal walls are relatively dark-colored and wherein the remainder of said airfoil is relatively transparent for enhancing warming by solar radiation of inflating gas contained in said airfoil. 24. The multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 1, further comprising: a cradle disposed on the ground beneath said airfoil; and means for guidingly lowering said airfoil down onto said cradle to a non-use position thereon. 25. A multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system, comprising: a plurality of wind turbines each having a power output-providing device for providing a power output as that wind turbine is rotated by the wind; a generally toric, lighter-than-air gas-filled airfoil having a generally hemispherical outer, upper side and a generally flat inner, lower side, with a generally central, lined vent passageway communicating generally axially between said sides so as to have an entrance through said lower side and an exit through said upper side; means for mounting each wind turbine with axes parallel to said vent adjacent said vent entrance; a plurality of angularly widely distributed tether lines each attached to said airfoil distally of the longitudinal axis thereof; a plurality of ground-based tether line payout/takeup devices, each having a respective said tether line connected therewith, so that individual said devices may be operated to increase and decrease the lengths of the individual tether lines effectively in use, for tilting the wind turbine into the wind without need for rotating the airfoil. 26. A multiple wind turbine tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system comprising: a plurality of wind turbines each having a respective power output shaft means; frame means mounting the wind turbines for rotation about respective generally vertical, but tiltable axes; a buoyant-in-air gas bag airfoil means having said frame means mounted thereto for deploying the resulting wind turbines, frame means, gas bag means assembly above a datum surface; a plurality of tether lines each having an upper end secured to said assembly and a lower end extended down to adjacency with said datum surface; a separate means anchoring each said tether line lower end relative to said datum surface and including means for acting upon the respective tether line for effectively lengthening and shortening the distance between each respective tether line upper end and said datum surface; control means connected to all of said effectively lengthening and shortening means and being operable to coordinately modify said distances by shortening at least one and/or lengthening at least another for selectively tilting said axis and thus heading the airfoil into the wind. 27. A method for deploying a plurality of wind turbines into the wind, comprising: suspending all the wind turbines in mid-air above a datum surface by buoying all the wind turbines with a common lighter-than-air gas bag airfoil so that the respective wind turbine longitudinal axes are generally vertically oriented; tethering the wind turbines down to the datum surface using a plurality of perimetrically widely distributed tether lines; and coordinately relatively lengthening and shortening said tether lines in order to incline the respective wind turbine longitudinal axes in the azimuthal direction and to the degree which maximizes wind energy conversion by said wind turbines to rotary output power. 28. A multiple wind energy conversion device tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system, comprising: a positive-lift, lighter-than-air, flexible gas bag-type airfoil provided with a lined vent which extends completely therethrough; a plurality of wind energy conversion devices, each comprising a means for accepting a wind energy mechanical input and providing a converted power output; means mounting all said wind energy conversion devices on said airfoil for movement of portions thereof with respect thereto incident to accepting said input and providing said converted output, said wind energy conversion devices being disposed athwart said vent, so that at least some wind in order to transit said vent must impact said wind energy conversion devices; a plurality of tether lines, being at least three in number, each having a first end effectively secured to the airfoil and a depending second end; a respective anchor means associated with said second end of each tether line; each tether line and respective anchor means associated therewith including means for effectively adjusting the length in use of the respective tether line for correspondingly adjusting the vector of tilting of said airfoil and thus adjusting the aiming of said vent, for regulating the acceptance of wind energy by said wind energy conversion device. 29. The multiple wind energy conversion device tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 28, wherein: each of said wind energy conversion devices comprises a wind turbine and frame means mounting that wind turbine on the airfoil. 30. The multiple wind energy conversion device tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 29, wherein: said frame means is constituted by a unitary frame for all of said wind energy conversion devices. 31. The multiple wind energy conversion device tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 28, wherein: each of said wind energy conversion devices comprises an electrical generator for converting mechanical motion to electrical power. 32. The multiple wind energy conversion device tethered airfoil wind energy conversion system of claim 28, wherein: said system further includes means for communicating said converted power output to a ground site off-board said airfoil. 