A solar energy collection and conversion system is disclosed in which a cassegrain mirror system is rotated about a diurnal axis, which axis is adjusted for seasonal variations in the incidence of the sun's rays on the earth's surface. A black body absorption cavity filled with translucent or transparent fluid material is used for direct absorption of the sun's rays. The incident solar energy is absorbed directly by the fluid medium. The fluid within the cavity may be maintained under extremely high pressures and temperatures in order to utilize this fluid as a heat storage medium. Such heat storage is facilitated by apparatus which permits a change in the volume of the reflective cavity in response to the temperature or pressure of the fluid within the cavity.
Claims I claim: 1. Apparatus for converting radiant solar energy, comprising: means for focusing said radiant energy; and opaque optically closed black body cavity means containing a transparent or translucent medium and a transparent window positioned near the focal point of said focusing means, the area of said window which admits solar energy to said cavity means being less than one percent of the wall area of said cavity means, said medium directly absorbing substantially all of said focused radiant energy entering said closed cavity means through said window, said cavity including means for repeatedly reflecting said radiant energy from the walls of said cavity to provide repeated transmission of said radiant energy through said medium. 2. Apparatus for converting solar energy as defined in claim 1 wherein said cavity means comprises: a vessel having reflective inside walls and wherein said transparent window is sealed in said aperture for admitting said focused energy to said vessel. 3. Apparatus for converting solar energy as defined in claim 1 wherein said cavity means is stationary, said apparatus, additionally comprising: means for adjusting the position of said focusing means to provide a focus for said energy which remains on said window as the relative position of the earth and sun changes. 4. Apparatus for converting solar energy as defined in claim 1, additionally comprising: means connected to said cavity means for pumping said fluid through said cavity means. 5. Apparatus for converting solar energy as defined in claim 1 wherein said focusing means comprises: a cassegrain mirror system. 6. Apparatus for converting solar energy as defined in claim 1, additionally comprising: a container surrounding and spaced from said cavity means, the space between said container and said cavity means being evacuated. 7. Apparatus for converting radiant solar energy, comprising: means for focusing said radiant energy; an optically closed black body cavity containing a transparent or translucent medium and a transparent window positioned near the focal point of said focusing means, said medium directly absorbing said focused radiant energy entering said closed vessel through said window, said cavity including means for repeatedly reflecting said radiant energy from the walls of said cavity to provide repeated transmission of said radiant energy through said medium; and means for adjusting the volume of said optically closed cavity. 8. Apparatus for converting radiant solar energy comprising: means for focusing said radiant energy; an optically closed black body cavity containing a transparent or translucent fluid medium, and a transparent window positioned near the focal point of said focusing means, said fluid directly absorbing said focused radiant energy entering said closed vessel through said window, said cavity including means for repeatedly reflecting said radiant energy from the walls of said cavity to provide repeated transmission of said radiant energy through said fluid; and means for pressurizing said fluid within said cavity to prohibit vaporization thereof. 9. Apparatus for converting radiant solar energy comprising: means for focusing said radiant energy; and an optically closed black body cavity containing a transparent or translucent medium, wherein said medium is water, and wherein said cavity forms a high pressure vessel for withstanding pressures required for prohibiting vaporization of said water, and a transparent window positioned near the focal point of said focusing means, said water directly absorbing said focused radiant energy entering said closed vessel through said window, said cavity including means for repeatedly reflecting said radiant energy from the walls of said cavity to provide repeated transmission of said radiant energy through said water. 10. Apparatus for converting solar energy, comprising: a black body cavity vessel containing a fluid and having means for repeatedly reflecting solar energy from the walls of said cavity; means utilizing the solar energy incident on an area of predetermined size for heating said fluid within said vessel; and means permeable to said fluid for adjusting the volume of said vessel. 11. Apparatus for converting solar energy as defined in claim 10 wherein said adjusting means automatically adjusts said volume in response to the temperature of said fluid. 12. Apparatus for converting solar energy as defined in claim 11 wherein said adjusting means automatically maintains said temperature constant. 13. Apparatus for converting solar energy as defined in claim 10 wherein the inside walls of said vessel are reflective and wherein said adjusting means comprises: a reflective partition mounted within said vessel and movable relative thereto. 14. Apparatus for converting solar energy as defined in claim 13 wherein said adjusting means additionally comprises: means for automatically moving said reflective partition relative said vessel in response to the temperature of said fluid. 15. Apparatus for converting solar energy as defined in claim 10 wherein said heating means comprises means focusing said solar energy incident on an area of predetermined size. 16. Apparatus for converting solar energy as defined in claim 15 wherein said vessel includes an aperture located at the focus of said focusing means. 17. Apparatus for converting solar energy as defined in claim 16 wherein said vessel is designed to withstand high pressures of said fluid and wherein said aperture is covered by a transparent, pressure resistant element. 18. Apparatus for converting solar energy as defined in claim 10 wherein said heating means heats said fluid through direct absorption of said solar energy by said fluid. 19. A method of converting solar energy comprising: supplying and withdrawing a working liquid medium to and from an opaque, optically closed black body cavity; focusing solar energy within said cavity through a window having an area which is less than one percent of the area of said cavity; and directly absorbing substantially all of said focused energy in said working liquid medium through repeated reflection of said energy from the walls of said cavity and repeated transmission of said energy through said working liquid medium. 20. A method of converting solar energy as defined in claim 19 wherein said focusing step comprises: reflecting said solar energy from a primary concave mirror having a central aperture; reflecting said solar energy previously reflected by said primary mirror from a secondary convex mirror toward a focal point through said aperture. 21. A method of converting solar energy as defined in claim 20, additionally comprising: adjusting the positions of said primary and secondary mirrors to track the relative movement of the sun and earth while maintaining said focal point at a fixed location. 22. A method of converting solar energy comprising: supplying and withdrawing a liquid to and from an optically closed black body cavity, wherein said supplying step comprises: pumping said liquid into said cavity at a pressure which maintains said liquid at liquid density, when said cavity is at a temperature above the atmospheric pressure boiling point of said liquid; focusing solar energy within said cavity; and directly absorbing said focused energy in said working medium by repeatedly reflecting said solar energy from the walls of said cavity. 23. A method of converting solar energy comprising: supplying and withdrawing a working medium, said medium being a fluid, to and from an optically closed black body cavity; focusing solar energy within said cavity; adjusting the volume of said working fluid directly absorbing said focused energy; and directly absorbing said focused energy in said working fluid by repeatedly reflecting said solar energy from the walls of said cavity. 24. A method of converting solar energy comprising: supplying fluid under pressure to a black body cavity vessel; heating said fluid within said vessel by concentrating the solar energy incident on a predetermined area and focusing said concentrated energy into said vessel and repeatedly reflecting said energy from the walls of said vessel for direct absorption by said fluid within said vessel; and adjusting the volume of said vessel to adjust the volume of fluid directly absorbing said energy within said vessel. 25. A method of converting solar energy as defined in claim 24 wherein said adjusting step comprises: adjusting the position of a reflective partition within said vessel. 26. A method of converting solar energy as defined in claim 24 wherein said adjusting step comprises: monitoring the temperature of said fluid; and automatically adjusting said volume in response to said temperature. 27. A method of converting solar energy as defined in claim 24 wherein said adjusting step occurs automatically to maintain a constant temperature within said vessel. 28. Apparatus for converting and storing solar energy, comprising: a black body cavity vessel constructed to withstand high internal pressures; a liquid filling said vessel; means utilizing solar energy for storing substantial energy in said liquid by radiatively heating said liquid, said vessel including means for repeatedly reflecting said radiant energy from the walls of said cavity, to a temperature above the atmospheric pressure boiling point thereof to pressurize said liquid, said vessel confining said liquid during heating to maintain the density thereof substantially equal to that of its liquid state; and means for withdrawing said liquid from said vessel and lowering the pressure thereon to vaporize said liquid and produce physical work in response to the pressurized vapor so produced. 29. Apparatus for converting and storing solar energy as defined in claim 28 wherein said heating means heats said liquid by direct absorption of solar energy by said liquid. 30. Apparatus for converting and storing solar energy as defined in claim 29 wherein said vessel includes an aperture sealed by a transparent cover for admitting solar energy to said vessel. 31. Apparatus for converting and storing solar energy as defined in claim 30 wherein the interior walls of said vessel are highly reflective to facilitate said direct absorption of solar energy. 32. Apparatus for converting and storing solar energy as defined in claim 28 wherein said heating means heats only a portion of the volume of said fluid within said vessel, said apparatus additionally comprising: means for adjusting the volume of said fluid heated by said heating means. 33. Apparatus for converting and storing solar energy as defined in claim 28 wherein said heating means comprises: a cassegrain mirror system for focusing solar energy; and means for rotating said cassegrain mirror system diurnally about its own focus. 34. Apparatus for converting and storing solar energy as defined in claim 33 additionally comprising: means for rotating said cassegrain mirror system about its own focus to adjust for seasonal changes in the relative positions of the sun and earth. 35. A method of converting and storing solar energy, comprising: radiatively heating a liquid with solar energy within a black body cavity which includes means for repeatedly reflecting said energy from the walls of said cavity to a temperature exceeding the atmospheric pressure boiling point thereof; confining said liquid during heating to maintain the density thereof substantially equal to the liquid density thereof to store energy therein; and lowering the pressure on said liquid to vaporize said liquid and thereby produce large quantities of heated vapor. 36. A method of converting and storing solar energy as defined in claim 35 wherein said heating step comprises: directly absorbing said solar energy within said liquid. 37. A method of converting and storing solar energy as defined in claim 35, additionally comprising: adjusting the volume of said confined liquid heated by said solar energy. 38. A method of converting and storing solar energy as defined in claim 37, additionally comprising: reflecting said solar energy repeatedly through said liquid. 39. Apparatus for collecting, concentrating and converting solar energy, comprising: a high pressure, opaque black body cavity mounted in a stationary position, said cavity having an aperture, the wall area of said cavity being reflective and being at least 100 times the area of said aperture, said cavity having an inlet and an outlet and filled during use with a transparent or translucent working fluid; a transparent, pressure resistant window covering said aperture; a high pressure pump for supplying said working fluid at high pressure to said cavity inlet; means for converting said high pressure working fluid when heated, to mechanical energy, said converting means connected to said cavity outlet; means for concentrating solar energy incident on a fixed area and focusing said energy through said aperture and window into said fluid within said opaque cavity for direct absorption by said fluid; and means for adjusting the position of said concentrating means to maintain the focus thereof at a fixed position coincident with said window while tracking the relative motion of the earth and sun. 40. Apparatus for collecting, concentrating and converting solar energy as defined in claim 39 additionally comprising: a mirror mounted within said cavity, said mirror apertured to permit said working fluid to flow therethrough, said mirror mounted between said inlet and outlet and separating said cavity into two subcavities, said mirror limiting said direct absorption of solar energy to the working fluid in only one of said subcavities. 41. Apparatus for collecting, concentrating and converting solar energy as defined in claim 40 additionally comprising: means for adjusting the position of said mirror within said cavity to alter the volume of said one of said subcavities. 42. Apparatus for collecting, concentrating and converting solar energy as defined in claim 41 wherein said mirror position adjustment means comprises: a first magnetic element mounted on said mirror; a second magnetic element, mounted outside said cavity, said second magnetic element attracting said first magnetic element to induce motion therein; and a linear actuator for moving said second magnetic element along the outer surface of said cavity. 43. Apparatus for collecting, concentrating and converting solar energy as defined in claim 42, additionally comprising: a double-walled vessel defining said cavity, the space between the double walls thereof being evacuated to thermally insulate said cavity. 44. Apparatus for collecting, concentrating and converting solar energy as defined in claim 43 wherein said solar energy concentrating means comprises: a cassegrain mirror system having an apertured primary mirror and a secondary mirror separated from the focus of said mirror system by said primary mirror aperture. 45. Apparatus for collecting, concentrating and converting solar energy as defined in claim 44 wherein said apertured primary mirror of said cassegrain mirror system comprises: a reflective concave surface element; and a honeycomb structure bonded to said concave surface element, the axes of said honeycomb structure being substantially perpendicular to said concave surface. 46. Apparatus for collecting, concentrating and converting solar energy as defined in claim 45 wherein said honeycomb structure is formed of cardboard. 47. Apparatus for collecting, concentrating and converting solar energy as defined in claim 46 wherein said transparent, pressure resistant window comprises: a lens for refracting said solar energy focused by said cassegrain mirror system into said cavity. 48. Apparatus for collecting, concentrating and converting solar energy as defined in claim 47 wherein said cavity is cylindrical in shape, said cavity aperture comprises a circumferential slot in said cavity, and said lens comprises: a toroidal quartz element conforming to said circumferential slot, said element bulged beyond the cylindrical outer diameter of said cavity. 49. Apparatus for collecting, concentrating and converting solar energy as defined in claim 48 wherein said toroidal quartz element includes a Fresnel lens on its inner surface. 50. Apparatus for converting radiant solar energy, comprising: closed, opaque, black body cavity means for storing a transparent or translucent medium, said cavity means having an opening, the area of which is less than one percent of the wall area of the cavity means, said cavity means including means for repeatedly reflecting solar energy; and means for focusing solar radiant energy into said cavity means through said opening for direct absorption of substantially all of said energy through repeated re-transmission through said medium in the volume of said medium. 51. A method for converting radiant solar energy, comprising: concentrating radiant solar energy, and focusing said energy into an opaque black body cavity containing a fluid to be heated by said solar energy through a window; and directly absorbing substantial all solar radiation entering said cavity through said window to heat said fluid within said cavity means by repeatedly reflecting solar energy from the walls of said cavity while maintaining the temperature within said fluid uniform, while maintaining the entire mass of said fluid at or above the temperature of the walls of said cavity. 52. Apparatus for converting radiant solar energy, comprising: fixed, tubular opaque black body cavity means mounted on the earth's surface in a position which places the axis of said tubular cavity means parallel to the axis of the earth, said cavity means having a window and reflective walls; a fluid medium to be heated contained in said cavity means; and a solar collector mounted for rotation about the axis of said tubular cavity means to focus solar energy through said window during diurnal relative rotation of the sun and earth, said collector including means for redirecting said solar energy entering said tubular cavity means through said window to the direction of the axis of said tubular cavity means. 53. Apparatus for converting radiant solar energy, comprising: means for focusing said radiant solar energy; optically closed, opaque black body cavity means including means for repeatedly reflecting solar energy from the walls of said cavity; a transparent window positioned adjacent the focal point of said focusing means and sealed to said cavity means for admitting solar energy to said cavity; a transparent or translucent working medium in said cavity means, said medium directly absorbing said solar energy; and a lens located at said window for changing the direction of all radiant energy entering said cavity means. 54. Apparatus for converting solar energy into a heat energy by absorption of radiant energy in a fluid working medium, comprising: a sealed black body cavity container having reflective walls through which light cannot pass; an opening in a wall of said container; means for concentrating and directing solar energy through said opening into said container; said opening having an area which is more than 100 times smaller than the wall area of the container interior so that energy loss out of said opening is insignificant; and means for transporting fluid through said container for absorbing the energy entering said container through said opening. 55. The apparatus of claim 54 including means for varying the volume of said container in which said energy is absorbed by said working medium. 56. A system for converting solar energy into heat energy by absorption of radiant energy into a fluid working medium and recovery of the absorbed radiant energy as a high temperature fluid, comprising: a solar reflector for concentrating the solar energy; an enclosed black body cavity having reflective walls opaque to solar radiation; a window for admitting concentrated solar energy from said reflector into said cavity; a working medium in said cavity for absorbing said concentrated solar energy in said medium by absorption of radiant energy; said cavity having at least one linear dimension at least 100 times the diameter of the window; and means for transferring heat energy out of cavity. 57. A process for collecting solar energy, comprising: focusing energy from the sun into a sealed opaque black body cavity through a window in a wall of said cavity which is smaller in area than the area of said cavity by a factor of seventy and repeatedly reflecting said energy from the walls of said cavity; and conducting a working fluid through said cavity to extract heat therefrom. 58. Apparatus for converting solar radiant energy into high temperature fluid energy by absorption of the radiant energy by liquid density fluid in a black body absorption cavity, comprising: a closed, opaque black body cavity having reflective walls; a window in the cavity for transmitting radiant energy into the cavity, the effective area of the window being no greater than one percent of the area of the opaque walls of the cavity, the cavity and the window structure forming an effective black body absorber; a fluid in the cavity for absorbing radiant solar energy directly by heating of the fluid; means for concentrating and focusing solar radiant energy into the cavity for heating the fluid by absorbtion in the fluid as heat energy; and means for extracting the heat energy from the fluid. 59. The apparatus of claim 58 wherein the area of the opaque walls of the cavity is at least 200 times the effective area of the window. 