A solar heating panel unit is provided in the form of a plastic pouch having an internal chamber provided with a serpentine path. The pouch has two sides, one of which consists of a layer of anti-abrasive matte black plastic and a sealant inner layer of black medium density polyethylene film. The other side incorporates a reflective layer of aluminum foil. The pouch has inlets and outlets, whereat hardware fixtures are employed, consisting of threadably engaged parts having flanges between which is clamped a wall of the pouch. The pouch, or a plurality of such pouches, may be incorporated into systems wherein a cold water source is connected selectively through the pouch to a tank or through a boiler, whereof the boiler or the tank supplies a construction requiring heated water. Alternatively, the system may be such that the tank is excluded.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar heating panel unit comprising first and second sides connected together along an at least substantially endless path to form a pouch having an internal chamber adapted to accommodate a heat transfer fluid, at least one opening being provided through said first and second sides in a position spaced from said chamber to provide for the mounting of said pouch and access means coupled to at least one of said sides for the supply and removal of said fluid to and from said chamber, said first side including a layer of black polyester, said second side including a lamination of reflective foil and plastic, said foil facing said chamber, said access means including inlet and outlet fixtures coupled to said pouch and including engaged members comprising flanges sandwiching one of said sides therebetween, said members defining a bore communicating with said chamber, one of said members extending into said chamber and including therein a cylindrical part spacing said sides apart and provided with radial openings connecting said bore with said chamber, said panel unit further comprising connecting means in said chamber connecting said first and second sides in offset parallel lines to define a serpentine path in the chamber for the flow of said fluid and also connecting said sides in transverse lines proximate said access means to form sub-chambers communicating with said serpentine path to divert the flow of fluid between said access means and said serpentine path. 2. A solar heating panel unit as claimed in claim 1 wherein said first side includes a layer of polyethylene on said layer of polyester and facing said chamber. 3. A solar heating panel unit as claimed in claim 1 wherein said second side includes a layer of polyethylene on said foil and facing said chamber. 4. A solar heating panel unit as claimed in claim 3 wherein said first side includes a layer of polyethylene on said layer of polyester and facing said chamber. 5. A solar heating panel unit as claimed in claim 4 wherein said polyethylene is U. V. treated medium density black polyethylene film. 6. A solar heating panel unit as claimed in claim 4 wherein said foil is aluminum, having a thickness of about 0.0003 inches. 7. A solar heating panel unit as claimed in claim 4, comprising polyurethane adhesive bonding the layers of polyethylene and polyester. 8. A solar heating panel unit as claimed in claim 4, comprising polyurethane adhesive bonding the plastic and the layer of polyethylene to said foil. 9. A solar heating panel unit as claimed in claim 1 wherein the plastic of the second side and the polyester of the first side are of U.V. treated P.E.T. 10. A solar heating panel unit as claimed in claim 1 wherein said foil is aluminum, having a thickness of about 0.0003 inches. 11. A solar heating panel unit as claimed in claim 1, comprising connecting means in said chamber connecting said first and second sides to define a serpentine path in the chamber for the flow of said fluid. 12. A system for supplying heated water to a construction comprising at least one unit as claimed in claim 1, source means for supplying cold water, heating means for heating water with localized heating, coupling means for coupling said unit and heating means to said construction, and thermostatically controlled means for selectively coupled said source means to said heating means or said unit. 13. A system for supplying heated water to a construction comprising at least one unit as claimed in claim 1, source means for supplying cold water, heating means for heating water with localized heating a storage tank coupled to said unit, coupling means for coupling said tank and heating means to said construction, and thermostatically controlled means for selectively coupling said source means to said heating means or said tank. 14. A system as claimed in claim 13, comprising discharge means coupled to said tank and thermostatic means to control coupling of said unit to said tank and said discharge means to replace water in said tank with water from said unit when the water in said unit is warmer then the water in the tank by a predetermined temperature difference. 