A solar panel unit for collecting solar heat and imparting it to circulating air has air flow directing means, desirably in the form of a perforated, corrugated baffle plate, sandwiched between a heat collector plate and a backing plate for passing air from one margin of the unit to an opposite margin thereof, with a peripheral wall enclosing the resulting heat collector chamber. Spaced from the collector plate, with a peripheral wall enclosing the resulting dead air space, is a transparent outer panel of glass or plastic for transmitting rays of the sun to the collector plate; and spaced from the backing plate, with peripheral and partition walls dividing the resulting space into air flow passages, is thermal insulation material. The collector plate is tightly secured against the baffle plate substantially at its midpoint and curves slightly therefrom toward its periphery, where it freely engages sealing pocket members that extend along lateral sides and ends of the unit, respectively, to form expansion slip joints peripherally of the unit and, together with special corner structure, to substantially isolate the insulating, dead air space from air flow. In the system, panel units are connected end-to-end so that the air flow passages thereof intercommunicate to provide ducts, and means are provided for introducing relatively cool air into one of the ducts and for removing heated air from another of the ducts. Each of the panel units has inlet ports along one margin thereof leading from the cool air duct into the heat collector chamber, and has outlet ports along an opposite margin thereof leading from the heat collector chamber into the warm air duct. The warm air is used to heat utility water and/or heat storage media before recycling as cool air.
Claims I claim: 1. A substantially rectangular, solar panel unit for heating circulating air, comprising a heat collector plate freely mounted peripherally for expansion and contraction; a backing plate spaced below the collector plate to provide heat collector space; air-flow directing means sandwiched between the collector plate and the backing plate; a transparent outer panel spaced above the collector plate to provide dead air space for transmitting solar rays to the collector plate while inhibiting heat loss; peripheral walls enclosing the heat collector space and the dead air space to provide corresponding substantially closed chambers; thermal insulation material spaced and secured below the backing plate to provide space for air circulation; walls dividing the air circulation space into mutually parallel cool air and heated air passages, respectively, along mutually opposite sides of the unit; air flow ports leading into the heat collector chamber from the cool air passage along one side of said collector chamber; air flow ports leading from the heat collector chamber into the heated air passage along the other side of said collector chamber, the cool air and the heated air passages being adapted to be open at their ends, respectively, for air flow intercommunication with adjoining units in a solar heating system; and means mounting said heat collector plate for free expansion and contraction while substantially preventing flow of air into the dead air chamber. 2. A solar panel unit according to claim 1, wherein the means mounting the heat collector plate for free expansion and contraction comprises a peripheral shelf extending inwardly from the peripheral walls at approximately the level of the heat collector plate; reverse pocketed, sealing strips respectively engaging, with one pocket thereof, said peripheral shelf and engaging the heat collector plate with the other pocket thereof. 3. A solar panel unit according to claim 2, wherein the reverse pocketed sealing strips extend between, but short of, the corners of the unit; and wherein there are corner-formed insert pieces at the respective corners of the unit underlying the collector plate and overlying the peripheral shelf, and a mastic material sealing said insert pieces to the peripheral shelf. 4. A solar panel unit according to either claim 1 or 2, wherein the air-flow directing means is a corrugated baffle plate having its corrugations extending substantially in parallel with the air flow passages of the air circulation space of the unit. 5. A solar panel unit according to claim 1 or 2, wherein the means mounting the heat collector plate for free expansion and contraction further comprises means anchoring the heat collector plate to a stationary member of the unit substantially at the midpoint of said collector plate. 6. A solar panel unit according to claim 5, wherein the anchoring means is a rivet. 7. A solar panel unit for heating circulating air, comprising means defining a heat collector chamber having a heat collector plate forming the top of said chamber and being mounted for expansion and contraction; means defining a solar-ray-transmitting dead air chamber immediately above the heat collector plate; air-flow directing means within the heat collector chambers; means at and substantially limited to the center of said heat collector plate bowing it and anchoring it to a stationary member of the unit for free expansion and contraction; and means for substantially preventing flow of air peripherally of said heat collector plate into said dead air chamber while permitting free expansion and contraction of the heat collector plate, said panel unit being adapted for connection in an air circulation system. 8. A hot air, solar heating system, comprising a plurality of solar panel units, each unit comprising means defining a heat collector chamber having a heat collector plate forming the top of said chamber and being mounted for expansion and contraction, means defining a solar-ray-transmitting dead air chamber immediately above the heat collector plate, air-flow directing means within the heat collector chamber, means at and substantially limited to the center of said heat collector plate bowing it and anchoring it to a stationary member of the unit for free expansion and contraction, and means substantially preventing flow of air peripherally of said heat collector plate into said dead air chamber while permitting free expansion and contraction of the heat collector plate; means defining cool air flow passages and heated air flow passages immediately below and in communication with the heat collection chamber to provide for air circulation through the unit, said units being interconnected end-to-end in sealed air-flow relationship relative to one another so that the cool air passages of the respective units form an elongate cool air passage and the heated passages thereof form an elongate heated air passage; a hot air duct connecting said heated air passage with heat utilization or storage equipment; a cold air return duct connecting the heat utilization or storage equipment with said cool air passage; and blower means associated with either said hot air passage of said cold air passage for circulating the air through the system. 9. A system according to claim 8, wherein there are side-by-side rows of the plurality of solar panel units; the hot air duct includes branches connected with the respective heated air passage of said rows; and the air return duct includes branches connected with the respective cool air passage of said rows. 10. A system according to claim 8, wherein the hot air and return ducts connect with heat utilization equipment comprising hot water heat exchange means and a hot water storage tank, the latter being elevated in position above the former. 11. A system according to claim 8, wherein the hot air and return ducts connect with heat storage equipment comprising a heat-insulated box structure containing heat-absorptive storage material; and there is a hot air furnace connected to draw heat from said box structure. 12. A solar panel unit adapted for connection in an air circulating system for heating circulating air, comprising means defining a heat collector chamber having a heat collector plate forming the top of said chamber and being mounted for free expansion and contraction; wall means below said heat collector chamber defining respective passages for cool air and for heated air at and along respective opposite sides of said heat collector chamber; means at and substantially limited to the center of the heat collector plate bowing said plate and anchoring it to a stationary member of said unit for said free expansion and contraction; and means substantially preventing flow of air peripherally of the heat collector plate to substantially prevent leakage of air from said heat collector chamber while permitting free expansion and contraction of the heat collector plate. 13. A solar panel unit according to claim 12, wherein the wall passage means located below the heat collector chamber are for circulating air through the heat collector chamber; and wherein the heat collector chamber is in air flow communication with the cool air passage along one side of the unit and is in air flow communication with the warm air passage along an opposite side of the unit so cool air will flow from said cool air passage into the heat collector chamber and heated air will flow from the heat collector chamber into said heated air passage. 