The invention relates to a solar collector assembly comprising a hollow housing body that is at least partially transparent. An absorber means is contained in the housing and a vacuum pump means is connected to the housing. A particular process of operating the solar collector assembly also forms a part of this invention. Solar collector assemblies are used for converting sun energy into other forms of energy such as heat used to prepare hot water or heat for energy production. Many attempts have been made to design solar collectors having a compact structural shape and satisfactory efficiency to render them suitable as an energy source in dwelling houses. However, such a solar collector has not yet been attained.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar collector assembly comprising: (a) a hollow housing at least partially transparent to solar rays, (b) absorber means disposed in the housing to receive said solar rays, (c) vacuum pump means connected to maintain a normally vacuum insulating effect around the absorber means inside of the housing, (d) means for sensing the heat radiation of prevailing ambient atmospheric conditions, and (e) switching means responsive to said sensing means to turn off the vacuum pump means and ventilate to completely neutralize said insulating effect. 2. An assembly as defined in claim 1 wherein said absorber means includes an inlet and an outlet, the hollow housing is a tube having opposed ends closed with end covers in a vacuum-proof manner, the end covers include apertures for inlet and the outlet which are located substantially in the tube center and one of the apertures for connection of the vacuum pump means. 3. An assembly as defined in claim 2 wherein the one end cover includes apertures for the absorber inlet and the connection of the vacuum pump means, and the other end cover has an opening for the absorber outlet. 4. An assembly as defined in claim 2 wherein three openings are formed in one end cover. 5. An assembly as defined in any one of the claims 2 to 4 wherein the openings for the absorber inlet and outlet are located in the center of the end covers. 6. An assembly as defined in any one of the claims 2 to 4 wherein the openings for the absorber inlet and outlet are located at opposite sides at the edge of the end covers. 7. An assembly as defined in any one of the claims 2 to 4 wherein connecting pipes are positioned in a vacuum proof manner and protruding to the outside of said openings. 8. An assembly as defined in claim 7 wherein the connecting pipes are fastened by potting material or the like in the end cover openings in a vacuum-proof manner. 9. An assembly as defined in claim 7 wherein the connecting pipes are secured in the end cover openings in a vacuum-proof manner with a threaded plug and seals made of a high temperature resistant plastic. 10. An assembly as defined in any one of the claims 2 to 4 wherein at least one strip is secured on the outer surface of the two end covers, each said strip includes threaded bores to receive bolts for mounting the assembly. 11. An assembly as defined in any one of the claims 2 to 4 wherein the end covers of the two tube ends comprise front plates mounted in a vacuum-proof manner. 12. An assembly as defined in any one of the claims 2 to 4 wherein the one end cover comprises a formed wall portion of the tube, and the other end cover comprises a front plate inserted in a vacuum-proof manner into the opposed end of the tube. 13. An assembly as defined in claim 11 wherein each front plate is a disk fitted to project into the tube and having one flange ring resting against the outer edge of the tube. 14. An assembly as defined in claim 11 wherein the front plates are made of a transparent material and are bonded to the tube ends in a vacuum-proof manner. 15. An assembly as defined in claim 12 wherein at least one of the two end covers is transparent at least in a partial zone. 16. An assembly as defined in claim 12 wherein at least one of the two end covers includes at least one partial zone having a reflective coating with a protective varnish layer. 17. An assembly as defined in claim 12 wherein the tube is axially symmetrical, preferably cylindrical and made of glass, acrylic glass or another transparent material. 18. An assembly as defined in claim 12 wherein the tube has an internal or outer reflective coating with protective varnish layer on one longitudinal half. 19. An assembly as defined in claim 18 wherein the protective varnish layer of the internal reflective coating is transparent. 20. An assembly as defined in claim 18 wherein the protective varnish layer of the outer reflective coating is of a dark color. 21. A solar collector assembly comprising: (a) a hollow housing at least partially transparent to solar rays, (b) absorber means disposed in the housing to receive said solar rays, (c) vacuum pump means connected to the housing to evacuate the inside of the housing, (d) means for sensing the heat radiation of prevailing ambient atmospheric conditions, and (e) means responsive to said sensing means to automatically control the vacuum pump means and thereby adjust vacuum within the housing in response to changes in prevailing atmospheric conditions, (f) said hollow housing comprises a shell-shaped curved bottom portion connected in a vacuum-proof manner with a shell-shaped curved cover portion. 22. An assembly as defined in claim 21 wherein a cavity including fluid channels formed between a cover plate and a bottom plate and extending from an end-side input to an end-side output, said cavity including a plurality of local interference points in a fixed relationship to rectangular fluid channels, said interference points being transversely offset with respect to each other in the fluid direction and being effective to positively whirl up the fluid flow. 23. An assembly as defined in claim 21 wherein the cup curvatures of the bottom portion and of the cover portion are shallow. 24. An assembly as defined in claim 21 wherein the double shell-body has a substantially symmetrical lancet cross-sectional shape. 25. An assembly as defined in any one of the claims 21 to 24 wherein the bottom portion and the cover portion are made of glass, acrylic glass, or another transparent material. 26. An assembly as defined in any one of the claims 21 to 24 wherein the bottom portion is made of metal and the cover portion is made of glass, acrylic glass or another transparent material. 27. An assembly as defined in any one of the claims 21 to 24 wherein a reflective coating is disposed on the inner face of the bottom portion. 28. An assembly as defined in any one of the claims 21 to 24 wherein the bottom portion and the cover portion include reinforcing ribs at their inner surface, and a groove pointing to the top is located along the edge of the bottom portion. 29. An assembly as defined in any one of the claims 21 to 24 wherein the bottom portion includes an edge having an under side with a straight design without a curvature to form a supporting edge. 30. An assembly as defined in any one of the claims 21 to 24 wherein the absorber means includes an inlet and an outlet, and the bottom portion has at both ends one opening each for said inlet and outlet and another opening for connection of the vacuum pump means. 31. A process for operating a solar collector including a hollow housing containing an absorber, and said housing being connectd to a vacuum pump, said process comprising: (a) maintaining a normally vacuum insulating effect around the absorber disposed inside of the housing, (b) sensing heat radiation existing in prevailing ambient atmospheric conditions, (c) switching off the vacuum pump for ventilating the inside of the housing to completely neutralize said insulating effect in the housing in response to the amount of heat radiation determined in the sensing step, and (d) said switching off step of the vacuum being effective to control the efficiency of the function of the absorber. 