This invention provides an improved solar collector of the type employing two concentrically disposed glass tubes having their axial end portions sealingly united to form a double-walled structure, with the annular space between the inner and outer glass tubes being highly evacuated. A heat transfer fluid flows thru the inner tube. The outer surface of the innermost tube is provided with a coating of a solar energy absorbent material to trap energy incident upon the outer tube within the inner tube and the heat transfer fluid. At least one axial section of the inner glass tube is radially inwardly deformed to define a unique bellows configuration to permit absorption of differential thermal expansion of the inner and outer tubes. Improved means for connecting such double-walled tubes in end to end relationship to define a conduit for the heat transfer fluid are also disclosed.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy collector comprising, in combination, a transparent outer glass tube, an inner glass tube concentrically inserted in said outer tube with an annular space defined between the outer wall of the inner tube and the inner wall of the outer tube, means for sealing the axial ends of said tubes together to permit evacuating the said annular space, means for flowing a heat transfer fluid thru the inner glass tube, a solar energy absorbent coating on the outer wall of said inner glass tube, thereby trapping solar energy incident on said outer tube within said heat transfer fluid and said inner glass tube, said inner glass tube having at least one axial portion of its length deformed inwardly to form a bellows-shaped expansion section to absorb differences in expansion of said inner and outer tubes, said bellows-shaped section having the same outer diameter as said inner tube and the outer diameter of the inner tube being at least 85% of the inner diameter of the outer tube. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said inwardly deformed portion is of re-entrant arcuate configuration and has a wall thickness at least equal to the non-deformed portions of said inner glass tube. 3. In a solar energy collector of the type having a pair of concentrically disposed glass tubes sealed together at their opposed axial ends to define an enclosed annular space therebetween, said annular space being highly evacuated and the outer surface of the inner tube being covered with a solar energy absorbent coating to trap solar energy incident on the outer tube within said inner tube, the improvement comprising at least one axial portion of said inner tube being deformed inwardly to form a bellows-shaped expansion section, each said bellows-shaped section being essentially torodial and having the same outer diameter as the inner tube and being effective to absorb differences in thermal expansion of said integrally united inner and outer glass tubes. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein said inwardly deformed portion has a wall thickness at least equal to the non-deformed portions of said inner glass tube. 5. The combination defined in claim 1 wherein said means for flowing a heat transfer fluid through the inner glass tube comprises an outwardly flared end portion on said outer glass tube, a fluid conduit having a similarly outwardly flared end portion disposed adjacent the said outwardly flared end portion of said outer glass tube, a sleeve of elastomeric material snugly surrounding both said outwardly flared portions, and an adjustable clamp surrounding said sleeve and compressing same into fluid-sealing and mechanically-connecting engagement with said outer glass tube and said adjacent fluid conduit. 6. The apparatus defined in claim 5 wherein said adjustable clamping element is provided with a mounting flange adapted for detachable securement to a support rail. 7. The apparatus defined in claim 5 wherein said fluid conduit comprises another solar energy collector. 8. A tubular solar collector comprising a first glass tube open at its opposite axial ends, and a second glass tube whose I.D. is slightly greater than the O.D. of said first tube, said first tube having integral, inwardly directed, annular, axially extending bellows segments formed in the tube wall near one of its open ends, an opaque solar energy absorbing annular coating layer extending over a substantial axial portion of the outermost surface areas of said first tube, said second tube being transparent and having its opposite open ends fusion sealed with glass of said first tube at axially spaced points therealong, said opposite end seals providing an evacuated chamber between the first and second glass tubes. 9. The solar collector of claim 8 wherein each bellows segment is of a substantially toroidal configuration. 10. The collector of claim 8 or 9 which includes a plurality of tubular collectors and means including an elastomeric sleeve connecting one open end of the first glass tube of one of the collectors to an open end of the first glass tube of another of the tubular collectors, said means providing for flow of a heat exchange medium successively through each first glass tube of the plural collectors and preventing substantial heat loss from heated medium therein. 