An integrated solar roof system, consisting of insulated roofing panels and collector panels, and method of producing same wherein the base assembly of the collector panel may be used with either an air or liquid absorber and is both an insulator and radiation shield as well as an integral structural part of the roof of the building on which it is mounted. The construction of the panels lends itself to mass production techniques and the efficient use of materials making the panels cost effective. The collector panels are also suitable for use as independently mounted units, functioning only as collectors and not as roofing members. Collector panels and insulated roofing panels, being identical in size and installation method, and said installation method being simple and quick, a suitable combination of panels may become a complete roof with minimal installation labor.
Claims We claim: 1. A solar collector panel including a base assembly, an absorber assembly mounted within the base assembly, and a light transmitting cover above the absorber assembly, the base assembly further comprising inner and outer reflective surfaces, an insulating layer between said surfaces, a peripheral frame structure having portions embedded in the insulating layer, and supports having portions also embedded in the insulating layer and cooperating with the frame to provide mounting supports for mounting the panel on the structure with which it is to be used. 2. The panel of claim 1 wherein the base assembly further comprises roving interconnecting at least some of the supports within the base and embedded in the insulating layer to reinforce the insulating layer. 3. The panel of claim 2 wherein the insulating layer is foam and the inner and outer reflective layers of the base assembly define inner and outer pans and are bonded to the foam layer over substantially the entire surfaces of the pans to become an integral part thereof, the pans having side walls that terminate in an upper peripheral portion, the frame being located at the upper peripheral portion of the base with lower parts of the frame embedded in the foam to become integral therewith, and said roving extending around the perimeter of said base and embedded in the foam near the bottom thereof to become integral therewith. 4. The panel of claim 3 wherein the frame has a first web cooperating with the upper edges of the inner and outer reflective pans to completely enclose the foam layer. 5. The panel of claim 4 wherein said frame has a second web for mounting the cover in sealing engagement with the frame and for sealing adjacent panels. 6. The panel of claim 1 wherein the frame further comprises means for mounting the cover to the base assembly. 7. The panel of claim 6 further comprising a convection barrier between the absorber assembly and the cover, the frame further having means for mounting the convection barrier to the base assembly. 8. The panel of claim 6 wherein said frame further comprises means for connecting adjacent panels together in sealing relation. 9. The panel of claim 1 wherein the absorber assembly has a lower reflective surface facing, and spaced from, the inner reflective surface of the base assembly, and has an upper light-absorptive surface facing the cover. 10. The panel of claim 1 wherein the absorber assembly comprises an air absorber having passages therein for the flow of air therethrough, and wherein said base assembly further comprises means cooperating with the air absorber defining inlet and outlet plenum chambers between the base assembly and the absorber assembly. 11. The panel of claim 10 wherein the air absorber further comprises a generally flat top sheet with a light-absorptive top surface, a corrugated bottom sheet joined to the top sheet with the corrugations defining air passages between the top and bottom sheets, the ends of the passages having openings to allow the flow of air to and from the plenum chambers, and wherein said base assembly further includes a divider extending transversely to the air passages and cooperating with the absorber assembly to define inlet and outlet plenum chambers on either sides of the divider and between the base and absorber assemblies. 12. The panel of claim 1 wherein said absorber assembly comprises a liquid absorber having means defining channels for the flow of liquid therethrough. 13. The panel of claim 12 wherein the base assembly has a ledge formed on the inner wall thereof to which peripheral edges of the absorber assembly are secured. 14. The panel of claim 12 wherein the passages of the liquid absorber are defined between staggered buttons defining circuitous paths through which the liquid flows from one side of the absorber to the other, the bottoms of said channels having flexible convoluted portions. 15. The panel of claim 14 wherein the buttons are in a pattern of alternately staggered rows and extend substantially over the entire liquid absorber. 16. The panel of claim 14 wherein said liquid absorber further comprises a generally flat top sheet having an upper light-absorptive surface, a bottom sheet with the buttons on the upper surface thereof, the top and bottom sheets being joined at the tops of the buttons to define the channels therebetween, and inlet and outlet manifolds at opposite sides of the absorber assembly each having openings to distribute liquid to and receive liquid from the channels. 17. The panel of claim 14 wherein the lower surface of the liquid absorber is a reflective surface facing, and spaced from, the inner reflective surface of the base assembly. 18. The panel of claim 1 further comprising a desiccant assembly mounted within the panel to absorb moisture. 19. A solar collector panel having a base assembly, an absorber assembly mounted within the base assembly and having an upper light-absorptive surface, and a light transmitting cover secured in sealing engagement with the base assembly to define an enclosure, the base assembly further comprising an inner pan of reflective material having bottom and side walls, an outer pan of reflective material having a bottom and side walls, the inner and outer pans being in spaced apart relation, a peripheral frame having a web cooperating with the upper edges of the inner and outer reflective pans to completely enclose the space between the pans, a foam layer completely filling the space defined between the pans and by the first web of the frame, the foam being bonded to substantially the entire inner surfaces of the inner and outer pans and the web of the frame and the frame having portions extending into the foam and embedded therein to become integral therewith, mounting sleeves spaced about the periphery of the base assembly, the upper ends of the sleeves being attached to the frame with the sleeves extending downwardly therefrom within the side walls of the foam layer, the lower portions of the sleeves extending through the foam being embedded therein to become integral therewith, and roving extending around the sleeves and peripherally within the base assembly, the roving being embedded in the foam to become integral therewith. 20. The panel of claim 19 wherein the inner and outer reflective pans are metallic foils. 21. The panel of claim 20 wherein the inner and outer reflective foil pans are treated with a surfactant on the inner surfaces thereof for bonding the foam to the foil. 22. The panel of claim 21 wherein the surfactants are coatings of fiber and plastic. 23. The panel of claim 19 wherein the roving is a glass and polyester. 24. The panel of claim 19 wherein the frame is of extruded aluminum and has holes to receive the upper ends of the sleeves. 25. The panel of claim 19 wherein additional roving extends between sleeves and across the base assembly at an intermediate location of the base which roving is also embedded in the foam and integral therewith, and additional roving surrounds the frame. 26. The panel of claim 19 wherein said frame further comprises a second web having an inner peripheral edge and an outer peripheral edge, and wherein said panel further comprises sealing means for mounting the cover to the inner peripheral edge of the second web in sealing engagement therewith, said outer peripheral edge of the second web defining means for sealingly joining adjacent panels. 27. The panel of claim 19 wherein the base assembly further comprises a peripheral ledge on the inner wall thereof for supporting the absorber assembly thereon. 28. The panel of claim 19 further comprising a convection barrier between the absorber assembly and the cover, the convection barrier secured at its peripheral edge to the frame. 29. A solar liquid collector panel comprising a base assembly having a bottom and side walls, a light transmitting cover attached at its periphery near the top of the side walls of the base assembly in spaced relation to the bottom of the base, the cover and base assembly defining the outer enclosure of the panel, an absorber assembly mounted within the enclosure and located between the bottom of the base and the cover, the absorber assembly having top and bottom sheets, at least one of said sheets having alternately staggered buttons on a surface thereof and the other of said sheets being joined to said buttons to define circuitous channels therebetween through which the liquid flows from one side of the absorber to the other, the top sheet defining the upper boundary of said channels and having an upper light-adsorptive surface facing the light transmitting cover. 30. The panel of claim 29 wherein the buttons are in a pattern of alternately staggered rows and extend substantially over the entire liquid absorber. 31. The panel of claim 29 wherein the patterns, sizing, spacings and configurations of the buttons and channels produce less pressure drop of the liquid flowing in a first direction than in a second direction 90.degree. to the first, per unit length of panel. 32. The panel of claim 29 wherein the channels are less circuitous resulting in less pressure drop in the flow of liquid in a first direction than in a second direction 90.degree. to the first. 33. The panel of claim 29 wherein the bottoms of the channels of the absorber assembly are shaped and flexible to minimize damage from freezing of the liquid. 34. The panel of claim 29 wherein the lower surface of the absorber assembly is a reflective surface facing, and spaced from, the bottom wall of the base assembly. 35. The panel of claim 29 wherein the top sheet of the absorber assembly is generally flat, the bottom sheet having the buttons on the upper surface thereof, the top and bottom sheets being joined at the tops of the buttons, to define the channels therebetween, and inlet and outlet manifolds at opposite sides of the absorber assembly each having openings to distribute liquid to and receive liquid from the channels. 36. The panel of claim 35 wherein the manifolds are of elliptical cross section to minimize damage in the event of freezing of the liquid. 37. The panel of claim 35 further comprising connectors attached to the manifolds and extending through the base assembly for supplying liquid to and from the panels. 38. The panel of claim 29 further comprising a convection barrier secured at its periphery to the walls of the base assembly and located between and in spaced relation from the cover and the absorber assembly. 39. The panel of claim 29 wherein the light-absorptive surface is of the selective type. 40. A liquid absorber assembly for use in a solar liquid collector panel, said absorber assembly comprising: a generally rectangular, relatively thin structure having top and bottom sheets, at least one of said sheets having alternately staggered buttons on a surface thereof and the other of said sheets being joined to said buttons to define circuitous channels therebetween through which the liquid flows from one edge of the absorber to the opposite edge, the top sheet defining the upper boundary of said channels and having an upper light-absorptive surface. 41. The absorber of claim 40 wherein the buttons are in a pattern of alternately staggered rows and extend substantially over the entire absorber. 42. The absorber assembly of claim 40 wherein the bottoms of the channels are convoluted and flexible. 43. The absorber assembly of claim 40 wherein the lower outer surface of the absorber assembly is reflective. 44. The absorber assembly of claim 40, wherein the top sheet is generally flat, the bottom sheet having the buttons on the upper surface thereof, the top and bottom sheets being joined at the tops of the buttons, to define the channels therebetween, and inlet and outlet manifolds at opposite edges of the absorber assembly, each having openings to distribute liquid to and receive liquid from the channels. 45. The absorber assembly of claim 44 wherein the manifolds are of elliptical cross section to minimize damage in the event of freezing of the liquid. 46. The absorber assembly of claim 44 further comprising connectors attached to the manifolds for supplying liquid to and from the assembly. 47. The absorber assembly of claim 40 wherein the light-absorptive surface is of the selective type. 48. The absorber assembly of claim 40 wherein there are approximately 1000 buttons per square foot (1.07 per square centimeter) and the channels defined therebetween are approximately twice as wide as they are deep. 49. The absorber assembly of claim 48 wherein the buttons are of a generally rounded shape when viewed from the top and are approximately 0.285 inches (7.24 millimeters) in diameter. 50. The absorber assembly of claim 49 wherein the channels between the buttons are approximately 0.090 inches (2.29 millimeters) wide and 0.045 inches (1.14 millimeters) deep at the center. 51. A solar liquid collector panel comprising a base assembly having a bottom and side walls, a light transmitting cover attached at its periphery near the top of the side walls of the base assembly in spaced relation to the bottom of the base, the cover and base assembly defining the outer enclosure of the panel, an absorber assembly mounted within the enclosure and located between the bottom of the base and the cover, the absorber assembly further comprising a top sheet, and a bottom sheet with staggered buttons on the upper surface thereof, the top and bottom sheet being joined at the tops of the buttons to define circuitous channels through which liquid flows from one side of the absorber to the other, the top sheet of the absorber assembly being metallic and having a coating on the lower surface to prevent contact of the metal by the liquid flowing through the absorber assembly, the main portion of the bottom sheet including the buttons being nonmetallic, and inlet and outlet manifolds at opposite sides of the absorber assembly each having openings to distribute liquid to and receive liquid from the channels. 52. The panel of claim 51 wherein the top sheet is generally flat and has an upper absorptive surface. 53. The panel of claim 51 wherein the bottom sheet of the absorber assembly is of a chopped fiber and resin composition and the upper surface of which is of a composition impervious to the liquid in contact therewith as the liquid flows through the absorber assembly. 54. The panel of claim 51 further comprising a reflective metallic foil bonded to the lower surface of the lower absorber sheet with the reflective surface of the absorber assembly facing the bottom wall of the base assembly. 55. The panel of claim 51 wherein the manifolds are embedded in the composition of the lower absorber assembly sheet to become integral therewith. 56. A solar liquid collector panel comprising a base assembly with bottom and side walls, the base assembly having inner and outer reflective surfaces extending over substantially the entire base assembly with an insulating layer therebetween, a peripheral frame structure extending around the top of the walls of the base assembly and having portions embedded in the insulating layer of the base assembly to become integral therewith, and supports having portions embedded in the insulating layer and cooperating with the frame to provide mounting supports for mounting the panel to the structure with which it is to be used, a light transmitting cover attached at its periphery in sealing engagement with the frame structure in spaced relation to the bottom of the base, the cover and base assembly defining the outer enclosure of the panel, an absorber assembly mounted within the enclosure and located between the bottom of the base and the cover, the absorber assembly having channels for the flow of liquid therethrough, the channels being defined between staggered buttons defining circuitous channels through which the liquid flows from one side of the absorber to the other, the absorber assembly further having an upper light absorptive surface facing the light transmitting cover. 57. The panel of claim 56 wherein the base further comprises roving interconnecting at least some of the supports within the base and embedded in the insulating layer to reinforce the insulating layer. 58. The panel of claim 56 wherein the inner and outer reflective surfaces of the base assembly are foils and the insulating layer is a foam insulation, the inner and outer foils of the base assembly being bonded to the foam layer over substantially the entire inside surfaces of the inner and outer foils. 59. A liquid absorber assembly for use in a solar liquid collector panel, said absorber assembly comprising: a generally rectangular, relatively thin structure having a top sheet, and a bottom sheet with alternately staggered buttons on the upper surface thereof, the top and bottom sheet being joined at the tops of the buttons to define circuitous channels through which the liquid flows from one edge of the absorber to the opposite edge, the upper sheet being metalic and having a coating on its lower surface to prevent contact of the metal by the liquid flowing through the absorber assembly, the main portion of the bottom sheet including the buttons being nonmetalic, and inlet and outlet manifolds at opposite edges of the absorber assembly, each having openings to distribute liquid to and receive liquid from the channels. 60. The absorber of claim 59 wherein the top sheet is generally flat and has an upper light-absorptive surface. 61. The absorber assembly of claim 59 wherein the bottom sheet of the absorber assembly is of a chopped fiber and resin composition and the upper surface of which is of a composition impervious to the liquid in contact therewith as the liquid flows through the absorber assembly. 62. The absorber assembly of claim 61 further comprising a reflective foil bonded to the lower outside surface of the lower absorber sheet. 63. A liquid absorber assembly for use in a solar liquid collector panel, said absorber assembly comprising: a generally rectangular, relatively thin structure having a generally flat top sheet having an upper light-absorptive surface, a bottom sheet with alternately staggered buttons on the upper surface thereof, the top and bottom sheets being joined at the tops of the buttons to define circuitous channels through which the liquid flows from one edge of the absorber to the opposite edge, and inlet and outlet manifolds at opposite edges of the absorber assembly, said manifolds having openings to distribute liquid to and receive liquid from the channels, and at least a portion of said manifolds being embedded in the composition of the lower absorber assembly sheet to become integral therewith. 