A hot water collector to be erected on the sloped roof of an enclosure so that solar energy, i.e. the rays of the sun, will shine on the collector and heat water flowing therein. The collector features a plurality of parallel generally rectilinear channels arranged on the roof, extending transversely to the pitch of the roof and extending horizontally and transversely across the sloped roof. Water flows from one end of a channel to the other and then down to the next lower channel. The water is heated by the sun as it flows along successive channels, and heated water is removed from the lowest channel for space heating or other uses. A specific configuration of solar hot water collector consisting of an elongated metal strip and a plurality of metal mounting brackets is also disclosed, as well as a method of installing a solar hot water collector on the sloped roof of an enclosure using a plurality of elongated metal strips.
Claims Having thus described the invention, there is claimed as new and desired to be secured by Letters Patent: 1. A solar hot water collector comprising: (A) a plurality of substantially rectilinear channels, each channel (i) being formed by an elongated strip, said strip being folded longitudinally to form the channel, (ii) being composed of a metal having high heat conductivity and selected from the group consisting of aluminum, magnesium, an aluminum-magnesium alloy, steel, copper, brass, and bronze, (iii) having a one end and another end, (iv) being arranged in approximately parallel relationship on a sloped roof of an enclosure and individually extending transversely to the pitch of the roof and transversely across the roof in a substantially horizontal direction, and (v) the ends of the channels being approximately in mutual registration; (B) liquid flowable through the channels from said one end of each channel to said other end of each channel under the influence of gravity; (C) liquid transfer means at said other end of each channel except the lowermost for transferring the liquid from such channel to the next lower channel solely by gravity; (D) means for introducing the liquid into the highest channel; (E) the liquid being heated by the sun as it flows along successive channels; (F) the channels being both solar heat absorbers and solar heat transmitters, transmitting said heat to the liquid flowing therethrough; and (G) means for removing heated liquid from the lowest channel. 2. The solar hot water collector of claim 1 in which the liquid is water. 3. The solar hot water collector of claim 1 in which the channels are sealed against the outside atmosphere so that they are fluid-impervious. 4. The solar hot water collector of claim 3 in which means is provided to introduce an air stream into the uppermost channel above the liquid, said air stream flowing above the liquid in said channels, together with means to remove a heated air stream from the lowermost channel, all of the channels being connected by lateral gas transfer means, so that the air stream flows successively through all of the channels from the highest channel to the lowest channel. 5. The solar hot water collector of claim 1 in which the channels are composed of anodized aluminum. 6. The solar hot water collector of claim 5 in which the anodized aluminum is provided with a black coating. 7. The solar hot water collector of claim 1 in which the channels are composed of aluminum provided with an external coating of paint. 8. The solar hot water collector of claim 7 in which only one side of each channel is coated with paint, said one side being an external side exposed to the rays of the sun. 9. The solar hot water collector of claim 7 in which the external paint coating is black. 10. A solar hot water collector which comprises an elongated metal strip, said metal strip being composed of a metal having high heat conductivity selected from the group consisting of aluminum, magnesium, an aluminum-magnesium alloy, steel, copper, brass and bronze, said metal strip having a plurality of spaced apart rectilinear slits or slots therein, said slits or slots being longitudinally aligned in tandem along a straight line, a plurality of metal mounting brackets, means mounting said brackets in juxtaposed registration transverse to the longitudinal axis of said metal strip, one end of each mounting bracket extending through one of said slits or slots, means for attaching the other end of each of said brackets to the roof of an enclosure, so that said metal strip extends substantially horizontally across said roof, means for bending each of said brackets into a substantially U-shape, so that said metal strip becomes a U-shaped trough capable of holding a liquid, and means adjacent said one end of each of said brackets for securing said one end of each of said brackets in spaced relation to the other end of the bracket. 11. The solar hot water collector of claim 10 in which the elongated metal strip is in the form of a U-shaped trough having a one end and an other end, said U-shaped trough being one of a plurality of substantially identical and rectilinear U-shaped troughs, said troughs being arranged in approximately parallel relationship on a sloped roof of an enclosure and individually extending transversely to the pitch of said roof and transversely across the roof in a substantially horizontal direction, whereby liquid will flow from the one end of a trough to the other end under the influence of gravity, the ends of said troughs being approximately in mutual registration, liquid transfer means at the other end of each trough except the lowermost for transferring liquid from such trough to the next lower trough solely by gravity, so that liquid will flow from one trough to the next lower adjacent trough under the influence of gravity, means to introduce liquid into the highest trough, said liquid being heated by the sun as it flows along successive troughs, and means to remove heated liquid from the lowest trough. 12. The solar hot water collector of claim 11 in which the liquid is water. 13. The solar hot water collector of claim 10 in which the troughs are sealed against the outside atmosphere so that they are fluid-impervious. 14. The solar hot water collector of claim 13 in which means is provided to introduce an air stream into the uppermost trough above the liquid, said air stream flowing above the liquid in said troughs, together with means to remove a heated air stream from the lowermost trough, all of the troughs being connected by lateral gas transfer means, so that the air stream flows successively through all of the troughs from the highest trough to the lowest trough. 15. The solar hot water collector of claim 10 in which the troughs are composed of anodized aluminum. 16. The solar hot water collector of claim 15 in which the anodized aluminum is provided with a black coating. 17. The solar hot water collector of claim 10 in which the troughs are composed of aluminum provided with an external coating of paint. 18. The solar hot water collector of claim 17 in which the external paint coating is black. 19. The solar hot water collector of claim 17 in which only one side of each trough is coated with paint, said one side being an external side exposed to the rays of the sun. 