A camera is disclosed as being of the pin hole type having a transparent member therewithin on which is printed sun paths for certain days of the year and local time sun positions for the purpose of superimposing same on the photograph taken. Obstructions to direct solar radiation may then be calculated from an examination of the resulting photograph to determine the suitability of a site for future use of solar energy. A compass and level on the camera body facilitate southerly orientation of the camera in a level position. Film rollers guide the film over the curved indicia bearing member. Film transfer means retains a film supply roll with a take-up spindle for exposed film. A shutter assembly permits light entry through a pin hole aperture with the camera having a short focal length for a wide angle field. The indicia bearing member is detachably mounted to enable substitution of appropriate like members for use at different latitudes.
Claims Having thus described the invention, what is desired to be secured under a Letters Patent is: 1. A camera for photographing a geographical site and superimposing indicia on the film exposure to evaluate solar access to the site, said camera comprising, a body defining an internal area, a shutter assembly thereon including light admitting means for film exposure, an indicia bearing member within the internal area and having both light translucent and opaque areas, said indicia bearing member in the path of shutter admitted light, said opaque areas constituting indica representing an apparent path of the sun above a horizon viewed through the camera, and film guide means within said body adapted to guide the film past said indicia bearing member whereby shutter assembly actuation results in an image of the photographed object being imparted to the so positioned film when exposed along with the imparting of an image of the indicia to the film. 2. The camera claimed in claim 1 wherein said film is at least in partial supported surfacial contact with said indicia bearing member. 3. The camera claimed in claim 1 wherein said light admitting means includes a pinhole aperture. 4. The camera claimed in claim 1 wherein said indicia bearing member is of substantially semicircular configuration in transverse section to inhibit image distortion. 5. The camera claimed in claim 1 wherein said film retention means includes film guides located adjacent the extremeties of said indicia bearing member, said indicia bearing member having a major portion thereof offset rearwardly within the camera body relative said film guides. 6. The camera claimed in claim 5 wherein said guide means is embodied in a pair of rollers, means removably mounting said rollers in biasing contact with the film to urge the film into engagement with said indicia bearing member. 7. The camera claimed in claim 1 wherein said opaque areas of said indicia bearing member are embodied in curved lines representing the sun's apparent path above the horizon at different days of the year and additional lines intersecting the first mentioned lines and representing local time lines. 8. The camera claimed in claim 1 including a magnetic compass, a level, a socket for tripod attachment all on said camera body. 9. The camera claimed in claim 1 wherein said indicia bearing member is of a flexible nature adapted for detachable mounting within the camera, semicircular plates in said camera body imparting shape to said indicia bearing member. 10. The camera claimed in claim 9 wherein said indicia bearing member includes laterally directed flanges for retentive engagement with adjacent camera body structure. 11. The camera claimed in claim 1 wherein said opaque areas additionally include indicia representing a horizon. 12. The camera claimed in claim 11 wherein said opaque areas additionally include indicia representing local time sun positions at different times of the day. 