A solar energy collector is disclosed. The collector includes a photo-voltaic cell, a reflector for directing solar energy from the sun to the photo-voltaic cell, a mount for the reflector, vacuum means and positioning means for the reflector. The vacuum means separates the photo-voltaic cell and the reflector from the atmosphere to prevent conduction and convection heat losses therefrom and corrosion of the reflector. The mounting means supports the reflector within the vacuum means for rotation about an axis along which the photo-voltaic cell extends. The positioning means is operable to produce a magnetic field which attracts a ferromagnetic portion of the reflector and to rotate the magnetic field about the axis to cause rotation of the reflector and maximizing the amount of solar energy directed to the photo-voltaic cell.
Claims What I claim is: 1. An improved solar energy collector comprising, in combination, a photovoltaic cell, reflector means for directing solar energy from the sun to said photo-voltaic cell, said reflector means having a ferromagnetic portion, vacuum insulating means effective to prevent heat losses from said cell and corrosion of said reflector, means mounting said reflector means within said vacuum insulating means for rotation about an axis along which said photo-voltaic cell generally extends, and means for automatically positioning said reflector means for directing a maximum amount of solar energy to said photo-voltaic cell as the sun advances across the sky each day, said last-named means including means for producing a magnetic field which attracts the ferromagnetic portion of said reflector and means for rotating said magnetic field about the axis for in turn rotating said reflector about the axis for reflecting a maximum amount of solar energy from the sun to said photo-voltaic cell. 2. A solar energy collector as claimed in claim 1 which additionally includes an electrical circuit exterior of said vacuum insulating means operably connected so that an EMF generated by said photo-voltaic cell causes an EMF across said circuit. 3. A solar energy collector as claimed in claim 1 which additionally includes means for transferring heat from said photo-voltaic cell. 4. A solar energy collector as claimed in claim 3 wherein said heat transfer means includes a fluid conduit and a solar energy collector including means for circulating a heat transfer fluid from the exterior of the collector through said conduit and back to the exterior of the collector. 