Disclosed herein is a tube type solar heating device in which room air is circulated through tubes located exteriorly of the building and confined in an enclosure having a reflector. The temperature of the air discharged from the outlet of the tubes is controlled by an adjustable bimetal coil which is supported on the upper door in the outlet and connected to the lower door in the inlet by a cable. The control of air flow through the tubes provides uniform temperature of the air discharged. Fans located in the tubes and connected to a separate thermostatic control are energized when the air in the solar collector reaches a preselected temperature. The fans are provided with quick change mounts which facilitate installation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a solar heating device having at least one absorber tube located in an enclosure, said enclosure having a transparent window forming one wall and a reflector within the enclosure to reflect sunlight against the tube and said enclosure having an inlet and outlet communicating with said tube and adapted to communicate through a building wall with the interior of the building, with the inlet adapted to withdraw cool air from adjacent a floor of the building and the outlet adapted to discharge heated air into the room above the floor, the improvement comprising first and second doors associated with said inlet and outlet for controlling flow into and from said inlet and outlet, mechanical means responsive to temperature connected to both of said doors and simultaneously controlling the position of said doors to regulate air flow therethrough to maintain a generally uniform temperature of air exiting the outlet, notwithstanding irregularities in solar radiation received and variations in temperature of air entering said inlet, said mechanical means including a bimetallic coil, said coil being supported on a manually movable control shaft mounted on said first door, means on said shaft frictionally engaging said door to afford positive positioning of said shaft at selected positions, and means on said engageable with said coil to change the angular position of portions of said coil relative to a reference point to change the temperature at which the coil is operative to open said doors to change the temperature or air leaving said outlet to a selected temperature. 2. The improvement of claim 1 wherein said means engageable with said shaft includes a projection on said shaft and said bimetallic coil has a flat engageable with said projection to enable twisting of said bimetal upon movement of said projection and shaft in one direction and release of said engagement upon rotation in the opposite direction to maintain said doors in a closed condition notwithstanding movement of said bimetallic coil in response to temperature changes. 3. In a solar heating device having cylindrical absorber tubes extending through a collector housing and having an inlet and outlet adapted to communicate through a building wall with interior of a room, the improvement comprising a fan mounting clip having a bight portion and two spring legs extending from the bight portion and having recesses intermediate the ends of the bight portions, said clip being sized to interfit into said absorber tube, and a fan having a housing with fastening elements and a periphery complementary in shape to the clip, and wherein said clip will receive said fan in one position and rotation of the fan housing 90.degree. will cause said elements on said fan to snap into the recesses in said legs to secure the fan in the absorber tube. 