Solar tracking apparatus for a solar energy system comprises at least one chamber containing a volatile fluid, a shading arrangement for controlling the degree to which the at least one chamber is exposed to the sun in dependence on the position of the sun so as to control the extent to which the fluid is vaporized due to solar heating of the at least one chamber, and apparatus for coupling the expansive force generated by vaporization of the fluid to a work piece to control the position, orientation, and/or operation thereof. Preferably, the solar tracking apparatus comprises a base pivotably mounted with respect to a pivot axis, first and second chambers mounted to the base in counterbalancing relationship with respct to the pivot axis, a conduit connecting the chambers for transfer to fluid therebetween, a volatile fluid disposed in the chambers for transfer therebetween, and a shading arrangement for controlling the degree to which each of the chambers is exposed to the sun such that a differential vapor pressure is created therebetween in dependence on the position of the sun which causes a predetermined transfer of the fluid between the chambers so as to change the proportion of the fluid disposed within each of the chambers and thereby cause the base to pivot into a predetermined orientation with respect to the position of the sun.
Claims I claim: 1. Solar tracking apparatus comprising at least one chamber containing a volatile fluid, a base on which said at least one chamber is mounted, mounting means for pivotably mounting said base with respect to a pivot axis, shading means for controlling the degree to which said at least one chamber is exposed to the sun in dependence on the position of the sun so as to control the extent to which said fluid is vaporized due to solar heating of said at least one chamber and to thereby control pivoting of said base relative to said pivot axis, and means for coupling the expansive force generated by vaporization of said fluid to a work piece to control the position, orientation, and/or operation thereof, said mounting means comprising a single coil spring which is mounted to and directly and pivotably supports the weight of said base so as to enable pivoting of said base, and which further provides a bias force, when said base is pivoted with respect to a predetermined position thereof, such as to urge said base to return to said predetermined position. 2. Solar tracking apparatus comprising a base, mounting means for pivotably mounting said base with respect to a pivot axis, first and second chambers mounted to said base in counterbalancing relationship with respect to said pivot axis, conduit means connected to said first and second chambers for transfer of fluid therebetween, a volatile fluid disposed in said chambers for transfer therebetween, and shading means for controlling the degree to which each of said chambers is exposed to the sun such that a differential vapor pressure is created between said chambers, in dependence on the position of the sun, which causes a predetermined transfer of said fluid between said chambers so as to change the proportion of said fluid disposed within each of said chambers and thereby cause said base to pivot into a predetermined orientation with respect to the position of the sun, said mounting means comprising a single coil spring which is mounted to and directly supports the weight of said base while enabling pivoting of said base, and which further provides a bias force, when said base is pivoted with respect to a predetermined position thereof, such as to urge said base to return to said predetermined position. 3. The solar tracking apparatus of claim 2 wherein said chambers comprise elongate tubular members mounted to said base such that the longitudinal axes of said tubular members are substantially perpendicular to an imaginary axis connecting said tubular members and passing through said pivot axis. 4. The solar tracking apparatus of claim 2 wherein said shading means comprises selected portions of the outer surfaces of said chambers which are treated so as to be relatively reflective of solar radiation. 5. The solar tracking apparatus of claim 2 wherein said shading means comprises a screen mounted in shielding relationship to each of said chambers. 6. The solar tracking apparatus of claim 2 wherein said chambers are aligned with an east-west extending orientation axis and said first and second chambers are disposed to the east and west, respectively, of said pivot axis, and said shading means comprises means for shading said first chamber from exposure to the sun from the east and southeast, and means for shading said second chamber from exposure to the sun from the west and southwest. 7. The solar tracking apparatus of claim 2 wherein said coil spring supports said base such that the balance point thereof is disposed relatively lower than said pivot axis. 8. The solar tracking apparatus of claim 2 wherein said chambers are partially evacuated such that said volatile fluid assumes an equilibrium distribution within said chambers in the absence of sufficient solar heating to vaporize said volatile fluid. 