An apparatus for tracking and collecting solar energy including at least one collector having elongated reflective surfaces which are parabolic in cross-section. A heat collection and transfer conduit is carried by said collector with said conduit having an inlet at one end and an outlet at the other end. The inlet is connected to an inlet manifold and the outlet is connected to an outlet manifold. An agitator moves a fluid through the inlet manifold, the conduit for warming then through said outlet manifold. The collector is rotated about a longitudinal axis thereof with such rotation directed by a sun sensing device.
Claims Having thus described the invention, what is claimed as new and desired to be secured by Letters Patent is: 1. A solar energy tracking and collector apparatus comprising: (a) at least one collector including elongated reflective means having a parabolic surface in cross-section, (b) a heat collection and transfer conduit carried by said reflective means in the area of the focus of said reflective means for collecting solar energy reflected from said elongated reflective means, (c) said conduit having at least a portion thereof as transparent, (d) a fluid in said conduit, (e) an elongated member for absorbing solar energy mounted within said fluid within said conduit and extending throughout said conduit and spaced from the inner surfaces of said conduit, whereby solar heat transfers from said absorbing means outwardly to said fluid, (f) said conduit having an inlet at one end, and (g) an outlet at the other end, (h) said inlet connected to an inlet manifold and (i) said outlet connected to an outlet manifold (j) means for moving said fluid through said intake manifold, over said elongated absorbing member in said conduit, through said conduit and said outlet manifold, and (k) means for rotating said collector about a longitudinal axis thereof, said means for rotating comprising pulley and cable elements located between said inlet header and said absorber on said inlet conduit. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 further characterized by (a) a multiplicity of energy absorbing fins, and (b) means mounting said fins on said elongated member and within said conduit. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 in which said parabolic reflective means is a one piece member with the area of focus thereof and the conduit therefore positioned within the extent of said one piece parabolic member. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 in which said conduit is stationary and said collector rotates about the longitudinal axis of said conduit. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 in which said means for moving a fluid is a fan. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 in which said means for moving a fluid is a pump. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 in which said collector has a jacket mounted on the under surface thereof and in which insulative material is contained. 8. A solar energy tracking and collector apparatus comprising: (a) at least one collector having elongated reflective means having a parabolic surface in cross-section, (b) a heat collection and transfer conduit carried by said reflective members in the area of the focus of said reflective members, (c) a fluid in said conduit, (d) said conduit having an inlet at one end, and (e) an outlet at the other end, (f) an elongated heat absorber transfer member mounted longitudinally within said fluid within said conduit, (g) said inlet connected to an inlet manifold, and (h) said outlet connected to an outlet manifold (i) means for moving a fluid through said intake manifold over said heat elongated absorber transfer member in said conduit through said conduit and said outlet manifold whereby heat is transferred from said heat absorber member, and (j) means for rotating said collector about a longitudinal axis thereof, said means for rotating comprising pulley and cable elements located between said inlet header and said absorber on said inlet conduit. 9. A solar energy tracking and collector apparatus comprising: (a) at least one collector including an elongated reflective means having a parabolic surface in cross-section, (b) a transparent plate connected at its edges within the parabolic surface of the reflective means and forming a conduit between said plate and the parabolic surface of the collector, (c) an elongated heat absorber member mounted within said conduit, (d) said conduit having an inlet at one end, and (e) an outlet at the other end, (f) said inlet end connected to an inlet manifold and (g) said outlet connected to an outlet manifold, (h) means for moving a fluid through said intake manifold, through said conduit over said elongated heat absorber member and through said outlet manifold, and (i) means for rotating said collector about a longitudinal axis thereof, said means for rotating comprising pulley and cable elements located between said inlet header and said absorber on said inlet conduit. 