The invention provides solar conversion apparatus comprising concentrating means for concentrating solar energy onto at least one surface of a heat transfer conduit, tracking means for causing the concentrating means to track the sun, the tracking means including radiation sensitive elements which are operable on differential thermal expansion thereof to generate tracking control signals and an electric motor for moving said concentrating means, said motor being responsive to said control signals, tracking movement thus being initiated by thermal radiation but is arrested by optical radiation which is of short response time.
Claims I claim: 1. Solar conversion apparatus comprising: concentrating means for concentrating solar energy onto at least one surface; tracking means for causing the concentrating means to track the sun, said tracking means including radiation sensitive elements which are operable on differential thermal expansion thereof to generate tracking control signals and an electric motor for moving said concentrating means, said motor being responsive to said control signals; and over temperature sensing means operable to override said tracking means and cause the motor to move the concentrating means out of alignment with the sun. 2. Apparatus as claimed in claim 1 wherein the over temperature sensing means includes an over temperature switch which is mechanically coupled to said surface and is responsive to thermal expansion thereof. 3. Solar conversion apparatus comprising concentrating means for concentrating solar energy onto at least one surface, tracking means for causing the concentrating means to track the sun, said tracking means including first radiation sensitive elements which are responsive to thermal components of solar radiation and are operable to produce first control signals for initiating tracking movements of the concentrating means and at least one second radiation sensitive element which is responsive to non-thermal components of solar radiation and is operable to produce second control signals for arresting tracking movements of the concentrating means. 4. Apparatus as claimed in claim 3 wherein said at least one second radiation sensitive element is responsive to the optical or ultra-violet components of solar radiation. 5. Apparatus as claimed in claim 3 wherein said first elements comprise thermally expansive metallic tapes disposed relative to said concentrating means such that differential expansion of said tapes occurs when said concentrating means is not aligned with the sun. 6. Apparatus as claimed in claim 3 wherein said at least one second element comprises a photo-electric element upon which solar energy impinges when said concentrating means is directed at the sun. 7. Apparatus as claimed in claim 6 wherein said photoelectric element is located so as to receive concentrated solar radiation from said concentrating means. 8. Apparatus as claimed in claim 6 or 7 including collimating means for collimating solar radiation prior to impingement on said photo-electric element. 9. A method of collecting solar energy comprising moving solar energy concentrating means such that the concentrating means concentrates solar energy on a heat transfer surface; generating control signals by means of at least one element which is sensitive to infra-red components of solar radiation for initiating tracking movements of concentrating means toward alignment of the concentrating means with the sun; and generating an arresting signal by means of at least one element which is sensitive to visible or ultra-violet components of solar radiation for arresting tracking movements of the concentrating means when the concentrating means is correctly aligned with the sun. 10. A method of collecting solar energy comprising moving solar energy concentrating means such that the concentrating means concentrates solar energy onto at least one surface, generating control signals by means of at least one element which is sensitive to infra-red components of solar radiation for initiating tracking movements of the concentrating means toward alignment of the concentrating means with the sun; and generating an arresting signal by means of at least one photoelectric element for arresting tracking movements of the concentrating means when the concentrating means is correctly aligned with the sun. 11. Solar conversion apparatus comprising: concentrating means for concentrating solar energy onto at least one surface; tracking means for causing the concentrating means to track the sun, said tracking means including radiation sensitive elements comprising thermally expansible metallic tapes which are operable on differential thermal expansion thereof to generate tracking control signals and an electric motor for moving said concentrating means, said motor being responsive to said control signals, said sensitive elements having a predetermined response time during which they are subjected to radiation before said control signals are generated for initiating movement of said motor, and arresting means including at least one photoelectric cell for arresting movement of said motor when the concentrating means is concentrating solar energy onto said surface, said arresting means having a response time which is shorter than that of said radiation sensitive elements. 12. Apparatus as claimed in claim 11 wherein said cell or cells are located in close proximity to said surface. 13. Apparatus as claimed in claim 12 wherein said tapes receive concentrated solar radiation from said concentrating means when said concentrating means is not correctly aligned with the sun. 14. Apparatus as claimed in claim 13 wherein the tracking is operable to rotate said concentrating means about a tracking axis, said surface comprises the outer surface of a heat transfer conduit located along said tracking axis, and wherein said concentrating means comprises a reflective trough which has a base line parallel to said tracking axis, a plane including said base line and said tracking axis also including the sun when the trough is correctly aligned therewith and wherein there are first and second of said metallic tapes are located on opposite sides of said plane, said first and second tapes being coupled to activate first and second switches respectively on predetermined expansion thereof. 15. Apparatus as claimed in claim 14 wherein said motor is a reversible motor said first and second switches being operable to make a driving current circuit in a predetermined polarity to said motor and wherein said cell or cells operate to break said circuit. 16. Apparatus as claimed in claim 15 wherein each cell or cells are connected to the operating coil of a relay which has its contacts in said circuit, whereby said circuit is broken when said cell or one of said cells are irradiated by concentrated radiation from the concentrating means. 17. Apparatus as claimed in claim 16, wherein there is a single relay which the operating coil of which is connected to a cell or a pair of cells connected in parallel. 18. Apparatus as claimed in claims 16 or 17 including collimating means for shielding said cell or cells from radiation from said concentrating means except for a narrow beam which can pass through said collimating means. 19. Solar conversion apparatus comprising: concentrating means for concentrating solar energy onto at least one surface; means mounting said concentrating means for rotation about a pair of non-rotating shafts; and brackets for supporting said shafts, said shafts being connected to said brackets by connecting means which yield when a predetermined high rotational force is transmitted to said shafts by said concentrating means; tracking means for causing the concentrating means to track the sun, said tracking means including radiation sensitive elements which are operable on differential thermal expansion thereof to generate tracking control signals and an electric motor for moving said concentrating means, said motor being responsive to said control signals. 20. Apparatus as in claim 19 wherein said mounting means includes a friction clutch which resists rotational movement of said concentrating means so as to prevent unwanted vibration or chattering of said concentrating means. 21. Solar conversion apparatus comprising concentrating means for concentrating solar energy onto at least one surface; tracking means for causing the concentrating means to track the sun; first and second solar radiation sensitive elements which are responsive to infra-red radiation for initiating tracking movements of said concentrating means in first or second directions respectively depending upon differential impingement of solar radiation on said elements; and at least one third solar radiation sensitive element which is responsive to visible or ultra-violet radiation and which is disposed to receive solar energy only when said concentrating means is aligned with the sun and is operable, on irradiation thereof, to arrest movement of the concentrating means. 22. Solar conversion apparatus comprising concentrating means for concentrating solar energy onto at least one surface and tracking means for causing the concentrating means to track the sun, said tracking means including a reversible electric motor coupled to cause movement of said concentrating means; first and second thermally responsive elements operable to actuate first and second switches respectively, actuation of said first and second switches completing an electric circuit to said motor for causing operation of said motor in forward or reverse directions respectively and an optical or ultra-violet sensitive switching means for breaking said circuit when said concentrating means is directed at the sun. 23. Apparatus as claimed in claim 22 wherein said concentrating means comprises a reflective trough having first and second parabolic portions having first and second focal lines respectively and wherein said optical or ultra-violet sensitive switching means comprises a first pair of photocells located adjacent to said surface and so disposed relative to one another to receive radiation reflected from extreme parts of said first parabolic portion when the concentrating means is correctly aligned with the sun and a second pair of photocells located adjacent to said surface and so disposed relative to one another to receive radiation reflected from extreme parts of said second parabolic portion when the concentrating means is correctly aligned with the sun. 24. Apparatus as claimed in claim 22 or 23 wherein said thermally responsive elements comprise metallic tapes and said optical or ultra-violet sensitive switching means includes a photo-voltaic element. 25. Apparatus as claimed in claim 22 or 23 wherein said circuit includes over-temperature switching means operable to complete said circuit independently of said first and second switches and said optical or ultra-violet sensitive switching means. 26. Apparatus as claimed in claim 25 including a position sensitive switch which is sensitive to the orientation of the concentrating means and is operable to break the circuit to said motor made by said over-temperature switching means when said concentrating means is in a generally inverted position. 27. Solar conversion apparatus comprising concentrating means for concentrating solar energy onto at least one surface, tracking means for causing the concentrating means to track the sun, said tracking means including first temperature sensitive elements which are responsive to thermal components of solar radiation and are operable to produce first control signals for initiating tracking movements of the concentrating means and at least one second element comprising a photovoltaic device which is responsive to solar radiation and is operable to produce second electronic control signals for arresting tracking movements of the concentrating means. 28. Apparatus as claimed in claim 27 wherein said first elements comprise thermally expansible metallic tapes disposed relative to said concentrating means such that differential expansion of said tapes occurs when said concentrating means is not aligned with the sun. 29. Apparatus as claimed in claim 28 wherein said photovoltaic device is located so as to receive concentrated solar radiation from said concentrating means. 30. Apparatus as claimed in claim 29 including collimating means for collimating solar radiation prior to impingement on said photovoltaic device. 31. Solar conversion apparatus as claimed in claim 27 wherein said tracking means includes a reversible electric motor coupled to cause movement of said concentrating means; said first temperature responsive elements being operable to actuate first and second switches, actuation of said first and second switches completing an electric circuit to said motor for causing operation of said motor in forward or reverse directions respectively and said photovoltaic device being operable to actuage switching means for breaking said circuit when said concentrating means is directed at the sun. 32. Apparatus as claimed in claim 31 wherein said concentrating means comprises a reflective trough having first and second parabolic portions having first and second focal lines respectively and wherein said at least one second element comprises a first pair of photocells located adjacent to said surface and so disposed relative to one another to receive radiation reflected from extreme parts of said first parabolic portion when the concentrating means is correctly aligned with the sun and a second pair of photocells located adjacent to said surface and so disposed relative to one another to receive radiation reflected from extreme parts of said second parabolic portion when the concentrating means is correctly aligned with the sun. 33. Apparatus as claimed in claim 32 wherein said temperature sensitive elements comprise metallic tapes. 34. Apparatus as claimed in claim 31 or 32 wherein said circuit includes over-temperature switching means operable to complete said circuit independently of said first and second switches and said photovoltaic device. 35. Apparatus as claimed in claim 34 including a position sensitive switch which is sensitive to the orientation of the concentrating means and is operable to break the circuit to said motor made by said over-temperature switching means when said concentrating means is in a generally inverted position. 