A photovoltaic module is disclosed in the form of a shingle having an active portion containing photovoltaic cells and an inactive mounting portion. Flat flexible ribbon-like positive and negative leads extend from the terminals in the active portion. The individual modules are mounted on a surface by means of fasteners extending through the inactive portions of the modules. At the time of installation, the flexible leads are folded to provide a servicing loop and the ends of the leads are then connected into the electrical network of the system. Individual modules can be removed from the system by moving the modules in their own planes away from the array of modules with accompanying straightening of the loops so that modules can be replaced. Improved circuit arrangements for connecting modules in an array and improved installation methods are disclosed which take advantage of the flat flexible conductors extending from the modules.
Claims I claim: 1. A photovoltaic module of the type which is in the form of a roof shingle comprising an active portion and an inactive portion, said active portion having photovoltaic cells thereon, said inactive portion partially surrounding said active portion whereby a multiplicity of said shingles can be installed on a roof with said inactive portions overlapping, with said active portions exposed, and with said active portions connected to each other in accordance with a predetermined circuit arrangement thereby to provide a photovoltaic generating unit on said roof, said shingle being characterized in that: said active portion has a positive lead and a negative lead extending therefrom, each of said leads comprising a flat flexible ribbon-like conductor encased in flexible insulating films, said leads having free ends which are intended for connection to conductors in said circuit arrangement, each of said leads having a length which is greater than the length required to connect said leads into said circuit arrangement by an amount which will provide a slack servicing loop between said active portion and said free ends whereby, after installation of a multiplicity of said shingles on a roof as an array, an individual shingle can be removed from said array without disconnecting said free ends from said circuit arrangement by moving said individual shingle from said array with accompanying straightening of said servicing loop. 2. A photovotaic module as set forth in claim 1, at least one of said leads having a connecting device crimped onto its end, said connecting device having an uncrimped portion for connecting said lead into a photovoltaic generating unit. 3. A photovoltaic module as set forth in claim 2, said leads being of unequal lengths. 4. A photovoltaic generating unit of the type comprising a supporting surface, an array of photovoltaic modules on said surface, each of said modules having a positive terminal and a negative terminal, said terminals of said modules in said array being interconnected by circuit conductors in accordance with a predetermined circuit arrangement, said generating unit being characterized in that: said circuit conductors comprise positive and negative leads extending from said positive and negative terminals of each of said modules, said leads having ends which are connected to other conductors in said circuit arrangement, each of said leads comprising a flat flexible ribbon-like conductor encased in insulating plastic, each of said leads having a folded portion between its associated terminal and its free end to provide a slack servicing loop whereby, an individual module can be removed from said array without disconnecting said free ends of its leads by moving said module from said array with accompanying straightening of said servicing loop. 5. A photovoltaic generating unit as set forth in claim 4, each of said modules comprising a shingle adapted to be mounted on the roof of a building. 6. A photovoltaic generating unit as set forth in either of claims 4 or 5, said modules being arranged in columns and rows in said array, adjacent modules in said rows being connected to each other in series. 7. A photovoltaic generating unit as set forth in either of claims 4 or 5, said modules being arranged in columns and rows in said array, said circuit arrangement comprising a plurality of parallel spaced-apart connecting conductors extending parallel to said columns, said modules in each of said columns being commonly connected in parallel to predetermined connecting conductors. 8. A photovoltaic generating unit of the type comprising a support, an array of photovoltaic modules on said support, each module having a positive lead and a negative lead extending therefrom, said modules being electrically connected to each other in a series-parallel arrangement and being connected to positive and negative bus conductors, said generating unit being characterized in that: said support has an even number plurality of of parallel spaced-apart connecting conductors thereon, the spacing between adjacent connecting conductors being substantially equal to one of the overall dimensions of one of said modules, said modules being installed on said support in covering relationship to said connecting conductors and being arranged in columns and rows, said columns extending parallel to said connecting conductors, said rows extending normally of said connecting conductors, said modules being oriented with said one overall dimension extending in the direction of said rows, all of said modules in each column having their negative leads connected to the same connecting conductor and having their positive leads connected to one of the adjacent connecting conductors, the modules in every other row having their leads of a first polarity connected to odd numbered connecting conductors and having their leads of the second polarity connected to even numbered connecting conductors, the modules in the remaining rows having their leads of the second polarity connected to odd numbered connecting conductors and having their leads of said first polarity connected to even numbered connecting conductors, the connecting conductor which is at the one side of said unit having negative leads only connected thereto, the connecting conductor which is at the other side of said unit having positive leads only connected thereto, said bus conductors being connected to said connecting conductors at said one side and at said other side whereby, all of said modules in each of said columns are connected in parallel and all of the modules in each pair of adjacent rows are connected in series. 9. A photovoltaic generating unit as set forth in claim 8, said connecting conductors and said positive and negative leads being flat ribbon-like conductors. 10. A photovoltaic generating unit as set forth in either of claims 8 or 9, said positive and negative leads each having an intermediate slack loop portion, said intermediate slack loop portion of each lead being between the module from which said lead extends and the connecting conductor to which said lead extends whereby said modules can be lifted from said array for servicing. 11. A photovoltaic generating unit as set forth in claim 10, each of said modules being of the type which is in the form of a shingle having an active portion and an inactive mounting portion, said active portion having photovoltaic cells therein, said modules being mounted on said support in an imbricated pattern with said mounting portions overlapping and covered by the active portions of aadjacent modules and with said active portions exposed, said leads of each module extending from said active portion thereof in the direction of the row in which said module is positioned to connecting conductors which are beneath the next adjacent module in the same row. 12. A photovoltaic generating unit as set forth in claim 11 and an additional photovoltaic generating unit which is similar to said photovoltaic generating unit, said photovoltaic generating unit and said additional photovoltaic generating unit being connected to each other as units. 13. A photovoltaic generating unit and an additional photovoltaic generating unit as set forth in claim 12, said units being connected in series. 14. A photovoltaic generating unit and an additional photovoltaic generating unit as set forth in claim 12, said units being connected in parallel. 15. A method of assembling a photovoltaic generating unit of the type comprising a support, an array of photovoltaic modules on said support, each module having a positive lead and a negative lead extending therefrom, said modules being electrically connected to each other in a series-parallel arrangement and being connected to positive and negative bus conductors, said method comprising the steps of: installing an even number plurality of connecting conductors on said support in parallel spaced-apart relationship to each other, installing said modules on said support in covering relationship to said connecting conductors and, during installation of said modules, arranging said modules in columns which extend parallel to said connecting conductors and rows which extend transversely of said connecting conductors, during the installation of the modules in every other row, connecting the leads of a first polarity to associated odd numbered connecting conductors and connecting the leads of the second polarity to associated even numbered connecting conductors, during installation of the modules in the remaining rows, connecting the leads of the first polarity to associated even numbered connecting conductors and connecting the leads of the second polarity to associated odd numbered connecting conductors, connecting only negative leads of the modules in the column on one side of the unit to the connecting conductor on said one side and connecting only positive leads of the modules in the column on the other side of the unit to the connecting conductor on said other side of the unit. 16. A method of assembling a photovoltaic generating unit as set forth in claim 15 including the step of forming a slack loop in said positive and negative leads of each of said modules during installation of each module thereby to permit removal of individual modules from said array. 17. A method of assembling a photovoltaic generating unit as set forth in claim 16 in which said connecting conductors are flat ribbon-like conductors and said leads are connected to said connecting conductors by crimping connecting devices. 