Simple flat plate reflectors, preferably compound of a panel with a reflector surface layer laminated thereto, are pivoted to move with the position of the sun and concentrate additional energy on a solar energy collector panel. The array can take a tented or triangular end view shape for closing to protect reflective surfaces from hail or sandstorm, etc. Also the surfaces are provided with a periodically operable surface cleaner to assure long term efficiency even when remotely positioned as on roof top. Low cost present day computers are programmed to track the sun over its seasonal variations by means of simple mechanisms pivoting the reflector plates. The system is self-energizing by means of batteries charged by solar panels accompanying the system. Solar energy is storable in a self-contained water tank for use at night, etc. and efficient energy conversion is attained by means of a stainless steel pipe length extending into the stored water and thermally coupled outside the tank to a solar heated higher than 100.degree. C. silicon oil circulated through the solar collector. Thus, vaporization is avoided and an effective low-cost simplified thermal energy conversion is effected.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar energy collection system comprising in combination two substantially flat pivotably movable energy directing plates with reflector surfaces adapted to change position for maximizing solar ray energy collection therewith, a reservoir tank for heat storage liquid, means mounting said plates on said reservoir; means for heating the liquid in the reservoir with solar energy directed by said plates; and further including tubing means heating a circulating oil medium with solar energy reflected from said plate, and an interchange unit for heating water in said reservoir tank from the circulating oil comprising a heat exchange conductor element, a fitting for extending the element from the exterior into the tank, and a heat exchange fitting coupled to a portion of the element exterior to the tank comprising a wrap of tubings containing the circulating oil. 2. The system defined in claim 1 having means moving a cleaning member comprising a silicone wetted sponge in contact with the flat reflector surfaces. 3. The system as defined in claim 5 including means responsive to conditions that might dirty or damage the plate reflector surfaces for moving the plates into a position protecting the reflection surfaces against damage. 4. The system as defined in claim 1 wherein said two movable plates are pivoted relatively to a common plane to describe movement arcs extending from a relatively flat plane to a triangular configuration. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein the flat plates have a reflector surface layer laminated thereon. 6. The system of claim 1 including a gravity actuated cleaner mechanism movable along the flat plates in contact therewith to clean the reflective surfaces thereof, and means periodically releasing the the cleaner to move across the reflective surfaces by gravity. 7. A solar energy collection system comprising in combination, a solar ray energy collection device with a reflective surface, a solar energy collection device receiving energy reflected from said reflective surface, means passing a circulating oil medium through said collection device to be heated by collected solar energy to substantially above 100.degree. C., a water heat storage tank, a heat exchange member comprising a length of heat conductive pipe affixed to extend into the tank with a portion externally disposed and a portion internally disposed in heat conductive contact with the water, and means circulating the solar heated oil medium into heat conductive contact with the portion of the pipe externally disposed outside the tank. 8. The system of claim 14 wherein the length of heat conductive pipe is mounted through the tank wall by an insulating bushing. 9. A heat exchange system for heating water with solar energy comprising in combination, a reflector array for concentrating solar energy, an oil filled pipe receiving the concentrated solar energy from the reflector array coupled to circulate solar heated oil at temperatures up to in excess of 100.degree. C., a water tank, an elongated heat conductive element having a fitting for holding it in a wall of the water tank and extending the element into heat conductive contact with water in the tank, and means providing heat conductive contact of said oil filled pipe with a portion of the heat conductive element extending outside the tank. 10. The system of claim 9 wherein the heat conductive element is a length of heat conductive pipe presenting inside the tank a heat exchange surface for water exposure both outside and inside the pipe. 11. The system of claim 10 wherein the heat conductive pipe length is mounted by a heat insulated screw type pipe clamp fitting encompassing the pipe near its exterior end to extend both internally into and externally from the water tank. 12. The system of claim 9 including means moving said array to track the sun for intensifying collected solar energy throughout the day as the relative position of the sun changes. 13. The system of claim 12 wherein said moving means is operable from a battery and a solar photo-electric panel receiving energy from said reflector system for charging the battery. 