A heat engine comprises first and second tanks radially mounted for rotation with respect to an axis of rotation and so as to be spaced from each other, a conduit connecting the tanks for transfer of fluid therebetween, a relatively heavy fluid disposed in the tanks for transfer therebetween, apparatus for heating the heavy fluid, and apparatus for introducing a relatively volatile fluid in a condensed state into direct contact with the heavy fluid for vaporization of the volatile fluid at predetermined times during the rotation of the tanks about the axis of rotation such that the expansion of the vaporized volatile fluid causes the heavy fluid to be cyclically transferred from a predetermined one of the tanks to the other of the tanks so as to maintain the rotation of the tanks about the axis of rotation.
Claims I claim: 1. A heat engine comprising first and second tanks, means for radially mounting said tanks for rotation with respect to an axis of rotation and so as to be spaced from each other, conduit means connecting said first tank to said second tank for transfer of fluid therebetween, a relatively heavy fluid disposed in said tanks for transfer therebetween, means for heating said heavy fluid, and means for introducing a relatively volatile fluid in a condensed state into direct contact with said heavy fluid for vaporization of said volatile fluid at predetermined times during the rotation of said tanks about said axis of rotation such that the expansion of said vaporized volatile fluid causes said heavy fluid to be cyclically transferred from a predetermined one of said tanks to the other of said tanks so as to maintain the rotation of said tanks about said axis of rotation. 2. The heat engine of claim 1 wherein said tanks are diametrically opposed to each other; and said fluid introducing means comprises means for condensing first and second portions of said volatile fluid, second conduit means connecting said condensing means to said first and second tanks for transfer of said first and second portions of said volatile fluid from said condensing means to said first and second tanks, respectively, such that said vaporization occurs when said first and second tanks are at least substantially at the respective lowermost positions thereof. 3. The heat engine of claim 2 wherein said condensing means comprises first and second chambers for receiving said first and second portions of volatile fluid, respectively, spaced from said first and second tanks, respectively, and means for cooling each of said chambers so as to condense said first and second portions of volatile fluid following vaporization thereof. 4. The heat engine of claim 3 wherein said cooling means intermittently cools each of said chambers for a predetermined period of time so as to minimize condensation of said portions of volatile fluid during transfer of said heavy fluid between said tanks. 5. The heat engine of claim 4 wherein said first and second chambers are disposed in relatively opposed relationship to said first and second tanks, respectively, and are mounted for rotation with respect to said axis of rotation, and said cooling means comprises means defining a bath of cooling fluid through which said chambers pass during at least a portion of the bottom half of the rotation thereof. 6. The heat engine of claim 5 wherein said heavy fluid heating means comprises means defining a bath of heating fluid in which said tanks are immersed. 7. The heat engine of claim 6 wherein said heating means and said cooling means comprise a housing mounted for rotation with respect to said axis of rotation and said means defining a bath of heating fluid and said means defining a bath of cooling fluid comprise first and second jackets, respectively, which are spaced with respect to said axis of rotation and are formed in said housing. 8. The heat engine of claim 1 wherein said heavy fluid comprises Wood's alloy and said volatile fluid comprises Freon. 9. The heat engine of claim 7 wherein said heating fluid comprises water heated by a solar collector and said housing comprises an inlet for introducing said heating fluid into said first jacket coaxially aligned with said axis of rotation. 10. The heat engine of claim 1 wherein said conduit means comprises a tubular member tangentially connected to said tanks such that said tanks are on opposite sides of an imaginary plane defined by said tubular member. 11. The heat engine of claim 2 further comprising vent means connected between each chamber and the corresponding tank for facilitating the transfer of said first and second portions of volatile fluid. 12. The heat engine of claim 2 wherein said second conduit means is connected to said first and second tanks such that said vaporization occurs within each of said tanks at a location which constitutes the uppermost region of the tanks at the time of vaporization. 13. The heat engine of claim 3 wherein said second conduit means comprises valve means for preventing said heavy fluid from transferring from each of said tanks to the associated one of said chambers while allowing the corresponding one of said volatile fluid portions to contact said heavy fluid for vaporization thereof. 14. The heat engine of claim 13 wherein said valve means comprises third conduit means connected to said second conduit means and to the interior of each of said tanks at a location which constitutes the uppermost region of each of said tanks when each of said tanks is disposed in the position during the rotation thereof at which the tank becomes maximally filled with said heavy fluid. 15. The heat engine of claim 14 wherein said second conduit means is connected to said first and second tanks such that vaporization occurs within each of said tanks at a location which constitutes the uppermost region of the tank at the time of vaporization. 16. The heat engine of claim 15 wherein said third conduit means comprises a conduit disposed within each of said tanks having an enlarged end which communicates with said second conduit means and in which at least a portion of said heavy fluid is disposed for contact with the corresponding one of said volatile fluid portions when vaporization occurs. 17. The heat engine of claim 16 wherein an interior wall of each of said tanks is formed with a recess in which the distal end of the corresponding one of said conduits is disposed such that a maximum amount of the corresponding one of said volatile fluid portions may be removed from each tank as the tank is filled with said heavy fluid. 18. The heat engine of claim 1 wherein said fluid introducing means comprises first and second condensing chambers mounted for rotation with respect to said axis of rotation for condensing first and second portions of said volatile fluid following vaporization of said volatile fluid, the radial distance between said chambers and the axis of rotation being substantially less than the radial distance between said tanks and the axis of rotation. 19. The heat engine of claim 1 or claim 18 wherein said conduit means comprises trap means connected to said tanks for ensuring, when filled to a predetermined level, that the relatively volatile fluid does not pass between the tanks as the heavy fluid is transferred from one tank to the other. 20. The heat engine of claim 18 wherein said chambers include siphon means associated therewith for enhancing speed of transfer of the relatively volatile fluid between said chambers and said tanks. 21. The heat engine of claim 20 wherein said conduit means includes trap means connected to said tanks for ensuring, when filled to a predetermined level, that the relatively volatile fluid does not pass between the tanks as the heavy fluid is transferred from one tank to the other. 22. The heat engine of claim 1 wherein said fluid introducing means comprises first and second condensing chambers for condensing first and second portions of said volatile fluid following vaporization of said volatile fluid, further conduit means for connecting individual ones of said chambers to respective ones of said tanks, and siphon means associated with said chambers for providing abrupt transfer of said volatile fluid between the chambers and the respective tanks. 23. The heat engine of claim 1 wherein the heavy fluid and volatile fluid are chosen such that the former is always more dense than the latter. 