A closed loop vortex tube system having a vortex tube, a hot side loop and heat exchanger, a cold side loop and heat exchanger, a working fluid, and a start-up compressor. The hot side loop and cold side loop combine past the heat exchanger at an inlet on the vortex tube. Electrical generating means, transmission means, or distilling means are provided for deriving work from the hot side heat exchanger. A method of operating a closed loop vortex tube system by providing a moving stream of working fluid to a vortex tube, heat exchanging the cold side output with a fluid which is warm relative to it, heat exchanging the hot side working fluid with a fluid which is cool relative to it, combining the two heat exchanged working fluids and reintroducing them to the vortex tube, and deriving a work output from the hot side heat exchanger.
Claims I claim: 1. A method of generating electricity by using a closed loop vortex tube system comprising: moving a stream of working fluid at a selected temperature to the inlet port of a vortex tube having a hot outlet port for emitting a hot output working fluid and a cold outlet port for emitting a cold output working fluid, heat exchanging said hot output working fluid with electric generating means to draw off the heat acquired by said working fluid upon passing through the vortex tube, and generating electricity therewith, heat exchanging said cold output working fluid with a fluid which is warm relative to said cold output working fluid for regaining an amount of heat energy comparable to the heat exchanged with said electric generating means, combining said heat exchanged cold output working fluid and said heat exchanged hot output working fluid, and moving the combined stream to the inlet port of said vortex tube. 2. The method of generating electricity of claim 1 further including an initialization step comprising: artificially moving said stream of working fluid to the inlet port of said vortex tube, blocking the exchange of heat between said hot output working fluid and said electric generating means, monitoring the temperature, pressure, and rate of flow of said working fluid, and incrementally discontinuing the artificial movement of said stream of working fluid and unblocking the exchange of heat between said hot output working fluid and said electric generating means as the difference in temperature between said hot output working fluid and said cold output working fluid approaches a difference sufficient to sustain movement of said combined stream of working fluid and thereby sustain vortex motion in said vortex tube. 3. A method of using a closed loop vortex tube system comprising: moving a stream of working fluid at a selected temperature from within a closed system to the inlet port of a vortex tube having a hot outlet port for emitting a hot output working fluid and a cold outlet port for emitting a cold output working fluid, heat exchanging said cold output working fluid with a body which is warm relative to it, deriving a work output therefrom, heat exchanging said hot output working fluid with a body which is cool relative to it, deriving a work output therefrom, combining said heat exchanged cold output working fluid and said heat exchanged hot output working fluid, and moving the combined stream to said vortex tube inlet port. 4. The method of claim 3 further including an initialization step comprising: artificially moving said stream of working fluid to the inlet port of said vortex tube, blocking the exchange of heat between said hot output working fluid and said body which is cool relative to it, monitoring the temperature, pressure, and rate of flow of said working fluid, and incrementally discontinuing the artificial movement of said stream of working fluid and unblocking the exchange of heat between said hot output working fluid and said body which is cool relative to it proportionally, as the temperature difference between said hot output working fluid and said cold output working fluid approaches a difference sufficient to sustain movement of said combined stream of working fluid and thereby sustain vortex motion in said vortex tube. 5. A method of generating electricity using a closed loop vortex tube system comprising: moving a stream of temperature/pressure responsive working fluid to the inlet port of a vortex tube having a hot outlet port for emitting a high pressure hot output working fluid and a cold outlet port for emitting a low pressure cold output working fluid, moving said hot output high pressure working fluid from said vortex tube hot outlet port to a high pressure inlet of a pressure driven turbine, moving said cold output low pressure working fluid from said vortex tube cold outlet port to the low pressure inlet of a pressure driven turbine, transferring the energy of said hot output high pressure working fluid and said cold output low pressure working fluid to spin said turbine and in turn spin an electric generator connected to said turbine, thereby generating electricity, and moving the exhaust from said turbine back to said vortex tube inlet, recommencing the cycle. 6. The method of claim 5 further comprising: heat exchanging said turbine exhaust with a fluid which is warm relative to it for regaining the energy transferred to said turbine before said exhaust enters said vortex tube inlet port. 7. The method of claim 5 further comprising: monitoring the temperature, pressure, and velocity of said working fluid between said hot vortex outlet and said turbine high pressure inlet, between said cold vortex outlet and said turbine low pressure inlet, and between said turbine exhaust and said vortex tube inlet port. 8. A method of salt water and waste purification using a closed loop vortex system, comprising: moving a stream of working fluid at a selected temperature to the inlet port of a vortex tube having a hot outlet port for emitting a hot output working fluid and a cold outlet port for emitting a cold output working fluid, moving a fluid to be purified into a distilling apparatus having a reservoir, a purified fluid line and condensor, and a waste fluid line and condensor, heat exchanging said hot output working fluid with said fluid to be purified, thereby evaporating a pure fluid from said fluid to be purified and leaving a concentrated waste fluid in said reservoir, moving said vaporized pure fluid through said purified fluid line and condensor, heat exchanging said cold working fluid with said vaporized pure fluid, thereby condensing said vaporized pure fluid, heat exchanging said cold output working fluid with said concentrated waste fluid, thereby cooling said concentrated waste fluid, collecting said pure fluid, combining the heat exchanged cold output working fluid, and moving said combined stream of working fluid back to the inlet port of said vortex tube, recommencing the vortex cycle. 9. The method of claim 8 further including an initialization step comprising: artificially moving said stream of working fluid to the inlet port of said vortex tube, blocking the movement of fluid through said concentrated waste fluid line, heat exchanging said cold output working fluid with a fluid which is warm relative to it, monitoring the temperature, pressure, and rate of flow of said working fluid, and discontinuing the artificial movement of said stream of working fluid, unblocking the movement of fluid through said concentrated waste fluid line and blocking the exchange of heat between said cold output working fluid and said fluid which is warm relative to it, incrementally when the difference in temperature between said hot output working fluid and said cold output working fluid approaches a difference sufficient to sustain movement of said combined stream of working fluid and thereby sustain vortex motion in said vortex tube. 10. The method of claims 2, 4, or 9 wherein said temperature difference is at least approximately 200.degree. Farenheit. 11. The method of claims 2, 4, or 9 further comprising: periodically heat exchanging said cold output working fluid with a body which is warm relative to it after said temperature difference is achieved, to restore any working fluid losses in said temperature differential due to friction within said closed system. 12. A closed-loop vortex tube system comprising: a vortex tube having an inlet port, a cold outlet and a hot outlet, an inlet tube connected to said inlet port, a cold-loop tube connected to said cold outlet, a hot-loop tube connected to said hot outlet, said cold-loop tube and said hot-loop tube joining together at said inlet tube, cold-loop heat exchanger means for deriving a work output connected to said cold-loop tube between said cold outlet and said inlet tube, hot-loop heat exchanger means for deriving a work output connected to said hot-loop tube between said hot outlet and said inlet tube, a working fluid in said system, a start-up compressor means having an inlet and an outlet, said inlet connected to said cold-loop tube at a point after said cold-loop heat exchanger means, and said outlet connected to said vortex inlet tube, said start-up compressor means adapted to move working fluid to said vortex tube inlet port at a pressure and rate of flow sufficient for causing a vortex of working fluid within said vortex tube. 13. The closed-loop vortex tube system of claim 12 further comprising: a start-up compressor bypass tube, said compressor bypass tube having an inlet connected to said cold-loop tube between said cold-loop heat exchanger means and said start-up compressor inlet, said compressor bypass tube having an outlet connected to said vortex inlet tube, and valve means for directing a selected portion of said working fluid between said start-up compressor and said start-up compressor bypass tube. 14. The closed-loop vortex tube system of claims 12 or 13 further comprising: a hot-loop heat exchanger bypass tube having an inlet and an outlet, said inlet connected to said hot-loop tube before said hot-loop heat exchanger, said outlet connected to said hot-loop tube after said hot-loop heat exchanger, and valve means for directing a selected portion of said working fluid between said hot-loop exchanger means and said hot-loop heat exchanger bypass. 15. The closed-loop vortex tube system of claim 12 further comprising: a plurality of monitoring means for measuring the temperature, pressure, and rate of flow of said working fluid, said monitoring means disposed at said cold-loop before and after said cold-side heat exchanger means, at said hot-loop before and after said hot-side heat exchanger means, and at said inlet tube before said vortex tube inlet port. 16. The closed-loop vortex tube system of claim 12 adapted for electric generation, comprising: electric generator semiconductor means disposed in heat exchange relationship with said cold and hot side heat exchanger means, said electric generator semiconductor means utilizing the heat transferred from said hot and cold output working fluid to generate electricity. 17. The closed-loop vortex tube system of claim 12 adapted for electricity generation, further comprising: a pressure driven turbine having a high pressure inlet, a low pressure inlet, and an exhaust outlet, an electric generator connected to said turbine, a second closed-loop vortex tube system which comprises: a second vortex tube having an inlet port, a hot outlet and a cold outlet, a second inlet tube connected to said second inlet port, a second hot outlet tube connected to said second hot outlet, and a second cold outlet tube connected to said second cold outlet, a second vortex working fluid which develops a great pressure differential upon temperature change, disposed in said second closed-loop vortex tube system, said second hot outlet tube connected to the high pressure inlet of said pressure driven turbine, said second cold outlet tube connected to the low pressure inlet of said pressure driven turbine, said turbine outlet connected by said second inlet tube to said second vortex tube inlet port, the hot-loop heat exchanger means of said first vortex tube connected in heat exchange relationship with said second vortex inlet tube, and a second start-up compressor having an inlet and an outlet, said inlet connected to said second vortex inlet tube between said turbine exhaust outlet and said first vortex hot-loop heat exchanger connection, and said outlet connected to said second vortex inlet tube between said second start-up compressor inlet and said first vortex hot-loop heat exchanger connection, whereby the turning of said turbine turns said generator, thereby generating electricity. 18. The closed-loop vortex tube system of claim 17 further comprising: a second start-up compressor bypass tube, said second compressor bypass tube having an inlet connected to said second vortex inlet tube between said turbine exhaust outlet and said second start-up compressor inlet, said second start-up compressor bypass tube having an outlet connected to said second vortex inlet tube between said second start-up compressor inlet and said first vortex hot-loop exchanger connection, and valve means for directing a selected portion of said working fluid between said second start-up compressor and said second start-up compressor bypass tube. 19. The closed-loop vortex tube system of claim 12 adapted for propelling a vehicle, further comprising: a pressure driven turbine having a high pressure inlet, a low pressure inlet, and an exhaust outlet, a transmission means connected to said turbine, a vehicle connected to said transmission means to be propelled thereby, a second closed-loop vortex tube system which comprises: a second vortex tube having an inlet port, a hot outlet and a cold outlet, a second inlet tube connected to said second inlet port, a second hot outlet tube connected to said second hot outlet, and a second cold outlet tube connected to said second cold outlet, a second vortex working fluid which develops a great pressure differential upon temperature change, disposed in said second closed-loop vortex tube system, said second hot outlet tube connected to the high pressure inlet of said pressure driven turbine, said second cold outlet tube connected to the low pressure inlet of said pressure driven turbine, said turbine outlet connected by said inlet tube to said second vortex tube inlet port, the hot-loop heat exchanger means of said first vortex tube connected in heat exchange relationship with said second vortex inlet tube, and a second start-up compressor having an inlet and an outlet, said inlet connected to said second vortex inlet tube between said turbine exhaust outlet and said first vortex hot-loop heat exchanger connection, and said outlet connected to said second vortex inlet tube between said second start-up compressor inlet and said first vortex hot-loop heat exchanger connection, whereby the turning of said turbine turns said transmission, thereby propelling said vehicle. 20. The closed-loop vortex tube system of claim 19 further comprising: a cold side heat exchanger bypass tube in said first vortex tube system connected to said cold loop before and after said cold-side heat exchanger, valve means for directing a selected portion of said first system working fluid between said cold-side heat exchanger and said cold-side heat exchanger bypass, a second start-up compressor bypass tube, said second compressor bypass tube having an inlet connected to said second vortex inlet tube between said turbine exhaust outlet and said second start-up compressor inlet, said second start-up compressor bypass tube having an outlet connected to said second vortex inlet tube between said second start-up compressor inlet and said first vortex hot-loop heat exchanger connection, and valve means for directing a selected portion of said working fluid between said second start-up compressor and said second start-up compressor bypass tube. 21. The closed loop vortex tube system of claim 17 or 19 wherein said second vortex working fluid is FREON 14. 22. The closed loop vortex tube system of claim 12 wherein said cold-side heat exchanger means is a solar panel. 23. The closed loop vortex system of claim 12 wherein said cold-side heat exchanger is an air-conditioning unit. 24. The closed loop vortex tube system of claim 12 adapted for salt water and waste purification, further comprising: a distilling apparatus means having an evaporating section and a condensing section, said hot loop tube connected to said evaporating section for providing heat to cause evaporation of any impure liquid in said evaporating section, and the cold loop tube connected to said condensing section for condensing said vapor to yield a pure liquid. 25. The closed loop vortex tube system of claim 12 adapted for salt water and waste purification, further comprising: a distilling apparatus, said distilling apparatus comprising: a heater element, a reservoir disposed in heat exchange relationship adjacent with said heater element, a steam outlet disposed at the top of said reservoir, a steam line, said steam outlet connected to said steam line, a condenser having an outer fluid jacket and an inner sleeve, said condenser inner sleeve connected to said steam line to cool said steam and thereby condense it, wherein said hot-loop heat exchanger means is said heater element, and said cold loop exchanger means is said condenser. 26. The closed loop vortex system of claim 25 wherein said distilling apparatus further comprises: a second condenser having an outer fluid jacket and an inner sleeve, a concentrated waste outlet port disposed in said reservoir near its bottom, a waste line, said waste outlet port connected to said waste line and said waste line connected to the inner sleeve of said second condenser, wherein said cold-loop heat exchanger means comprises said first and said second condensers. 27. The closed-loop vortex system of claim 26 further comprising: second cold-loop heat exchanger means, wherein said cold-loop tube is connected between said cold outlet port and said first condenser jacket, between said first condensor jacket and said second condenser jacket, between said second condenser jacket and said second cold-loop heat exchanger means, and between said second cold-loop heat exchanger means and said start-up compressor. 28. A closed-loop vortex tube system for purification of salt water and waste, comprising: a vortex tube having an inlet port, a hot outlet port and a cold outlet port, an inlet tube connected to said inlet port, a hot-loop tube connected to said hot outlet port, a cold-loop tube connected to said cold outlet port, a working fluid in said closed system, distilling apparatus means having an evaporating section and a condensing section, said vortex hot outlet port connected by said hot-loop tube to supply heat to said evaporating section, said cold outlet port connected by said cold-loop tube to supply cooling to said condensing section, said hot and cold loop lines combining at a said vortex inlet tube after said distilling apparatus means, and a start-up compressor connector to said cold-loop tube after said distilling apparatus means. 29. The closed-loop vortex tube system of claim 28 wherein said evaporating section comprises: a heater element and a reservoir, said reservoir having a waste inlet a heat inlet, a heat outlet a waste outlet disposed toward the bottom of said reservoir, and a vapor outlet disposed toward the top of said reservoir, said hot-loop tube connected to said heat inlet, and said heat outlet connected to said vortex inlet tube, an werein said condensing section comprises: first and second condensers, each having an inner sleeve and an outer cooling jacket, and first and second collecting means, said first condenser inner sleeve connected to said vapor outlet at one end and to said first collecting means at the other end, said second condenser inner sleeve connected to said waste outlet at one end and to said second collecting means at the other end, each said outer cooling jacket having an inlet port and an outlet port, drain valve means disposed between said waste outlet and said second condenser inner sleeve for controlling the flow of concentrated waste from said reservoir, said cold-loop tube connected to said inlet in said first condenser cooling jacket, then from said outlet in said first condenser cooling jacket to said inlet in said second condenser cooling jacket, and then from said outlet in said second condenser cooling jacket to said start-up compressor. 30. The closed-loop vortex tube system of claim 29 further comprising: cold-side heat exchanger means connected to said cold-loop tube between said second condenser cooling jacket outlet and said start-up compressor. 31. The closed-loop vortex system of claim 29 further comprising: a start-up compressor bypass line connected in parallel with said cold-loop tube, having an inlet and an outlet, said inlet connected between said second condenser cooling jacket outlet and said start-up compressor, and said outlet connected to said vortex inlet tube, and valve means disposed along said cold-loop tube after said compressor bypass tube to control the flow of working fluid between said compressor bypass line and said compressor. 32. The closed loop vortex tube system of claim 31 further comprising: cold side heat exchanger means connected to said cold outlet line between said second condenser cooling jacket outlet and said compressor bypass tube. 33. A closed-loop vortex tube system for generating electricity, comprising: a vortex tube having an inlet port, a hot outlet and a cold outlet, a pressure-driven turbine having a high-pressure inlet port, a low-pressure inlet port, and an exhaust port, first tube means for connecting said hot outlet to said high-pressure inlet port, second tube means for connecting said cold outlet to said low-pressure inlet port, and third tube means for connecting said vortex tube inlet port to said turbine exhaust port, a working fluid which develops a great pressure differential corresponding to temperature change disposed in said system, an electric generator connected to said turbine, and heat exchanger means in contact with said third tube means between said vortex tube inlet port and said turbine exhaust port for transferring heat to said working fluid. 34. The closed-loop vortex tube system of claim 33 wherein said heat exchanger means is the hot-loop heat exchanger of another closed-loop vortex tube system. 35. The closed-loop vortex tube system of claim 34 further comprising: start-up compressor means connected via parallel tube means to said third tube means between said heat exchanger means and said vortex tube inlet port, and control valve means disposed in said parallel tube means before said start-up compressor for controlling the flow of working fluid between said third tube means and said start-up compressor parallel tube means. 36. The closed-loop vortex tube system of claim 33 wherein said working fluid is FREON 14. 37. The closed-loop vortex tube system of claim 33 or 34 further comprising: parameter monitoring means for monitoring the temperature, pressure, and rate of flow of said working fluid, said monitoring means disposed between said hot outlet and said high-pressure inlet port, between said cold outlet and said low-pressure inlet port, and between said turbine exhaust port and said vortex tube inlet port both before and after said heat exchanger means. 