A solar heating control is adapted to be interconnected to a pre-existing auxiliary heating system connected to operate in response to a command signal issued by a pre-existing thermostat. The control operates in response to a first temperature sensed within the solar heating system to directly conduct the command signal from the thermostat to the auxiliary heating system to provide an auxiliary heating sequence. The control responds to a second sensed temperature at the solar heating system to respond to the command signal to operate the solar heating system. The control may be selectively deactivated to permit exclusive operation of the auxiliary heating system by the thermostat when desired. The control selectively connects an alternate impedance to the thermostat for operation in a solar heating sequence to provide similar cyclic operation in both the solar and auxiliary heating sequences. The control provides electrical isolation for its operating circuits including logic circuits and provides transient protection. The control selectively operates in different modes under different sequences for specific seasons of the year for efficient operation. The control operates in response to abnormal temperature conditions to deactivate the solar control through circuitry operating independently from the logic control circuits.
Claims I claim: 1. A control to operate a solar heating system and an auxiliary heating system to selectively supply heat to an enclosure in response to the operation of a thermostat having a first output circuit selectively providing a first stage heat signal and a second output circuit selectively providing a fan signal, said control comprising means sensing the temperature of the solar heating system to provide a temperature indicative signal, a first gatable semiconductor having a first circuit connected to said first output circuit through first switch means including a first manually operable switch and a second circuit connected to the auxiliary heat system through a first current limiting resistor and a first fuse, a second gatable semiconductor having a first circuit connected to said second output circuit through second switch means including a second manually operable switch and a second circuit connected to the auxiliary heat system through a second current limiting resistor and a second fuse, and transfer means operatively connected to said temperature sensing means and to first and second gate inputs of said first and second semiconductors, respectively, to selectively render said first and second semiconductors conductive in response to said temperature signal of a predetermined magnitude to conduct the first stage heat signal and the fan signal from the thermostat to the auxiliary heat system to operate the auxiliary heat system. 2. The control of claim 1, and including by-pass means connected to said first and second manual switches, said first and second manual switches operable between a first condition to permit said first and second semiconductors to selectively conduct the first stage heat and fan signals to the auxiliary heat system and a second condition to connect said by-pass means in circuit to conduct the first stage heat and fan signals from the thermostat to the auxiliary heat system irrespective of the condition of said transfer means. 3. The control of claim 1, wherein the thermostat provides third and fourth output circuits directly connected to the auxiliary heating system to selectively provide a second stage heat signal and an air conditioning signal, respectively, said control including input means connected to monitor the first, second, third and fourth output circuits from the thermostat and an output to selectively control the operation of the solar heating system in response to the first stage heat signal, the second stage heat signal, the air conditioning signal and the fan signal. 