A rigid metal framework includes parallel u-shaped guides which are spaced apart and lined with a resilient material for supporting the edges of a solar absorber or core, which guides are connected with separate transverse members at their opposite ends together with intermediate cross-supports to increase the rigidity of the framework and a clamp in one of the housings to secure a manifold of a solar absorber, thereby allowing expansion and contraction of the core to occur in the guides, thereby providing support of the core without creating stress in the absorber. The framework can be fixed to the installation site but allows the absorber to float in a controlled manner within the framework without damage, as thermal conditions change. In addition, the framework design allows glazing (transparent covers) to be placed over the absorber, enhancing the efficiency of the resulting collector unit. The framework also enables the several units to nest together without typical stresses found in multipanel installations having large absorbing surface areas.
Claims Having described the invention, I claim: 1. In combination, a solar collector, which includes a pair of lateral edges and a pair of longitudinal edges, and a mounting frame for said solar collector, said mounting frame including receiving means for resiliently receiving said longitudinal edges of said collector such that said collector is free to expand and contract laterally and longitudinally, supporting means underlying said collector for slideably supporting said collector intermediate said lateral edges and said longitudinal edges thereof, clamping means formed integrally with said receiving means for clamping one of said lateral edges of said collector such that said one lateral edge is fixed relative to said mounting frame while the other lateral edge is movable relative to said mounting frame, whereby any movement of said collector as a result of the longitudinal expansion or contraction thereof will occur at said other lateral edge. 2. A mounting frame according to claim 1, wherein said receiving means includes a pair of generally U-shaped channels, each channel receiving a corresponding longitudinal edge of said collector and including a resilient lining which engages said corresponding longitudinal edge and has a thickness selected to accommodate lateral expansion and contraction of said collector without allowing said corresponding longitudinal edge to be disengaged therefrom. 3. A mounting frame according to claim 2, wherein said supporting means extends between said U-shaped channels. 4. A mounting frame according to claim 2, further comprising connecting means for rigidly connecting said channels to each other, whereby said mounting frame is a generally rigid structure. 5. A mounting frame according to claim 2, wherein said one lateral edge of said collector is delimited by a first header and said other lateral edge of said collector is delimited by a second header. 6. A mounting frame according to claim 5, wherein said clamping means includes a first pair of loops, each loop of said first pair of loops being attached to a corresponding one of said channels and encircling said first header, and a second pair of loops, each loop of said second pair of loops being attached to a corresponding one of said channels and encircling said second header. 7. A mounting frame according to claim 6, further comprising fixing means for fixing the position of said first header in each loop of said first pair of loops. 8. A mounting frame according to claim 6, wherein each loop of said second pair of loops is sized so as to slideably support said second header. 9. A mounting frame according to claim 2, further comprising trapping means for trapping hot air directly above said collector, whereby the temperature of said collector may be increased, said trapping means including a transparent sheet covering said collector and extending between said channels. 10. A mounting frame according to claim 9, wherein said transparent sheet is corrugated. 11. A mounting frame according to claim 1 or 3, wherein said supporting means is a corrugated panel. 12. A mounting frame according to claim 1, further comprising trapping means for trapping hot air directly above said collector, whereby the temperature of said collector may be increased. 13. A mounting frame according to claim 12, wherein said supporting means cooperates with said trapping means to sandwich said collector therebetween. 14. A solar collector system, comprising a plurality of adjacent collector units, each collector unit including a collector, said collector having a pair of lateral edges and a pair of longitudinal edges, each of said lateral edges being delimited by a corresponding header, and mounting means for mounting said collector, said mounting means including receiving means for resiliently receiving said longitudinal edges of said collector such that said collector is free to expand and contract laterally and longitudinally, supporting means underlying said collector for slideably supporting said collector intermediate said lateral edges and said longitudinal edges thereof, clamping means formed integrally with said receiving means for clamping one of said lateral edges of said collector such that said one lateral edge is fixed relative to said mounting means while the other lateral edge is movable relative to said mounting means, whereby any movement of said collector as a result of the longitudinal expansion or contraction thereof will occur at said other lateral edge; and permitting means for permitting fluid communication between said headers of adjacent collector units without inhibiting relative movement between said collector units. 15. A solar collector system according to claim 14, wherein said permitting means includes a plurality of internal couplings, each of said headers slideably receiving at least one of said couplings. 