Solar collector apparatus equipped with self-contained illumination means. The apparatus comprises a generally spherical collector forced from upper and lower hemispherically shaped halves coupled together. A generally spirally wound heat exchange disposed interiorly of the collector at the center thereof warms a fluid with solar energy. A mirror disposed below the heat exchanger reflects solar energy toward it to improve efficiency. Incandescent lights disposed below the mirror within the spherical collector may be actuated to provide an aesthetically pleasing and useful lighting effect.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An illuminated solar energy collection unit comprising: a generally spherical collector adapted to be exposed to sunlight, said collector comprising upper and lower generally hemispherically shaped, flanged halves adapted to be coupled together; heat exchange means disposed within said spherical collector substantially at the center thereof for warming fluid passing therethrough with solar energy, said heat exchange means including fluid input means and fluid output means; means for supporting said heat exchange means within said collector, said supporting means including at least a portion thereof secured between said flanged collector halves; mirror means disposed within said collector for reflecting solar energy toward said heat exchange means; lighting means disposed interiorly of said collector for selectively providing illumination, said lighting means disposed between said mirror means and a lowermost portion of said collector whereby heat generated by said lighting means will warm the collection unit thereby resisting build-up of the moisture and accumulation of snow, ice and the like; and, pedestal means adapted to be disposed upon a supporting surface for securely mounting said collector at an elevated position above said surface. 2. The combination as defined in claim 1 wherein: said pedestal is tubular; said collector is secured to said pedestal means via generally C-shaped, tubular mounting means; and said heat exchange means fluid input means and fluid output means extend through said mounting means and said pedestal means for connection exteriorly of said collection unit. 3. The combination as defined in claim 2 including a plurality of adjustable lenses extending interiorly of said spherical collector for facilitating internal temperature control. 4. The combination as defined in claim 3 including generally C-shaped mounting arm means for supporting said spherical collector. 5. The combination as defined in claim 4 wherein said heat exchange means is of generally spirally shaped configuration. 