A combined solar water heating device and storage tank for low cost solar hot water heaters is disclosed, consisting of an insulated open-topped tank in which is introduced a volume of water at atmospheric pressure to be heated by solar radiation entering through the open top of the tank. A transparent cover extends over the open top of the tank and acts to trap long wavelength reradiation from the heated water, such as to insulate the volume of heated water by preventing radiant heat loss. A pivotal reflector-insulator panel is also positioned over the tank opening which is alternately placed in an open position, in which it allows the entrance of solar radiation which is maximized by a reflectorized undersurface of the panel; and a closed position, in which it serves to insulate the heated water. The position of the pivotal reflector-insulator panel is optionally controlled by a radiation sensor to open and close the panel under varying conditions of solar radiation. The water level within the tank is also varied by a variably positioned float valve, causing additional water to be introduced into the tank as the temperature of the water increases. A channel arrangement is also incorporated interposed between the inlet and outlet to the tank insuring proper heating of the water prior to its withdrawal at the tank outlet.
Claims The embodiments of the invention in which an exclusive property or privilege is claimed are defined as follows: 1. A solar water heating device comprising: an open-topped insulated, integrated solar collection and storage tank defining a cavity adapted to hold a quantity of water at ambient atmospheric pressure for collecting and storing solar energy; inlet water supply; means for introducing water into said tank from said supply thereof to be at said atmospheric pressure within said tank; outlet means for withdrawing heated water from said tank; a pivoted insulated panel mounted to said tank for pivoting movement from a first position overlying the opening of said tank to a second position tilted upwardly from said opening; water level control means producing a variable level of water in said insulated tank including means within said tank for varying the water in said tank with the temperature of said water, such as to increase the level of water in said tank upon said water being heated to a predetermined temperature level; whereby said tank is mounted to receive solar radiation of said insulated panel pivoted to said closed position during periods of slow solar radiation and storing said water in a heated condition in said tank, and said capacity increases with increased levels of solar radiation by increased levels of water in said tank. 2. The solar water heating device according to claim 1 wherein said insulated panel further includes a reflectorized undersurface provided therein whereby said solar radiation may be reflected into the interior of said tank with said pivoted insulated panel in said second open position. 3. The solar water heating device according to claim 1 further including a transparent panel affixed to said upper top of said tank overlying said open top of said tank transmitting said solar radiation while being opaque to relatively long wavelength radiation reradiated from said hot water heated by solar radiation. 4. The solar water heating device according to claim 3 further including a transparent cover mounted to the top of said open top tank and extending over said pivoted insulated panel in said first and second positions of said tank. 5. The solar water heating device according to claim 1 further including water level control means producing a variable level of water in said insulated tank including means varying the water in said tank with the temperature of said water, such as to increase the level of water in said tank upon said water being heated to a predetermined temperature level. 6. The solar water heating device according to claim 5 wherein said level control means includes a float valve means including a float disposed within the interior cavity of said insulated tank and float support means mounting said float in said tank internal cavity, including means immersed in said water within said tank for varying the relative position of said float with respect to said float support means in correspondence to temperature of said water in said tank so as to lower the float with respect to said float support means for increasing temperatures of said water. 7. The solar water heating device according to claim 6 wherein said float support means includes a bimetal lever arm immersed in said water within said tank and wherein said float is mounted to said free end of said bimetal lever arm, wherein said bimetal lever arm is pivotally mounted and operatively associated with the supply inlet valve means. 8. The solar water heating device according to claim 1 further including means sensing the level of solar radiation and moving said insulated panel to said open or closed position in correspondence with the level of solar radiation present, and wherein said insulated panel is moved to said second or open position whenever solar radiation is above a predetermined minimum level and is moved to said first or closed position whenever said solar radiation is below said minimum level. 9. The solar water heating device according to claim 8 wherein said control means includes a photovoltaic array disposed so as to receive solar radiation impinging on said solar water heating device and further includes a motor and means connecting said motor to said insulated panel to cause said insulated panel to be raised and lowered by said motor means between said first and second positions. 10. The solar water heating device according to claim 1 wherein the interior cavity of said open-topped insulated tank is formed with guide channel means wherein said outlet supply inlets are spaced with guide channel means interposed, said guide channel means establishing a fluid flow path therebetween insuring adequate heating of said inlet supply water before reaching said outlet means of said tank. 