The invention provides for a sealed mix tank having two chambers: one chamber mixes waste material and water to form a slurry and collect gas, particularly ammonia gas, during the digestive process; and, a second chamber stores water used for mixing. A classifier separates anaerobically non-digestible material from the slurry by directing the slurry through a basin to settle heavy particles and to push scum-forming particles onto a strainer. A sealed digest tank allows for sparging of the slurry with gas and for collecting the bio-gas generated during the digestive process. A sealed sludge tank receives digested slurry from the digest tank, sparges the sludge with gas, and collects the resultant bio-gas. A sealed scrub tank contains a scrubbing liquid which first absorbs ammonia gas generated during the digestive process and subsequently absorbs carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulfide from bio-gas collected from the tanks during the process. A solar collector circulates a liquid across the surface of tanks used in the digestive process to absorb solar energy and subsequently stores the heated liquid for use in the process.
Claims I claim: 1. In an anaerobic digestive process, a method of purifying bio-gas comprising: forming a slurry of waste and water; introducing the slurry into a mix tank; mixing while heating the slurry in the mix tank; removing light and heavy nondigestible materials from the slurry; collecting ammonia gas produced in the mixing process; introducing the slurry into an anaerobic digest tank; collecting bio-gas produced in the digestive process from the digest tank; dissolving at least a part of the ammonia gas in a liquid contained in a scrub tank to prepare a scrubbing solution; subsequently passing said bio-gas through said scrubbing solution in said scrub tank to remove carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulfide from said bio-gas; and collecting said purified bio-gas. 2. A scrub tank system for scrubbing bio-gas generated during an anaerobic digestive process, said system comprising: a sealed mix tank; means for preparing a slurry from waste and water; means for introducing the slurry into the mix tank; means, included in the mix tank, for mixing the slurry to generate ammonia gas; means, in thermal communication with the mix tank, for heating the slurry to facilitate generation of ammonia gas; a sealed scrub tank containing a liquid; a digest tank for producing bio-gas, said tank in fluid communication with said mix tank and said scrub tank; means for collecting at least part of the ammonia gas generated in the mix tank; means for passing said at least part of the ammonia gas through said liquid in the scrub tank for preparing a scrubbing solution in the scrub tank; means for collecting bio-gas produced in the digest tank; means for passing said bio-gas through said scrubbing solution to remove carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulfide from said bio-gas; and means for collecting purified bio-gas from the scrub tank. 3. A system as defined by claim 2, wherein said liquid comprises water. 4. A system as defined in claim 2, wherein said system further comprises means for withdrawing said scrubbing solution from said scrub tank after said carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulfide are removed from said bio-gas. 5. A system as defined in claim 2, wherein said system further comprises means for introducing said liquid into said scrub tank to maintain a constant level in said scrub tank. 6. In a system for anaerobic digestion of waste, a tank for mixing waste material and water into a slurry for an anaerobic digestive apparatus, said tank comprising: a first chamber having a port sealed against gas and liquid leakage and means for introducing waste material and water into the first chamber; a second chamber sealed against liquid leakage for storing water, the second chamber positioned around said first chamber; a pump having a first output conduit for flushing waste material in said trough into said first chamber, and a second output conduit for moving the slurry to a digest tank; means for mixing said waste material and water to form a slurry in the first chamber; means for heating water stored in said second chamber; means for collecting gas generated in the first chamber; and a classifier in fluid communication with the first chamber for separating and removing light and heavy non-digestible material from the slurry, the classifier comprising: a basin; means for directing a slurry through said basin at a rate adapted to permit heavy non-digestible material to settle out of said slurry to the bottom of said basin; a strainer positioned near the surface level of said slurry in said basin; means for pushing non-digestible material floating near the surface of said slurry onto said screen, means for removing heavy non-digestible material from the bottom of the basin, said removing means including an intake port positioned near the bottom of the basin, and a discharge port emptying outside the basin. 7. A tank as defined in claim 6, wherein said introducing means comprises a trough which extends into the first chamber and gas trap means for passing waste material from said trough into said first chamber while substantially preventing the release of gas from said first chamber. 8. A tank as defined in claim 6, wherein said introducing means comprises a standpipe positioned in said first chamber and means for connecting said standpipe to said second chamber to receive water therefrom. 9. A tank as defined in claim 6, wherein said strainer forms a basket, and said basket is positioned outside of said basin within said first chamber, such that said slurry is pushed through said port into said basket and the non-digestible material remains in said basket as the remaining slurry flows into said first chamber, and further, wherein said pushing means comprises means for directing a stream of gas across the surface of the slurry in the direction of said port. 10. A tank as defined in claim 6 wherein said removing means comprises a tube having an intake port and a discharge port, a screw auger rotatably mounted in said tube, and means for mounting the tube such that the intake port is positioned near the bottom of said basin and the discharge port extends outside of said tank. 11. A tank as defined in claim 6, wherein said heating means comprises: a third chamber included in the digestive apparatus, said third chamber having a cylindrical surface, said surface having a plurality of ribs extending outwardly from said surface; a conduit positioned across said ribs, said conduit having a plurality of orifices to distribute a liquid on to said surface such that said liquid flows across said surface between said plurality of ribs; means for connecting said conduit to said second chamber; a trough positioned across said ribs beneath said conduit, said trough abutting said surface so that said liquid collects in said trough; means for connecting said trough to said second chamber; and means for pumping said liquid from said second chamber through said conduit, across said surface, through said trough, and back into said second chamber. 12. A tank as defined in claim 11, wherein said third chamber is a digest tank which further comprises a heat exchanger, positioned inside said digest tank, and means for conducting heated liquid from the trough to said heat exchanger. 13. A tank as defined in claim 6 further comprising a heater positioned inside said second chamber in thermal contact with said water. 14. The anaerobic waste digestion system of claim 6 further comprising a tank for holding sludge generated during the anaerobic digestive process comprising: a chamber sealed against gas and liquid leakage; means for introducing sludge into said chamber; means for collecting bio-gas from said chamber; and means for removing sludge from said chamber. 15. A tank as defined in claim 14, wherein said introducing means comprises a siphon pipe connected between the chamber and a digest tank, said siphon pipe positioned to conduct sludge from the digest tank to the chamber and to prevent gas from leaking out of said chamber. 16. A tank as defined in claim 14, wherein said removing means comprises a pipe having one end positioned near the bottom of said tank, and means for withdrawing sludge from the chamber via the pipe. 17. A tank as defined in claim 14, wherein said sparging means comprises a pipe defining a plurality of orifices positioned near the bottom of said tank to disperse gas throughout said sludge, and means for pumping gas into the pipe. 18. A tank as defined in claim 14, wherein said collecting means comprises: a scrub tank containing a scrubbing solution; means for passing said bio-gas through said scrubbing solution to remove carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulfide from said bio-gas; and means for transferring the purified bio-gas to a gas storage tank. 19. A classifier of separating anaerobically non-digestible material from a slurry of waste material and water, wherein said classifier comprises: a basin defining a port; means for directing the slurry through said basin at a rate which permits heavy non-digestible material to settle out of said slurry to the bottom of said basin and light non-digestible material to float toward the surface of the slurry; a strainer forming a basket positioned outside of the basin underneath the port near the surface level of said slurry in said basin; means for pushing light non-digestible material floating near the surface of said slurry onto said strainer; and means for removing heavy non-digestible material from the bottom of the basin, including a tube having an intake port and a discharge port, a screw auger rotatably mounted in the tube, and means for mounting the tube such that the intake port is positioned near the bottom of the basin, and the discharge port extends outside of the basin. 20. A tank for mixing waste material and water into a slurry for an anaerobic digestive apparatus, said tank comprising: a first chamber sealed against gas and liquid leakage; a second chamber sealed against liquid leakage and positioned around said first chamber; a trough for introducing waste material and water into the first chamber, the trough extending into the first chamber and having a gas trap means for passing waste material from the trough into the first chamber while substantially preventing the release of gas from the first chamber; a pump for mixing waste material and water to form a slurry in the first chamber, the pump having a first output conduit positioned in the trough to flush the incoming waste material into the first chamber and a second output conduit connected to a digest tank; means for heating water stored in said second chamber; means for collecting gas generated in said first chamber; and a classifier for separating anaerobically non-digestible material from the slurry, comprising: a basin including a port; means for directing the slurry through said basin at a rate which permits heavy non-digestible material to settle out of said slurry to the bottom of said basin and light non-digestible material to float to the surface of the slurry; a strainer forming a basket positioned outside of the basin within the first chamber; means for directing a stream of gas across the surface of the slurry in the direction of the port such that the slurry is pushed through the port into the basket and the non-digestible material remains in the basket as the remaining slurry flows into the first chamber; and means for removing heavy non-digestible material including a tube having an intake port and a discharge port, a screw auger rotatably mounted in said tube, and means for mounting the tube such that the intake port is positioned near the bottom of the basin and the discharge port extends outside of the tank. 21. A system as defined in claim 20, wherein the heating means comprises a solar collector. 22. A classifier for separating anaerobically non-digestible material from a slurry of waste and water, wherein the classifier comprises: a basin including a port; means for directing the slurry through the basin at a rate which permits heavy non-digestible material to sink to the bottom of the basin and light non-digestible material to float to the top of the slurry without causing any substantial separation of digestible materials in the slurry; a strainer positioned near the surface level of the slurry in the basin; means for directing a stream of gas along the surface of the slurry such that said stream of gas pushes the light non-digestible materials floating near the surface of the slurry into the strainer; means for removing heavy non-digestible material from the bottom of the basin, the removing means including an intake port positioned near the bottom of the basin, and a discharge port emptying outside the basin. 23. The classifier of claim 22 wherein the stream of gas comprises bio-gas recovered from the anaerobic digestive process. 24. A system for anaerobically digesting waste comprising: a tank for mixing waste material and water into a slurry, the tank including a first chamber sealed against gas and liquid leakage, a second chamber sealed against liquid leakage and positioned around the first chamber, a trough for introducing waste material and water to form a slurry in the first chamber, means for heating water stored in the second chamber, and means for collecting gas generated in the first chamber; a classifier, positioned in the first chamber, for separating light and heavy anaerobically non-digestible material from the slurry of waste and water, the classifier including a basin having a port, a strainer positioned outside the basin underneath the port, means for directing the slurry through said basin at a rate which permits the heavy non-digestible material to settle to the bottom of the basin, a gas jet positioned near the surface of the slurry for pushing the slurry into the strainer such that the light non-digestible material remains in the strainer as the remaining slurry flows into the first chamber, and a tube having an intake port positioned near the bottom of the basin and an outlet port emptying outside of the tank, the tube having a screw auger rotably mounted therein for removing heavy non-digestible material from the bottom of the basin; a digest tank including a chamber for holding the slurry, means for introducing the slurry, means for heating the slurry to optimize bio-gas production; means for sparging the slurry with a gas in order to mix the slurry; means for removing digested sludge to a sludge tank; a scrub tank for scrubbing bio-gas generated in the anaerobic digest tank, including a sealed tank for containing a liquid, means for introducing a liquid into the scrub tank, means for collecting ammonia gas generated in the mix tank, means for passing at least a part of the collected ammonia gas through the liquid to prepare a scrubbing solution, means for collecting bio-gas, means for passing the bio-gas through the scrubbing solution to remove carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulfide from the bio-gas, and means for collecting the purified bio-gas; a tank for holding sludge produced by anaerobic digestion of waste, including a chamber sealed against gas and liquid leakage, means for introducing sludge into the chamber, means for sparging sludge with a gas, means for collecting bio-gas from the chamber, and means for removing the sludge from the chamber. 25. A system for anaerobically digesting waste comprising: a mix tank for preparing a slurry of waste and water, including a first chamber having a port sealed against gas and liquid leakage and a trough for introducing waste material and water to form a slurry in the first chamber, a second chamber sealed against gas and liquid leakage and positioned around the first chamber, means for introducing water stored in the second chamber, means for heating water stored in the second chamber, means for mixing waste and water to form a slurry, means, positioned in the first chamber, for collecting gas generated in the first chamber and a classifier for separating and removing light and heavy anaerobically non-digestible material from the slurry of waste and water; and, an elongated cylindrical generally horizontally oriented tank having a plurality of circumferential ribs spaced along the length of the tank, at least part of the tank being buried to provide insulation, the interior of the tank being subdivided into at least three sealed interior segments, the first segment forming a digest tank for producing bio-gas from a slurry of waste and water and having means for introducing the slurry, means for removing the sludge, and means for introducing a gas; the second segment forming a scrub tank for scrubbing the resultant bio-gas, and having means for introducing ammonia gas, means for introducing a scrubbing liquid, means for removing used scrubbing liquid, and means for removing purified bio-gas; and the third segment forming a sludge tank for further digesting sludge and having means for introducing sludge, means for sparging the sludge with a gas, and means for collecting bio-gas. 26. The anaerobic digestion system of claim 25 further including a solar powered heating system, comprising: a conduit positioned across said ribs, said conduit having a plurality of orifices to distribute a liquid onto said surface between said ribs such that said liquid flows downwardly across said surface between said plurality of ribs; a trough positioned across said ribs beneath said conduit, said trough abutting said surface such that said liquid distributed by said conduit collects in said trough; a heat exchanger positioned inside said digesting apparatus and means for selectively coupling the heat exchanger to the pumping means such that the pumping means selectively operates to pass said liquid from said trough, through said heat exchanger; and means for pumping said liquid from said trough through said conduit, across said surface, into said trough, thereby recirculating said liquid over said surface. 27. A system as defined in claim 26, wherein said system further comprises a sheet of light transmitting material positioned over said surface and fastened to said plurality of ribs, such that said liquid flows between said sheet and said surface. 28. A system as defined in claim 27, wherein said system further comprises a heat exchanger positioned inside said digesting apparatus and means for selectively coupling the heat exchanger to the pumping means such that the pumping means selectively operates to pass said liquid from said trough, through said heat exchanger. 29. A system as defined in claim 28, wherein said system further comprises means for selectively conducting said liquid from said heat exchanger back to said pumping means, so that said surface is by-passed. 30. A system as defined in claim 28 or 29, further comprising means for automatically controlling the means for selectively coupling the heat exchanger to the pumping means to regulate the temperature of the digesting apparatus. 