The d.c. power supplied by a photovoltaic solar panel to a load is controlled by monitoring the slope of the panel voltage vs. current characteristic and adjusting the current supplied by the panel to the load so that the slope is approximately unity. The slope is monitored by incrementally changing the panel load and indicating whether the resulting change in current derived from the panel is above or below a reference value, indicative of the panel voltage. In response to the change in the monitored current being above the reference value, the slope of a voltage vs. current curve is greater than unity and the load is adjusted to decrease the current supplied by the panel to the load. Conversely, in response to the current being less than the reference value, the slope of the voltage vs. current curve is less than unity and the load is adjusted to increase the current supplied by the panel to the load.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of controlling the d.c. output power derived from a photovoltaic solar panel and the power supplied by the panel to a load, the panel having a family of curves for voltage versus current output parameters of the panel, the open circuit voltage of each curve in the family increasing as the level of incident solar energy on the panel increases for a predetermined temperature, each of said curves having a maximum power point, each curve having slopes with absolute values greater than one and less than unity for currents respectively greater than and less than the maximum power point, comprising responding to one of the parameters derived from the panel; in response to the derived parameter, deriving an indication of whether the absolute value of the slope of the voltage versus current curve of the panel is greater or less than unity; in response to the slope absolute value indication being greater than one adjusting the load to decrease the current supplied by the panel to the load; in response to the slope absolute value indication being less than one adjusting the load to increase the current supplied by the panel to the load. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the slope is indicated by incrementally changing the load on the panel, and indicating whether the change in value of the monitored parameter in response to the incremental load change is above or below a reference value. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein the reference value is indicative of the d.c. value of one of said parameters. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein the reference value is derived by monitoring the approximate d.c. value of the monitored parameter. 5. The method of claim 1 or 2 or 3 or 4 wherein the monitored parameter is voltage. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein the slope is indicated by incrementally changing the load on the panel, monitoring one of the parameters of the panel to derive an indication of a reference value, and indicating whether the change in value of the monitored parameter in response to the incremental load change is above or below the reference value. 7. A method of indicating whether the current derived from a photovoltaic solar panel should be increased or decreased in order to maximize the output power supplied by the panel to a load, the panel having a family of curves for voltage versus current output parameters of the panel, the open circuit voltage of each curve in the family increasing as the level of incident solar energy on the panel increases for a predetermined temperature, said curves having a maximum power point, the curves having slopes with absolute values greater than one and less than one for currents respectively greater than and less than the maximum power point, comprising responding to one of the parameters derived from the panel by incrementally changing the load on the panel to indicate whether the absolute value of the slope of the voltage versus current curve of the panel is greater or less than unity, the indicated slope absolute values being greater and less than unity respectively indicating that the current derived from the panel should be decreased and increased. 8. The method of claim 7 further including indicating whether the change in value of the monitored parameter in response to the incremental load change is above or below a reference value. 9. A method of indicating whether the current derived from a photovoltaic solar panel should be increased or decreased in order to maximize the output power supplied by the panel to a load, the panel having a family of curves for voltage versus current output parameters of the panel, the open circuit voltage of each curve in the family increasing as the level of incident solar energy on the panel increases for a predetermined temperature, said curves having a maximum power point, the curves having slopes with absolute values greater than one and less than one for currents respectively greater than and less than the maximum power point, comprising responding to one of the parameters derived from the panel by incrementally changing the load on the panel to indicate whether the absolute value of the slope of the voltage versus current curve of the panel is greater or less than unity, the indicated slope absolute values being greater and less than unity respectively indicating that the current derived from the panel should be decreased and increased, and indicating whether the change in value of the monitored parameter in response to the incremental load change is above or below a reference value indicative of the d.c. value of one of said parameters. 10. The method of claim 9 wherein the reference value is derived by monitoring the approximate d.c. value of the monitored parameter. 11. The method of claim 10 or 9 wherein the monitored parameter is voltage. 12. Apparatus for controlling the d.c. output power derived from a photovoltaic solar panel and the power supplied by the panel to a load, the panel having a family of curves for voltage versus current output parameters of the panel, the open circuit voltage of each curve in the family increasing as the level of incident solar energy on the panel increases for a predetermined temperature, said curves having a maximum power point, the curves having slopes with absolute values greater than one and less than one for currents respectively greater than and less than the maximum power point, comprising means responsive to one of the parameters derived from the panel for deriving a signal having a value indicating whether the absolute value of the slope of the voltage versus current curve of the panel is greater or less than unity, the slope indicating means including: means for incrementally changing the load on the panel and means responsive to the incremental load change for comparing the amplitude of the resulting change of the panel monitored parameter with a reference value to indicate whether the slope absolute value is greater or less than one; means responsive to the signal value indicating the slope absolute value being greater than one and less than one for adjusting the load to respectively decrease and increase the current supplied by the panel to the load. 13. The apparatus of claim 12 wherein the reference value is indicative of the d.c. value of one of said parameters. 14. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein the reference value is derived by means for monitoring the approximate d.c. value of the monitored parameters. 15. The apparatus of claim 14 wherein the d.c. value monitoring means includes means responsive to the d.c. output voltage of the panel, and means for attenuating virtually all variations in the d.c. panel output voltage as a result of the load change. 16. The apparatus of claim 12 or 13 or 14 wherein the monitored parameter is voltage. 17. The apparatus of claim 12 wherein the means for deriving a signal indicating the slope value includes means for incrementally changing the load on the panel, means for monitoring one of the parameters of the panel to derive an indication of a reference value, and means responsive to the incremental load change for comparing the amplitude of the resulting change of the panel monitored parameter with the reference value to indicate whether the slope absolute value is greater or less than one. 18. Apparatus for indicating whether the current derived from a photovoltaic solar panel should be increased or decreased in order to maximize the output power supplied by the panel to a load, the panel having a family of curves for voltage versus current output parameters of the panel, the open circuit voltage of each curve in the family increasing as the level of incident solar energy on the panel increases for a predetermined temperature, said curves having a maximum power point, the curves having slopes with absolute values greater than one and less than one for currents respectively greater than and less than the maximum power point, comprising means for incrementally changing the load on the panel, whereby a change in the panel output voltage results from the change in load, the magnitude of the voltage change being dependent on the slope of the curve for the incident radiation and temperature and the load change, and means responsive only to the voltage change resulting from the incremental load change for indicating whether the change in the panel voltage resulting from the incremental load change is above or below a reference value. 19. Apparatus for indicating whether the current derived from a photovoltaic solar panel should be increased or decreased in order to maximize the output power supplied by the panel to a load, the panel having a family of curves for voltage versus current output parameters of the panel, the open circuit voltage of each curve in the family increasing as the level of incident solar energy on the panel increases for a predetermined temperature, said curves having a maximum power point, the curves having slopes with absolute values greater than one and less than one for currents respectively greater than and less than the maximum power point, comprising means for incrementally changing the load on the panel, whereby a change in the panel output voltage results from the change in load, the magnitude of the voltage change being dependent on the slope of the curve for the incident radiation and temperature and the load change, and means for indicating whether the change in the panel voltage resulting from the incremental load change is above or below a reference value, means responsive to the incremental load change for comparing the amplitude of the resulting change of the panel voltage with a reference value to indicate whether the slope absolute value is greater or less than one. 20. The apparatus of claim 19 wherein the reference value is indicative of the d.c. value of one of said parameters. 21. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the reference value is derived by means for monitoring the approximate d.c. value of the monitored parameter. 22. The apparatus of claim 19 wherein the d.c. value monitoring means includes means responsive to the d.c. output voltage of the panel, and means for attenuating virtually all variations in the d.c. panel output voltage as a result of the load change. 23. The apparatus of claim 21 wherein the monitored parameter is voltage. 24. The apparatus of claim 19 wherein the means for indicating includes means for monitoring one of the parameters of the panel to derive the reference value. 25. Apparatus for maximizing the power supplied by a photovoltaic solar panel to a load, the panel having a family of curves for voltage versus current output parameters of the panel, the open circuit voltage of each curve in the family increasing as the level of incident solar energy on the panel increases for a predetermined temperature, said curves having a maximum power point, the curves having slopes with absolute values greater than one and less than one for currents respectively greater than and less than the maximum power point, comprising an inverter connected between the panel and load for chopping the d.c. output of the panel into a pseudo-sinusoidal waveform, said inverter supplying increasing current and power from the panel to the load as the chopping frequency thereof increases, means responsive to one of the output parameters of the panel for controlling the frequency of the inverter so that the current and voltage derived by the panel are at the maximum power point for the solar energy incident on and the temperature of the panel, wherein the frequency controlling means includes means for sensing the slope of the curve, and means responsive to the sensed slope for controlling the frequency. 26. The apparatus of claim 25 wherein the slope sensing means includes means for incrementally changing the load on the panel whereby a change in the panel output voltage results from the change in the inverter frequency, the magnitude of the voltage change being dependent on the slope of the curve for the incident radiation and temperature and the load change, and means for indicating whether the change in the panel voltage resulting from the incremental load change is above or below a reference value. 27. The apparatus of claim 26 wherein the reference value is indicative of the d.c. output voltage of said panel. 28. The apparatus of claim 27 wherein the reference value is derived by means for monitoring the approximate d.c. output voltage of the panel. 29. The apparatus of claim 26 wherein the d.c. value monitoring means includes means responsive to the d.c. output voltage of the panel, and means for attenuating virtually all variations in the d.c. panel output voltage as a result of the load change. 30. The apparatus of claim 26 wherein the reference value is indicative of an output parameter of the panel. 31. The apparatus of claim 18, 20, 21, 22, 26, 27, 28 or 29 wherein the means for incrementally loading includes a resistive impedance in shunt with the panel, and means for incrementally changing the impedance from time to time. 32. A method of indicating whether the current derived from a photovoltaic solar panel should be increased or decreased in order to maximize the output power supplied by the panel to a load, the panel having a family of curves for voltage versus current output parameters of the panel, the open circuit voltage of each curve in the family increasing as the level of incident solar energy on the panel increases for a predetermined temperature, said curves having a maximum power point, the curves having slopes with absolute values greater than one and less than one for currents respectively greater than and less than the maximum power point, comprising responding to one of the parameters derived from the panel by incrementally changing the load on the panel to indicate whether the absolute value of the slope of the voltage versus current curve of the panel is greater or less than unity, the indicated slope absolute values being greater and less than unity respectively indicating that the current derived from the panel should be decreased and increased, and indicating whether the change in value of the monitored parameter in response to the incremental load change is above or below a reference value indicative of the value of one of said parameters. 33. In combination, a photovoltaic solar panel, an a.c. load of the type wherein power delivered to it increases as frequency delivered to it increases, the panel having a family of curves for voltage versus current output parameters of the panel, the open circuit voltage of each curve in the family increasing as the level of incident solar energy on the panel increases for a predetermined temperature, said curves having a maximum power point, the curves having slopes with absolute values greater than one and less than one for currents respectively greater than and less than the maximum power point, an inverter connected between the panel and load for chopping the d.c. output of the panel into a pseudo-sinusoidal waveform, said inverter supplying increasing current and power from the panel to the load as the chopping frequency thereof increases, means responsive to one of the output parameters of the panel for controlling the frequency of the inverter so that the current and voltage derived by the panel are at the maximum power point for the solar energy incident on and the temperture of the panel, wherein the frequency controlling means includes means for sensing the slope of the curve, and means responsive to the sensed slope for controlling the frequency. 34. The combination of claim 33 wherein the slope sensing means includes means for incrementally changing the load on the panel whereby a change in the panel output voltage results from the change in the inverter frequency, the magnitude of the voltage change being dependent on the slope of the curve for the incident radiation and temperature and the load change, and means for indicating whether the change in the panel voltage resulting from the incremental load change is above or below a reference value. 35. The combination of claim 34 wherein the reference value is indicative of the d.c. output voltage of said panel. 36. The combination of claim 34 wherein the reference value is derived by means for monitoring the approximate d.c. output voltage of the panel. 37. The combination of claim 36 wherein the d.c. value monitoring means includes means responsive to the d.c. output voltage of the panel, and means for attenuating virtually all variations in the d.c. panel output voltage as a result of the load change. 38. The combination of claim 34 wherein the reference value is indicative of an output parameter of the panel. 39. A method of indicating whether the current derived from a photovoltaic solar panel should be increased or decreased in order to enable the output power supplied by the panel to a load to be maximized, the panel having a family of curves for voltage versus current output parameters of the panel, the open circuit voltage of each curve in the family increasing as the level of incident solar energy on the panel increases for a predetermined temperature, said curves having a maximum power point, the curves having slopes with absolute values greater than one and less than one for currents respectively greater than and less than the maximum power point, comprising responding to one of the parameters derived from the panel by incrementally changing the load on the panel to indicate whether the absolute value of the slope of the voltage versus current curve of the panel is greater or less than unity, the indicated slope absolute values being greater and less than unity respectively indicating that the current derived from the panel should be decreased and increased. 40. The method of claim 39 wherein the slope is indicated by indicating whether the change in value of the monitored parameter in response to the incremental load change is above or below a reference value. 41. The method of claim 39 or 40 wherein the load is incrementally changed from time to time by changing the value of a resistive impedance shunting the panel. 42. The apparatus of claim 23 wherein the means for incrementally loading includes a resistive impedance in shunt with the panel, and means for incrementally changing the impedance from time to time. 