An energy converting assembly is provided for parasiting of light from a fluorescent light bulb utilizing a solar cell. The solar cell is mounted on a base member elongated in the dimension of elongation of the fluorescent bulb, and electrical interconnections to the cell are provided. A flexible sheet of opaque material having a flat white interior reflective surface surrounds the fluorescent bulb and reflects light emitted from the bulb back toward the bulb and the solar cell. The reflective sheet is tightly held in contact with the bottom of the bulb by adhesive, a tie strap, an external clip, or the like.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An energy converting assembly for attachment to an elongated light source, and comprising: a solar cell; an elongated base member to which said solar cell is mounted; electrical interconnections operatively attached to said solar cell; light reflective wrap means operatively connected to said base member for mounting said base member on an elongated light source with the dimension of elongation of the base member coextensive with the dimension of elongation of the elongated light source, said light reflective wrap means dimensioned so as to substantially surround the elongated light source along substantially the length of said base member in the dimension of elongation thereof; and means for holding said wrap means in place substantially surrounding the light source. 2. An assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said light reflective wrap means and said means for holding said wrap means in place comprise means for holding said solar cell tightly against a surface of the elongated light source. 3. An assembly as recited in claim 2 wherein said light reflective wrap means comprises at least one sheet of opaque flexible material having an inner surface thereof of reflective color. 4. An assembly as recited in claim 3 wherein said inner surface of said sheet of opaque flexible material is flat white. 5. An assembly as recited in claim 4 wherein said opaque flexible material is cardboard. 6. An assembly as recited in claim 4 wherein said opaque flexible material is plastic. 7. An assembly as recited in claim 5 wherein said means for holding said wrap means in place comprises an integral attachment of said base to said flexible sheet along one edge of each in the dimension of elongation of said base member, and a free edge of said flexible sheet substantially parallel to the edge thereof connected to said base member and having adhesive means associated therewith for attaching said free edge to said base member. 8. An assembly as recited in claim 5 wherein said means for holding said wrap means in place comprises a flexible clip engaging exterior surface portions of said flexible material. 9. An assembly as recited in claim 8 wherein said at least one sheet of flexible material comprises two sheets of flexible material, each having one edge thereof integral with said base member and another parallel free edge thereof, the free edges of said sheets overlapping when surrounding the elongated light source. 10. An assembly as recited in claim 8 further comprising a d.c. electric motor, and wherein said clip includes means for mounting said d.c. electric motor thereto; and further comprising electrical interconnections extending between said solar cell and said d.c. electric motor. 11. An assembly as recited in claim 6 wherein said plastic comprises a pair of clip portions, one extending integrally from each portion of said base member and integral therewith along one edge thereof, and having a free edge adjacent the free edge of the other clip portion; said clip portions having inherent spring bias and comprising said means for holding said wrap means in place. 12. An assembly as recited in claims 3 or 4 wherein said reflective wrap means extends beyond said solar cell at each end thereof in the dimension of elongation of said base member. 13. An assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said solar cell comprises a first solar cell, and further comprising at least one other solar cell mounted on said base member adjacent said first solar cell. 14. An assembly as recited in claim 13 wherein said reflective wrap means extends beyond said solar cells at each end thereof in the dimension of elongation of said base member. 15. An assembly as recited in claims 1 or 2 wherein said base member is rigid and thin, and said solar cell is mounted thereto by double-faced tape. 16. An assembly as recited in claims 1, 4, or 13 further comprising temperature resistant coating means on said solar cell for minimizing light reflection from the cell face. 17. An assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said light reflective wrap means comprises at least one sheet of opaque flexible material having an inner surface thereof of reflective color. 18. An assembly as recited in claim 17 wherein said opaque flexible material is cardboard. 19. An assembly as recited in claim 18 wherein said means for holding said wrap means in place comprises a flexible clip engaging exterior surface portions of said flexible material. 20. An assembly as recited in claim 19 wherein said at least one sheet of flexible material comprises two sheets of flexible material, each having one edge thereof integral with said base member and another parallel free edge thereof, the free edges of said sheets overlapping when surrounding the elongated light source. 21. An assembly as recited in claim 19 further comprising a d.c. electric motor, and wherein said clip comprises means for mounting said d.c. electric motor thereto; and further comprising electrical interconnections extending between said solar cell and said d.c. electric motor. 22. An assembly comprising: an elongated light source; a base member including a solar cell associated therewith, said base member elongated in the same dimension as said light source; reflective means substantially surrounding said light source along the length of said base member for reflecting substantially all the light impinging thereon back toward said light source and said solar cell; means for holding said solar cell tightly against a bottom surface of said light source with said reflecting means substantially surrounding said light source; and electrical connections operatively connected to said solar cell for carrying away electrical energy produced thereby. 23. An assembly as recited in claim 22 wherein said reflective means comprises at least one sheet of flexible opaque sheet material integral with said base member along one edge thereof in the dimension of elongation of said base member, and overlapping said solar cell at both ends thereof in the dimension of elongation of said base member. 24. An assembly as recited in claim 23 wherein said sheet has an inner surface that is flat white. 25. An assembly as recited in claims 23 or 24 wherein said sheet is composed, at least in part, of cardboard. 26. An assembly as recited in claim 25 wherein said holding means includes said at least one sheet. 27. An assembly as recited in claims 26 or 23 wherein said holding means comprises a flexible clip engaging exterior portions of said reflective means. 28. An assembly as recited in claim 27 further comprising a d.c. electric motor, and wherein said clip comprises means for mounting said d.c. electric motor thereto; and further comprising electrical interconnections extending between said solar cell and said d.c. electric motor. 