Disclosed is an expandable panel and truss structure capable of being stowed in a storage container (canister) for transportation into space and deployed to form structures such as antennas, solar panels or similar space or terrestial structures. The antenna formed comprises the panels stored as hinged pairs (sets) folded in accordian-like fashion together with the expandable trusses and other devices necessary for antenna space operation, such as attitude control and antenna feed. The panel sets are deployed from the canister to form a toroidal ring, circular in cross-section when deployed, for supporting the antenna lens and to form a feed support boom utilizing the canister as part of the antenna structure. The canister is connected to the ring and support boom in the deployed state by the expandable trusses. A fully automatic system is included for deploying the antenna and for holding the antenna structure in its deployed state. By adding a second (back) boom and reflector screen, a paraboloidal antenna is formed. In a second embodiment, utilizing the same storage and deployment principle but with panel sets which are triangular in cross-section, when deployed, either an offset (asymmetrical) paraboloidal or a feed horn type antenna structure is formed. In another embodiment of the invention, utilizing the same principle and with panel sets which are triangular in cross-section, when deployed, a solar panel array is formed. Also disclosed is a foldable truss geostationary platform and package for transfer into a geostationary orbit. Finally, an alternate mechanism is disclosed in the form of a pantograph for deploying panel sets to form a truss.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An expandable panel/truss system wherein a plurality of panels are alternately folded in an accordian-like stack as panel sets in a storage container for transporting into space for deployment to form space structures, the improvement comprising: truss means in the form of a ring formed by deployed unfolded panels emanating from said storage container which forms a selected geometric configuration outlining a space; said storage container forming part of said geometric configuration; and means folded in said storage containers and unfolded and deployed with said truss means to fill the space outlined by said geometric configuration said panel sets are panel pairs which when deployed are circular in cross-section. 2. The system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said selected geometric configuration is an aperture and further including: a first means for connecting said ring to said storage container; the first and last of said deployed panels being connected to said storage container to form said ring; a feed support boom formed by said deployed panels emanating from said storage container; and wherein said folded means forms an antenna lens covering said aperature. 3. The system as claimed in claim 2 wherein said lens is formed by a membrane folded in accordian-like fashion and connected to said ring panels and deployed by deployment of said ring panels. 4. The system as claimed in claim 3 further including deployment linkages for deploying and guiding said panels from said storage container for forming said ring and support boom. 5. The system as claimed in claim 4 further including tethering means for guiding and completing said ring and for holding said ring in engagement with said means for connecting said ring to said storage container. 6. The system as claimed in claim 5 wherein said panels have support racks for aiding in the deployment of said panels, and brake and dampening means including sprockets engaging said support racks for controlling deployment of said panels. 7. The system as claimed in claim 6 further including indexing and stack advance means for deploying said panels, one pair of said panels at a time from said storage container. 8. The system as claimed in claim 7 wherein said means for connecting said panels to said storage container include expandable truss means stowed for transportation in said storage container and expanded in space to a deployed condition upon deployment of said panels. 9. The system as claimed in claim 8 further including hanger means deployed upon deployment of said ring panels for unfurling said lens within said aperture upon full deployment of said ring panels. 10. The system as claimed in claim 9 further including mounting brackets stowable in said storage container and deployed and positioned at preselected places on said ring upon deployment of said ring panels, attitude control means on said mounting brackets, attitude control means on said storage container which together with said attitude control means on said ring, form control means for controlling the attitude of said antenna. 11. The system as claimed in claim 10 further including a second boom formed of deployable boom panels and extending in a direction opposite to said feed support boom and connected to said storage container, and guide wire means attached at the end of said second boom and to said ring to form said ring into a paraboloid configuration. 12. The system as claimed in claim 11 further including a second boom formed of deployable panels and extending into a direction opposite said feed support boom and connected to said storage container, a guide screen connected to said deployed ring, and tensioning means connected to one end of said second boom and to said guide screen for forming said boom into a paraboloid configuration. 13. A system for forming an antenna comprising a plurality of elements stowable in a storage container for transportation into space by a space vehicle and deployable in space from said storage container, the improvement wherein, some of said stowable elements comprise one half cylinder ring panel pairs hinged at their top and bottom to each other to form when deployed a torus and hinged on both side edges to form a connection to said first panel pairs, said panel pairs first folded along the side edges with each other and with adjacent panel pairs and then rotated about their top and bottom edge hinges into relatively flat panels under stress and stowed within a canister in said storage container, the last of said folded panel pairs being the first to emerge from said storage container upon deployment, the hinge clevises along said side edges nesting with adjacent hinge clevises of adjacent panel pairs to form a single hinge axes when in stowed condition, means for retaining said folded panel pairs in said storage container, folded boom panel pairs identical to said ring folded panel pairs stowed in a second canister of said storage container, and some of said stowable elements comprising means in the form of expandable trusses for connecting said ring panel pairs and said boom panel pairs to said storage container upon deployment of said panels from said storage container. 14. The system as claimed in claim 13 wherein one of said connecting means is stowed first in said storage container and connected to the last to be deployed of said ring panel pairs, a second of said connecting means also stowed in said storage container and connected to the first to be deployed of said ring panel pairs, a second of said connecting means also stowed in said canister and connected to said first to be deployed ring panel pairs, means for deploying said ring panel pairs by deploying said panel pairs successively one at a time allowing said panel pairs to assume a circle in cross section and to guide said panel pairs as they are deployed in alignment with said storage container to form said ring and to connect the first to be deployed of said panel pairs to said second connecting means whereby an antenna ring is formed with said container as a part thereof, some of said stowable elements comprising third and fourth connecting means, and said third connecting means being stowed first in said canister adjacent the last to be deployed of said boom panel pairs, said fourth connecting means being stowed in said canister and connected to the first to be deployed of said boom panel pairs. 15. The system as claimed in claim 14 further including means for aligning and guiding said boom panel pairs from said canister to form a feed support boom circular in cross section for supporting an antenna feed and attitude control means at one end thereof centrally located with respect to the center axis of said ring, and other of said stowable elements comprising an antenna lens membrane means folded in accordian like fashion in said storage container and connected to said ring panel pairs for deployment therewith and to form a lens for said antenna. 16. The system as claimed in claim 15 wherein said connecting means further includes means for connecting the first of said ring panel pairs and the last of said ring panel pairs to be deployed to the last of the boom panel pairs to be deployed. 17. The system as claimed in claim 16 further including attitude control means located on said ring panel pairs and on the end of said feed support boom for controlling the attitude of said antenna in space. 18. The system as claimed in claim 17 wherein said deployment means include linkage means connected to said storage container, brake and dampening means on said linkage means, and sprocket means interconnected with said hinge means along said top and bottom of said panel pairs and cooperating with said brake and dampening means to deploy and control the deployment of the first, second, and third of said panel pairs as they emerge from said storage container. 19. The system as claimed in claim 18 wherein another of said stowable elements comprise tethering means, said tethering means being stowed adjacent said second connecting means and connecting the first to be deployed of said ring panel pairs from said storage means to guide the first of said ring panel pairs in a circle and to draw and contain and connect said first of said panel pairs to the second connecting means thus forming a ring. 20. The system as claimed in claim 19 further including means for incrementally releasing said stowed panel pairs one panel pair at a time for engagment by said deployment means. 21. The system as claimed in claim 20 wherein said means for incrementally deploying said panel pairs one at a time comprises dogs located on rotatable lead screw shafts, keyways in said panel pairs, the keyways in each panel pair being oriented 90.degree. from the keyway in each successive panel pair while stowed in said storage container whereby rotation of said lead screw shafts in increments of 90.degree. will clock and release said panel pairs incrementally from said storage container, and means for rotating said lead screw shafts in increments of 90.degree.. 22. The system as claimed in claim 21 further including stack advance means moveable upon rotation of said lead screw shafts for urging said panel pairs from said canister. 23. The system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said panel sets when deployed are triangular in cross-section and wherein said truss means forms a paraboloid and said outlined space is an aperture and further including, means for connecting said paraboloid to said storage container, the last of said deployed panels being connected to said storage container, the first of said deployed panels being the last of said deployed panels to form a triangle in cross-section, a feed support boom formed by deployed panels emanating from said storage container, and wherein said folded means forma a reflector screen covering said aperture. 24. The system as claimed in claim 23 wherein the last of said deployed panels of said paraboloid form the means for guiding and completing the paraboloid to its final configuration. 25. The system as claimed in claim 24 wherein said reflector screen is foled in accordian-like fashion and connected to said paraboloid and deployed by the deployment of said panels. 26. The system as claimed in claim 25 further including a second boom formed of deployable panels and extending in a direction opposite to said feed support boom and connected to said storage container, and guy wire means is attached at one end of said second boom and to said reflector screen to control the contour of said reflector screen. 27. The system as claimed in claim 26 further including tensioning means located at one end of said second boom and to said guy wire means for forming said reflector screen into the desired configuration. 28. The system as claimed in claim 23 further including an additional panel set which when deployed are triangular in cross-section and wherein said truss means forms a ring which outlines an additional space and wherein said additional outline space is an aperture, and wherein the first of said panels to be deployed to form said ring is the last of said panels to be expanded into a triangular configuration in cross-section. 29. The system as claimed in claim 28 wherein said feed support boom is provided with a tensioning device and further including, guy wires connected between said canister and said tensioning device and connected to said feed support boom to control the curvature of said feed support boom. 30. The system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said panel sets when deployed form truss means which is triangular in cross-section and wherein said outline space is a rectangle and wherein said folded means comprises a blanket containing a plurality of solar panels. 31. The system as claimed in claim 30 wherein said truss means comprises four truss panels located at each end of said rectangle and wherein said storage container is separable from its original configuration and forms the corners of said rectangle. 32. The system as claimed in claim 31 wherein the truss means comprises a first pair of said truss means which are deployed first and a second pair of said truss means which are deployed secondly from each end of said first deployed truss means. 33. The system as claimed in claim 32 wherein said storage container is one of a plurality of storage containers and wherein said truss means is one of several truss means linked together to form a plurality of solar arrays. 34. The system as claimed in claim 1 further including deployment means for said truss means said deployment means comprising a pantograph means. 35. An expandable panel/truss system comprising a plurality of panels alternately folded in an accordian-like stack in a storage container for transportation into space for deployment to form space structures, the improvement comprising, truss means formed by deployed unfolded panels emanating from a storage container to form a selected geometric configuration, said storage container forming part of said geometric configuration, one of said panels forming the top cover of said storage container and forming together with said storage container the means for deploying said truss means and defining the geometrical configuration, and means folded in said storage container and unfolded and deployed with said truss means to fill the space outlined by said geometric configuration. 36. An expandable panel truss system wherein a plurality of panels are alternately folded in an accordian-like stack as panel sets in a storage container for transportation into space for deployment to form space structures, the improvement comprising, truss means formed by deployed unfolded panels emanating from said storage container to form a selected geometric configuration, said panel sets being deployed in sets of three and which, when deployed, are triangular in cross section, one of said sets of three panels being formed of pairs of sub-panels foldable when stored in nested relationship with the other two of the three panels, deployable hinge means on said folded panels including means to unfold said panels to form said triangular configuration, and means for locking said sub-panels in deployed unfolded condition. 37. The system as claimed in claim 36 wherein said means for unfolding and locking said sub-panels in unfolded condition comprises a linkage means and torque responsive means. 38. The system as claimed in claim 36 wherein said means for unfolding and locking said sub-panels in unfolded condition comprises spring means actuating said sub-panel hinge means and further including pantograph means for deploying said sets of three panels. 39. The system as claimed in claim 36 wherein said truss panels define a ring and wherein means are folded in a storage container and unfolded and deployed with said truss means to fill the space outlined by a geometric configuration and wherein said folded means forms antenna lens covering the space defined by said geometric configuration. 40. The system as claimed in claim 36 wherein said truss means forms rings for defining an antenna ring and other of said truss means define platforms extendable from said space vehicle. 41. The system as claimed in claim 36 wherein said storage container is separable to form corners for a rectangular configuration and further including means foldable in said storage container and unfoldable with the deployment of said truss means and said storage container separation to form a support within the rectangular configuration for solar arrays. 