An all season window includes a rectilinear peripherally extending pane mounting frame. Three panes of transparent material are secured sealingly within the frame in parallel spaced relationship and extend vertically. A solar heat ray absorbent material is contained within the frame. In one preferred form of the invention the middle of the three panes comprises the solar heat ray absorbent material and a discrete amount of heat absorbent liquid is included within the frame. A pump and associated motor is provided for pumping the heat absorbent liquid between a first location in which it fills the region between the outer and intermediate panes and a second location in which the liquid fills the region between the inner and intermediate panes. In its described first location solar heat rays are absorbed by the middle pane and a dead air space between the liquid and the closed environment sought to be provided with climatic control inhibits conduction of heat to such closed environment while the liquid conducts heat received from the middle pane through the outer pane to the outside environment. Such an arrangement of the heat ray absorbent liquid within the pane mounting frame is desirable during summer months. During winter months when it is desirable to minimize a loss of heat from the closed environment the heat ray absorbent liquid is moved to the region between the inner pane and the intermediate pane.
Claims Having thus set forth the nature of the invention, what is claimed herein is: 1. An all season window comprising: a peripherally extending pane mounting frame mounting said window in an exterior wall of a structure having an interior space; first, second and third panes of essentially rigid transparent sheet material mounted sealingly and fixedly within said frame in spaced parallel relationship each to the other, said second pane being interposed between said first and third panes, said second pane comprising solar heat ray absorbent material; a discrete amount of heat absorbent liquid maintained either at a first location between said first and second panes to minimize transfer of heat from absorbed solar energy to said interior space or at a second location between said second and third panes to provide said heat to said interior, said discrete amount being sufficient to substantially fill only one of said locations at a time; and means for selectively moving said heat absorbent liquid between said first and second locations. 2. A window according to claim 1, including a second frame peripherally enclosing at least the upper and lower portions of said pane mounting frame, said second frame including first and second releasably connectable sections. 3. A window according to claim 2, including through bolt means extendable through said first and second sections for connecting said first and second sections along a plane which extends generally parallel to the said panes. 4. A window according to claim 1, 2 or 3 wherein said means for moving said heat absorbent liquid comprises a pump, motor means, a first conduit connecting said first location to said pump and a second conduit connecting said section location to said pump. 