A solar powered lighting system including a light emitting unit electrically connected to a rechargeable power storage unit, a solar powered recharger connected to that power storage unit, means to prevent discharge of that power storage unit through the solar powered recharger, means to prevent overcharging of the power storage unit, means to prevent discharging the power storage unit below a predetermined level and means to automatically connect the disconnect the light emitting unit from the power storage unit wherein the voltage output of the solar powered recharger and the power storage unit is matched to the voltage required by the light emitting unit.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar powered lighting system comprising: a plurality of photoemitting semiconductor means for emitting visible light upon application of a potential; a rechargeable power supply means operably connected to said photoemitting semiconductor means for applying a potential to said photoemitting semiconductor means; solar powered means operably connected to said power supply means and said solar powered means operate at approximately same potential. 2. A solar powered lighting system as in claim 1 wherein: said plurality of photoemitting semiconductor means comprises a plurality of serially connected light emitting diodes. 3. A solar powered lighting system as in claim 1 further comprising: means to mount a plurality of said photoemitting semiconductor devices in a plurality of electrically connected parallel banks, each bank containing a plurality of serially connected photoemitting devices. 4. A solar powered lighting system as in claim 3 wherein: said mounting means comprises a printed circuit board having a plurality of conductive paths formed on one side thereof and means for mounting said photoemitting means on the other side thereof; and, having a plurality of through holes allowing electrical connections to be made from said conductive paths to said photoemitting means. 5. A solar powered lighting system as in claim 4 wherein: said photo-emitting means are mounted on said printed circuit board in longitudinally extending parallel disposed banks, each bank containing a plurality of electrically serially connected photoemitting means; and means for electrically connecting said banks in parallel such that each bank may be separated from the remaining banks by breaking the printed circuit boards longitudinally between the banks. 6. A solar powered lighting system for an advertising sign comprising: a plurality of photoemitting semiconductor means for emitting visible light upon application of a potential; a rechargeable power supply means operably connected to said photoemitting means for applying a potential to said photoemitting means; solar powered means operably connected to said power supply means for recharging said power supply wherein said photoemitting means, said power supply means and said solar powered means operate at approximately same potential; and, means for mounting said plurality of photoemitting semiconductor means in the form of alphabetic and numeric characters. 7. A solar powered lighting system for an advertising sign as in claim 6 wherein said means for mounting comprises: a first member formed in the shape of an alpha-numeric character; a second member circumscribing that first member at the periphery thereof and extending perpendicularly thereto thereby forming an alpha-numeric character of U-shaped cross-section; and, means for mounting said photoemitting means on said first member. 8. A solar powered lighting system for an advertising sign as in claim 6 wherein said means for mounting comprises: an alpha-numeric character having a concave surface and means for securing said photo-emitting means at the base of said concave surface. 