A lighting system utilizing the sunlight comprising in general an optical system for focusing the sun rays at a point, an optical transmission line consisting of optical conductor means with light diffusion holes for transmitting therethrough the focused sun rays to at least one desired point, and an optical system for redistributing the sun rays transmitted through the optical transmission line into at least one desired space or spot.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar lighting system, comprising: at least one optical fiber light distribution means comprising (i) an optically transparent core having a lateral surface, a light receiving end and another end remote therefrom, and having a refractive index such that the light is reflected toward the surface thereof at predetermined points, (ii) an optical cladding layer substantially surrounding said core for cooperating with said core to confine light being transmitted through said fiber, to said core, and (iii) a plurality of light diffusion holes disposed at said predetermined points in said cladding intermediate said ends for permitting light to escape from said core, each of said holes being filled with a transparent optical medium having a larger refractive index than that of said core; and optical lens means for coupling sunlight into the light receiving end of said light distribution means. 2. A lighting system according to claim 1, wherein said transparent optical medium directs the escaping light in a particular direction. 3. A lighting system according to claim 1, wherein the transparent optical medium in at least one of said holes scatters the escaping light. 4. The lighting system according to claim 1, 2 or 3, wherein said core is circular in cross-section over at least a part of its length. 5. A lighting system according to claim 1, 2, or 3, further comprising an auxiliary light source disposed at the light receiving end of said core for use when there is no sunlight. 6. The lighting system according to claim 5, further comprising light reflective means disposed at said other end of said core for reflecting light back toward said light receiving end thereof. 7. A lighting system according to claim 5, wherein said light distribution means comprises a number of optical fibers each having said core and cladding layer, each fiber having an end terminating at one of said predetermined points for radiating light therefrom. 8. A lighting system according to claim 5, further comprising a light exit at said other end of said core and a light sensor disposed thereat for monitoring light propagation conditions and controlling said light source responsive thereto. 9. A lighting system according to claim 1, 2, or 3, wherein said core comprises an optically transparent thin film. 10. The solar lighting system of claim 1 comprising a plurality of optical lens means, each of which couples the sunlight to one of a plurality of optical collectors, each of said optical collectors being optically connected to each of a plurality of optical connectors associated with each of a plurality of optical fiber light distribution means whereby each light distribution means receives sunlight from all of said lenses and collectors. 