Automatic welding apparatus is provided for welding contact tabs to solar lls which are particularly adapted for use in space vehicular solar generators. The apparatus comprises a plurality of welding electrodes arranged to extend across the direction of movement of a solar cell conveying table. The electrodes are movable in two directions perpendicular to each other and both perpendicular to the direction of movement of the conveying table. Furthermore, the apparatus is provided with the capacity for controlling the conveying table to effect automatic positioning of welding points on the solar cells beneath the welding electrodes, high-power current supply for enabling control of the welding current applied to the electrode heads, a protective gas line for feeding each of the electrode heads, an ohmmeter for monitoring the effective contact resistance of each of the welding points, a device for enabling individual visual inspection of the welds produced by each of the electrode heads, and a program control for monitoring the operational parameters of the apparatus, including the number of welds produced, the welding period, the voltage and current, and other parameters whereby the operation of the apparatus may be appropriately managed.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Automatic welding apparatus for welding contact tabs to solar cells which are particularly adapted for use in space vehicular solar generators comprising: a plurality of welding electrodes including electrode heads having individually controlled contact pressure means; a solar cell conveying table movable in a given direction for moving solar cells through a welding station past said welding electrodes; said electrode heads being arranged to extend across said conveying table; means for moving said electrode heads in a first and a second direction perpendicular to each other, said first and second directions both being perpendicular to said given direction of movement of said conveying table; means for controlling said conveying table to effect automatic positioning of welding points on said solar cells beneath said welding electrodes; high-powered current supply means for enabling control of welding current supplied to said electrode heads; protective gas line means feeding each of said electrode heads; ohmmeter means for monitoring the effective contact resistance at each of said welding points; means for enabling individual visual inspection of welds produced by each of said electrode heads; and program control means for monitoring operational parameters of said apparatus for effecting management of operational functions thereof. 2. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said electrode heads are equipped with air-gap electrodes each of which comprise a copper electrode and a high impedence tungsten electrode. 3. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said electrode heads are individually interchangeable. 4. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said visual inspection means comprise television equipment. 5. Apparatus according to claims 1 or 4 further including means for recording observations made as a result of said visual inspection means. 6. Apparatus according to claim 1 further comprising a register including identifier means for storing all monitored parameters of said apparatus including consequent reactions. 7. Apparatus according to claim 6 further including stepped motor means including a spindle for driving said solar cell conveying table. 8. Apparatus according to claim 7 further comprising spring-loaded pneumatic means for effecting vertical movement of said welding electrodes and a stepped motor including a spindle for effecting horizontal movement of said welding electrodes, said vertical and horizontal movements consisting of movement of said electrode heads in said first and said second directions. 