A gas flow volume corrector mounted on a flow meter is provided with a microprocessor which calculates a corrected volume each time the meter measures a unit volume of flowing gas. Customer supplied data as to base conditions, specific gravity and gas composition are utilized to calculate supercompressibility values. These values are then processed to provide a plurality of constants which define calculation equations. The constants are stored in the corrector on a diode matrix card or PROM and are utilized each time the meter measures a unit volume of flowing gas for calculating the corrected volume. To conserve memory space, integer arithmetic, rather than floating point arithmetic, is utilized in the calculations.
Claims We claim: 1. Apparatus for recording the volume of gas flowing through a conduit, each measured unit volume being corrected to a base volume at given base conditions of base pressure and base temperature, said apparatus comprising: means for measuring the volume of the flowing gas and providing a volume pulse in response to measuring said unit volume; means responsive to said volume pulse for measuring the temperature of the flowing gas and providing a first electrical signal corresponding thereto; means responsive to said volume pulse for measuring the pressure of the flowing gas and providing a second electrical signal corresponding thereto; means for storing a first plurality of constant values; means responsive to said volume pulse for utilizing said stored first plurality of constant values and the measured pressure and temperature values to calculate a second constant value; means responsive to said volume pulse for utilizing said stored first plurality of constant values and the measured pressure value to calculate a third plurality of constant values; means for utilizing said calculated third plurality of constant values and the measured pressure and temperature values to calculate a supercompressibility factor; means for utilizing said supercompressibility factor and said second calculated constant value to calculate a correction factor; means for deriving a corrected volume from the measured volume and the correction factor; a counter; means for converting said corrected volume into an integral number of increments for said counter plus a remainder; means for storing said remainder; and means for incrementing said counter by said integral number of increments; whereby a measured unit volume is corrected and recorded for every volume pulse. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said converting means adds the previously stored remainder to the corrected volume prior to the conversion. 3. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the storing means includes an interchangeable diode matrix board. 4. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the storing means includes a programmable read only memory. 5. The apparatus according to claim 1 further including a display and an operator actuable switching element, said apparatus responding to actuation of said switching element for activating said display to display the pressure of the flowing gas. 6. The apparatus according to claim 1 further including a display and an operator actuable switching element, said apparatus responding to actuation of said switching element for activating said display to display the temperature of the flowing gas. 7. The apparatus according to claim 1 further including a display and an operator actuable switching element, said apparatus responding to actuation of said switching element for calculating the correction factor utilizing predetermined values for the temperature and pressure of the flowing gas and activating said display to display the calculated correction factor. 8. The apparatus according to claim 1 further including a display and an operator actuable switching element, said apparatus responding to actuation of said switching element for calculating the correction factor utilizing the measured pressure and temperature values and activating said display to display the calculated correction factor. 9. The apparatus according to claim 1 further including an operator actuable switching element, said apparatus responding to actuation of said switching element for incrementing said counter. 10. The apparatus according to claims 5 or 6 further including: means for establishing range limits for the temperature and pressure of the flowing gas; a latch; means responsive to either the temperature or pressure going outside its respective range for setting said latch; means responsive to actuation of said switching element when said latch is set for activating said display to display a fault indication; a second operator actuable switching element; and means responsive to actuation of said second switching element for resetting said latch. 11. The apparatus according to claims 5, 6, 7 or 8 wherein said display and said operator actuable switching element are contained in a separate test unit and further including means for coupling said test unit to said apparatus and means for supplying power to said test unit through said coupling means. 12. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein all calculations are performed by a programmed digital computer utilizing integer arithmetic. 13. The apparatus according to claim 1 further including a battery adapted to power the apparatus and means connected between the battery and the apparatus for applying battery power to the apparatus only in response to said volume pulse. 14. The apparatus according to claim 13 wherein said battery is rechargeable, said apparatus further including means for recharging said battery. 15. The apparatus according to claim 14 wherein said recharging means is solar actuated. 16. The apparatus according to claim 13 further including means for monitoring the condition of said battery and means responsive to the battery condition being unsatisfactory for inhibiting all calculations by said apparatus. 17. The apparatus according to claim 16 further including means for providing a visual indication when the battery condition is unsatisfactory. 