A solar boiler whereby the rays of the sun are reflected off of variable numbering discreet mirror sections onto a central metal disc. A fan placed in the diffuser at the end of the distribution hose directs the heated air. A tracking system, powered by solar cells and coordinated by clocks assures maximum efficiency by allowing for constant sun path adjustments.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar boiler comprising: a solar reflector; reflector sections constituting the periphery of said solar reflector; mirror supports defining the longitudinal boundaries of said reflector sections; mirrors mounted on the inner surfaces of said mirror supports; a disc located at the central point of said solar reflector; a plurality of holes in said disc; a receiving box adjacent to said disc; a means for causing said reflector to continuously track the sun's rays and focus said rays on said disk, whereby said disk is heated; a fluid distribution hose attached to said receiving box; a means for moving a fluid through said fluid distribution hose from said disk to a diffuser attached to the other end of said fluid distribution hose, whereby said fluid will transfer heat from said disk to the ambient into which said diffuser discharges said fluid, wherein said solar reflector is attached to vertical supports at a pivot point and said vertical supports are fixed to a revolving base which is further attached to a mounting base; and wherein said means for causing said reflector to continuously tract the sun's rays, is a first motor for tilting said reflector with respect to said vertical supports, a rod attached to said first motor, a hinged point which is fixed to end of said rod, a second motor for revolving said solar reflector with respect to said mounting base, a first pulley mounted to said second motor, a second pulley secured to said mounting base, and a pulley belt connecting said first pulley to said second pulley. 2. A solar boiler as in claim 1, wherein there are solar cells attached to said mounting base for supplying the power for operating said first motor and said second motor. 3. A solar boiler as in claim 2, wherein said distribution hose is flexible and means for moving a fluid through said fluid distribution hose is a fan mounted internally in the said diffuser. 4. A solar boiler as in claim 2, wherein at least one of said motors is a synchronous clocks powered by a conventional alternating current source. 5. A solar boiler as in claim 3, wherein said vertical supports are rigid, said revolving base is circular in shape, said mounting base is rigid, and said rod is rigid. 6. A solar boiler as in claim 5, wherein said first pulley is small and said second pulley is large. 