A vehicle monitor (10) apparatus for monitoring vehicles (14) in a monitoring location (17). A vehicle unit (12) mountable in a vehicle includes circuitry (21) for transmitting, on a continuous repetitive basis, information characterizing the vehicle and unique thereto. In addition, a monitoring unit (16) mountable at the monitoring location includes circuitry (33) for receiving information transmitted by the vehicle unit. Such monitoring circuitry includes an infrared light receiver (29) and a preamplifier with ambient light compensation circuitry (100) connected thereacross.
Claims The embodiments of the invention in which an exclusive property or privilege is claimed are defined as follows: 1. In a vehicle monitor apparatus for monitoring vehicles in a monitoring location, a monitoring unit comprising a photoelectric infrared receiver and an infrared receiver circuit driven thereby, said receiver circuit comprising a high gain preamplifier with a first input driven by said photoelectric receiver and an ambient light compensation feedback path connected from the output of said preamplifier to said photoelectric receiver and preamplifier first input for holding low the voltage across the photoelectric receiver by closed loop feedback during high light levels. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 in which said ambient light compensation feedback path includes an ambient compensation amplifier of low voltage gain and high current gain driven at a first input by a low frequency component of said preamplifier output and in turn connected by a low frequency network to said photoelectric receiver where the latter drives said preamplifier first input. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 including a DC reference voltage source connected to second inputs of said preamplifier and ambient compensation amplifier, and including a frequency responsive network at the first input of said ambient compensation amplifier for feeding thereto signals of frequency sufficiently low as to correspond to the frequency of variation of ambient light while limiting feeding of higher frequency signals thereto, said low frequency network comprising a low resistance inductor connected in series with a resistor between said photoelectric receiver and the output of said ambient compensation amplifier and with a capacitor connected from a point between said resistor and inductor to a grounded side of said photoelectric receiver, said resistor and capacitor constituting a noise filter. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 in which said ambient compensation amplifier comprises an amplifier unit driving the base of an emitter-follower power driver transistor, and including a negative feedback network comprising in parallel resistor and capacitor arranged for high frequency roll-off and connected from the second input of said ambient compensation amplifier to the emitter of said driver transistor. 5. The apparatus of claim 3 including a first feedback resistor connected across the output and inverting input of said preamplifier for providing high gain at low current level, an RC feedback network connected in parallel with said feedback resistor across said preamplifier and with the capacitant portion thereof grounded for substantially reducing the low frequency gain of said preamplifier by providing a large DC negative feedback therethrough but small high frequency AC negative feedback, and a high frequency roll-off feedback capacitor connected across said feedback resistor and sized to act on frequencies above that applied by said photoelectric infrared receiver. 6. The apparatus of claim 2 including an AC coupled amplifier driven by said preamplifier and including a diode feedback network across said amplifier to limit the peak-to-peak AC output thereof to less than a predetermined voltage, and demodulating means including a negative and positive peak detectors driven by the output of said amplifier and providing out-of-phase modulation signals applied to the inputs of a ground referenced differential amplifier, said preamplifier driving said amplifier at a carrier frequency modulated by an information signal for providing information regarding the monitored vehicle. 7. In a vehicle monitor apparatus for monitoring vehicles in a monitoring location, the combination comprising: a vehicle unit mountable in a vehicle and including means for transmitting, on a continuous repetitive basis, information characterizing the vehicle; and a monitoring unit mountable at said monitoring location and including means for receiving information transmitted by said vehicle unit, said transmitting means including means for producing a data pulse train digitally encoding said information characterizing the vehicle, a timer means for producing a carrier frequency signal of frequency greater than that of said data pulse train, means modulating said carrier by turning same on and off in accord with pulses from said data pulse train, and means applying the data modulated carrier to an infrared emitting member located on said vehicle to be seen from said ground station, said vehicle unit including odometer means for generating pulses in number proportional to miles traveled by the vehicle, fuel level means for generating a time interval proportional to fuel remaining in the vehicle fuel tank, and vehicle identification means establishing a vehicle identification code, said means for producing a data pulse train including means for encoding data indicating miles traveled, fuel level and vehicle identification number. 8. In a vehicle monitor apparatus for monitoring vehicles in a monitoring location, the combination comprising: a vehicle unit mountable in a vehicle and including means for transmitting, on a continuous repetitive basis, information characterizing the vehicle; and a monitoring unit mountable at said monitoring location and including means for receiving information transmitted by said vehicle unit, said vehicle unit including means for producing a data pulse train digitally encoding said information characterizing the vehicle, and means for producing signals related to vehicle mileage and fuel tank level, said pulse train producing means including a microprocessor unit storing a vehicle identification number and including mileage register means and fuel register means sequentially updated from said signal producing means for serially outputting vehicle identification number, mileage and fuel on a continuous loop basis. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 including means for inputting to said microprocessor the initial mileage of the vehicle at the time of installation of the vehicle unit on the vehicle. 10. The apparatus of claim 8 in which said microprocessor has an interrupt input connected to said mileage signal producing means. 11. The apparatus of claim 8 in which said fuel signal producing means includes means for generating a voltage proportional to fuel level, means generating a voltage ramp, means comparing said fuel level voltage with said voltage ramp and producing a signal of time length proportional to fuel level for updating said fuel register. 12. The apparatus of claim 8 including a power supply having a first voltage supply connected through the ignition switch of the vehicle to the vehicle battery for supplying power to said vehicle unit while the vehicle is operating, and a second voltage supply connected directly to said vehicle battery and connected to supply operating potential to said microprocessor to keep alive mileage and fuel data in the registers thereof when the vehicle ignition switch is shut off. 13. In a vehicle monitor apparatus for monitoring vehicles in a monitoring location, the combination comprising: a vehicle unit mountable in a vehicle and including means for transmitting, on a continuous repetitive basis, information characterizing the vehicle; and a monitoring unit mountable at said monitoring location and including means for receiving information transmitted by said vehicle unit, said moitoring unit including a photoelectric infrared receiver and an infrared receiver circuit driven thereby and comprising a high gain preamplifier with a first input driven by said photoelectric receiver and an ambient light compensation feedback path connected from the output of said preamplifier to said photoelectric receiver and preamplifier first input for holding low the voltage across the photoelectric receiver by closed loop feedback during high light levels. 14. The apparatus of claim 13 in which said ambient light compensation feedback path includes an ambient compensation amplifier of low voltage gain and high current gain driven by a low frequency component of said preamplifier output and in turn connected by a low frequency network to said photoelectric receiver where the latter drives said preamplifier first input. 15. The apparatus of claim 13 including an AC coupled amplifier connected to the output of said preamplifier and driving negative and positive peak detectors having frequency responsive means for averaging the high frequency peaks and providing a detected modulation signal, said photoelectric infrared receiver receiving a pulse modulated carrier signal, said modulation signal from said peak detectors constituting said information characterizing said vehicle. 16. In a vehicle monitor apparatus for monitoring vehicles in a monitoring location, the combination comprising: a vehicle unit mountable in a vehicle and including means for transmitting, on a continuous repetitive basis, information characterizing the vehicle; and a monitoring unit mountable at said monitoring location and including means for receiving information transmitted by said vehicle unit, said monitoring unit including receiver circuit means for reproducing a data pulsed train digitally encoding said information characterizing the vehicle and transmitted by said means for transmitting in said vehicle unit, said receiving means further including a ground station processor circuit comprising microprocessor means, a member to be controlled in response to identification of a vehicle, a control circuit including a first path for applying said data pulse train to an input of said microprocessor, said control circuit including a second path incorporating a latch means responsive to lack of a data pulse train for maintaining said controlled member in a rest state, said latch having input connected to said microprocessor means and responsive to approval by said microprocessor means of said data pulse train for setting the latch and thereby switching said controlled member to a nonrest state indicating passage of a properly identified vehicle, said microprocessor means having a further input responsive to the set condition of said latch means for preventing further reading of data from the same vehicle, said control circuit including time delay means responsive to discontinuance of data pulse trains at the input of said control circuit for a minimum delay time sufficient to permit a vehicle to leave the monitoring location, to thereafter reset said latch and thereby return said controlled member to its rest condition to ready said receiving means for arrival of a further vehicle. 17. The apparatus of claim 16 in which said monitoring units include the data terminal having a keyboard, said receiving means including an interface circuit connected between said data terminal and said microprocessor, said interface circuit having a first part for transmitting data to said data terminal carrying said information characterizing the vehicle, said interface circuit having a second part for loading of the initial mileage of a vehicle from said data terminal keyboard through said microprocessor to the data output thereof, and a cable connection temporarily connectible between said data output and storage means in said vehicle unit for storing of said initial mileage of said vehicle. 18. The apparatus of claim 16 including reset latch means actuable for resetting said microprocessor to the beginning of its programmed sequence. 19. The apparatus of claims 7, 8, 13 or 16 in which said transmitting means includes an infrared light emitting diode mounted at the front end of a tubular housing having clamping means thereon for clamping between members of a vehicle grill. 20. The apparatus of claims 7, 8, 13 or 16 in which said receiving means includes a horizontally extended concave array of photovoltaic elements behind a lens means for focusing infrared light thereon from an approaching vehicle. 21. In a vehicle monitor apparatus for monitoring vehicles in a monitoring location, the combination comprising: a vehicle unit mountable in a vehicle and including means for transmitting, on a continuous repetitive basis, information characterizing the vehicle, said transmitting means including an infrared light emitting diode mounted at the front end of a tubular housing having clamping means thereon for clamping between members of a vehicle grill; and a monitoring unit mountable at said monitoring location and including means for receiving information transmitted by said vehicle unit. 22. In a vehicle monitor apparatus for monitoring vehicles in a monitoring location, the combination comprising: a vehicle unit mountable in a vehicle and including means for transmitting, on a continuous repetitive basis, information characterizing the vehicle, and a monitoring unit mountable at said monitoring location and including means for receiving information transmitted by said vehicle unit, said receiving means including a horizontally extended concave array of photovoltaic elements behind a lens means for focusing infrared light thereon from an approaching vehicle. 23. In a vehicle monitor apparatus for monitoring vehicles in a monitoring location, the combination comprising: a vehicle unit mountable in a vehicle and including means for transmitting, on a continuous repetitive basis, information characterizing the vehicle, and a monitoring unit mountable at said monitoring location and including means for receiving information transmitted by said vehicle unit, said transmitting means including means for producing a data pulse train digitally encoding said information characterizing the vehicle, a timer means for producing a carrier frequency signal of frequency greater than that of said data pulse train, means modulating said carrier by turning same on and off in accord with pulses from said data pulse train, and means applying the data modulated carrier to an infrared emitting member located on said vehicle to be seen from said monitoring location. 