The invention is directed to a monitoring system for concentrating varying amounts of heat onto a heat transfer fluid and concentrating varying amounts of heat and diffused light into the interior of an enclosed structure. The system comprises a substantially closed unit comprising vertical and horizontal transparent windows and first and second reflectors for directing heat and light into the enclosure during winter months. The system also includes heat absorption means including a trough for transporting a heat transfer fluid between the first window and the trough. The trough includes a heat absorptive surface for absorbing at least some of the heat transmitted through the first window towards the trough and for transmitting from the first window diffused light and heat through the trough into the interior of the enclosed structure.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A monitoring system for concentrating varying amounts of heat onto a heat absorptive fluid and varying amounts of heat and diffused light into a predetermined area of the interior of an enclosed structure, said system comprising, in combination: at least one substantially closed unit adapted to be mounted on the top of said enclosed structure, said unit comprising a first substantially transparent planar window transparent to said heat and light and having a front, rear and side edges, said first window being adapted to be positioned in a substantially horizontal plane above said predetermined area; a second substantially planar window transparent to said heat and light and having bottom, top and side edges, said bottom edge of said second window being adjacent said front edge of said first window, said second window extending in a plane substantially normal to the plane of said first window so that said second window extends above said first window when said first window is positioned substantially horizontally above said predetermined area; a first relector having a top, bottom and side edges, said top edge of said first reflector being adjacent said top edge of said second window, and said bottom edge of said first reflector being adjacent said rear edge of said first window so as to reflect to said first window solar radiation transmitted through said second window toward said first reflector; and side reflectors disposed on the sides of said unit adjacent the side edges of said first and second windows and said first reflector; and a second reflector positioned on the side of said second window opposite said first reflector for reflecting solar radiation along a path which varies according to the altitude and azimuth of the sun when the mean plane of said second window is disposed substantially vertically and faces equatorially so that solar radiation reflected by said second reflector is directed through said second window at average winter altitudes of the sun and is directed away from said second window at average summer altitudes of the sun; and fluid transport means including a trough positioned adjacent said first window in said predetermined area for transporting a heat absorptive fluid between said first window and said trough so that said fluid can absorb heat directed through said first window into said predetermined area, said trough including a surface for transmitting from said first window diffused light and heat through said trough into the interior of the enclosed structure. 2. A monitoring system according to claim 1, further including a third reflector extending from said second reflector to the bottom edge of said second window. 3. A monitoring system according to claim 1, further including means for regulating the amount of heat and light transmitted into the interior of said enclosure. 4. A monitoring system according to claim 3, wherein said means for regulating includes a retractable shade reflective to heat and light. 5. A monitoring system according to claim 4, wherein said shade is movable between a retracted position wherein heat and light are transmitted through said first and second windows and through said trough, and an extended position wherein said shade extends between said first and second windows and reflects heat and light away from said first window towards said second window. 6. A monitoring system according to claim 4, wherein said shade is movable between a retracted position wherein heat and light are transmitted through said first and second windows and through said trough, and an extended position wherein heat and light transmitted through said trough from said first window is reflected back toward said first window. 7. A monitoring system according to claim 1, further including a second one of said substantially closed units having said first and second windows and said first and second reflectors oriented in an identical manner to the corresponding elements of said at least one unit, wherein said second reflector of one of said units has an edge farthest from the second window of the unit supported by the other of said units. 8. A monitoring system according to claim 7, wherein said farthest edge of said one unit is secured to the top edge of the second window of the other unit. 