The thermal gain sensor detects, by a simplified method, the direction of net energy flow through a fluid-separation barrier (window). In particular, the sensor determines a balance point above which the radiant energy (solar, microwave, X-ray, etc.) gained through the barrier exceeds the energy lost through the barrier from the combined effects of convection and conduction. One application of the thermal gain sensor pertains to a solar energy collector or solar heated room. The sensor controls movable insulation panels or curtains which reduce the energy flow through the collector window (barrier) when the energy flow is in the wrong direction. The sensor may be used to either maximize or minimize the energy in the collector or room. The sensor simulates the absorptivity and convection loss of the controlled environment by means of an insulated, darkened disk slightly spaced from the barrier surface. Operation is independent of the temperatures on either side of the barrier, the width, thickness, and composition of the barrier, and, in practice, the height of the barrier. Operation is also independent of the nature of the fluid outside the barrier, and the sensor can be configured to operate with any type of fluid in the controlled environment.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for sensing the direction of net energy flow through a fluid-separation barrier which is transparent to radiant energy traveling from a source on one side of the barrier to a fluid-filled space on the other side of the barrier, the apparatus comprising: means for defining a thin space that is filled with a thermally conductive means and is of such width as to simulate the convective heat transfer from said fluid-filled space to the barrier, said thin space-defining means comprising a radiant energy absorbing surface that forms one side of said thin space, is thermally insulated from said fluid-filled space, and simulates the radiant absorbency of said fluid-filled space, means for mounting said thin space-defining means to the barrier with the barrier itself forming the other side of said thin space thereby simulating the thermal loss due to conduction through the barrier and convection outside the barrier, a first temperature sensing means for detecting the temperature of said radiant energy absorbing surface, a second temperature sensing means for detecting the temperature of said fluid-filled space, and means responsive to said first and second temperature sensing means for producing a control signal indicating net thermal gain when said first temperature is greater than said second temperature. 2. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein the width of the thin space is determined by best equalizing over the operating temperatures the conductive transfer from the radiant energy absorbing surface to the barrier with the free convective transfer of the fluid in said fluid-filled space to the barrier such that: R1 appproximates 1/HI where: R1=the thermal resistance, radiant energy absorbing surface to barrier, a function of the surface and barrier temperatures HI=convective transfer coefficient, the fluid in said fluid-filled space to barrier, a function of barrier temperature and the temperature of the fluid in said fluid-filled space. 3. Apparatus as set forth in claim 2 wherein the choice of thermally conductive means provides a way of improving the approximation over temperature. 4. Apparatus as set forth in claim 2 wherein electrical and thermal corrections in the first and second temperature sensing means provide a way of improving the approximation over temperature. 5. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein the thermally conductive means is a fluid such that the Nusselt number associated with the thin space and said fluid is 1.1 or less. 6. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein the thermally conductive means is a fluid such that the heat transfer through the thin space is primarily by conduction and radiation, not convection. 7. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein the thin space has a width less than one inch. 8. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein the thermally conductive means and the fluid in said fluid-filled space are the same. 9. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein the thermally conductive means and the fluid in said fluid-filled space are both air and the thin space has a width on the order of 0.28 inches. 10. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein the radiant energy absorbing surface has the form of a thin disk. 11. Apparatus as set forth in claim 10 wherein the heat loss from the disk is primarily through the thin space. 12. Apparatus as set forth in claim 10 wherein more than 95% of the heat loss from the disk is through the thin space. 13. Apparatus as set forth in claim 10 wherein the disk has a diameter on the order of 1.5 inches. 14. Apparatus as set forth in claim 10 wherein the thermal mass of the disk provides a means by which to control the response time of the sensor. 15. Apparatus as set forth in claim 10 wherein the disk is of metal for high thermal mass. 16. Apparatus as set forth in claim 10 wherin the disk includes a darkening means whereby the radiant energy absorption of said disk is matched to that of the fluid-filled space. 17. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein said means for defining said thin space comprises a housing open at one end and said radiant energy absorbing surface is part of a member disposed within said housing in spaced relation to said open end. 18. Apparatus as set forth in claim 17 wherein said member is a disk mounted to said housing by means of peripheral tabs to reduce thermal loss to said housing. 19. Apparatus as set forth in claim 17 wherein the housing thermally insulates and supports said member. 20. Apparatus as set forth in claim 19 wherein the housing includes means to remove moisture therefrom. 21. Apparatus as set forth in claim 19 wherein the housing provides shielding from electrical interference. 22. Apparatus set forth in claim 17 wherein said radiant-energy absorbing surface is on one side of said member. 23. Apparatus as set forth in claim 17 wherein the housing supports the second temperature sensing means in thermal contact with the fluid in said fluid-filled space. 24. Apparatus as set forth in claim 22 wherein said first temperature sensing means is carried by said member. 25. Apparatus as set forth in claim 24 wherein said first temperature sensing means is in thermal contact with said radiant energy absorbing surface. 26. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein the first temperature sensing means comprises a thermistor mounted in thermal contact with the radiant energy absorbing surface. 27. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein the second temperature sensing means responds to the temperature of said fluid-filled space in the immediate vecinity of the sensor. 28. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein the second temperature sensing means responds to the temperature of said fluid-filled space at a remote point. 29. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein the second temperature sensing means comprising a thermistor in thermal contact with the fluid in said fluid-filled space. 30. A controller responsive to net energy flow used in conjunction with a fluid separation barrier which transmits radiant energy flux to a first fluid from a second fluid, said controller comprising: a sensor means for determining the direction of net energy flow through said fluid separation barriers, said sensor comprising a radiation receiving surface, means for supporting said radiation receiving surface in proximity to said barrier so that an enclosed space is formed between said radiation receiving surface and said barrier and so that said enclosed space simulates the convective heat transfer from said first fluid to said barrier, and a first temperature sensing means for measuring a reference temperature produced in said sensor by flow of energy between said radiation receiving surface and said barrier, a second temperature sensing means for measuring the temperature of said first fluid, and means responsive to said first and second temperature sensing means for producing a control signal indicating net thermal gain into said first fluid when said first temperature is greater than said second temperature. 31. A controller as set forth in claim 30 further including means responsive to said control signal for producing a desired function. 32. A controller as set forth in claim 31 wherein the desired function is to produce a recordable stimulus used for gathering information. 33. A controller as set forth in claim 30 in combination with a thermal barrier movable so as to limit heat transfer through said fluid separation barrier, and means responsive to said control signal for moving said thermal barrier in accordance with changes in said control signal. 34. In combination with a solar collector window which is interposed between a fluid-filled space and the outside environment and has a shutter to limit heat transfer therethrough, a controller for opening and closing said shutter in response to thermal gain, said controller comprising: a sensor for determining the direction of net energy flow through said collector window, said sensor comprising a radiation-receiving surface, means for mounting said surface in proximity to said window so that an enclosed space is formed between said surface and window and so that said enclosed space has a heat loss through said window which simulates the thermal loss from said fluid-filled space due to conduction through the window and convection in said outside environment, a first temperature sensing means for measuring a reference temperature produced in said sensor by flow of energy into and out of said enclosed space through said window, a second temperature sensing means for measuring the temperature, of said fluid-filled space; means responsive to said first and second temperature sensing means for producing a control signal indicating net thermal gain into said fluid-filled space when said first temperature is greater than said second temperature, motive means for moving said shutter to an open or closed position, and means responsive to said control signal for causing said motive means to move said shutter to said open or closed position. 35. A controller as set forth in claim 34 wherein the motive means is manual with the operator being responsive to a sensory signal, causing the shutter to open and close. 36. A controller as set forth in claim 35 wherein the sensory signal is electrically produced from battery power. 37. A controller as set forth in claim 35 wherein the sensory signal is electrically produced from power generated by solar cells mounted in the sensor means. 38. A controller as set forth in claim 34 wherein the motive means is motorized with a power amplifier being responsive to an electrical control signal causing the shutter to open and close. 39. A controller as set forth in claim 34 wherein the first and second temperature sensing means form part of a bridge network thereby producing an electrical control signal. 40. A controller as set forth in claim 34 wherein the second temperature sensing means is located in a conrol box separate from the sensor apparatus. 41. A controller as set forth in claim 40 wherein the control box is positioned to sense the nominal inside air temperature whether the shutter means is open or closed. 42. A controller as set forth in claim 34 wherein the means responsive to the control signal includes a seasonal switch which is set to either minimize or maximize the energy gain in the collector. 43. A controller as set forth in claim 34 wherein the means responsive to the control signal includes a mode switch for permitting either automatic or manual control. 44. An apparatus for sensing the direction of net energy flow through a fluid separation barrier which is transparent to radiant energy and separates a first space containing a first fluid from a second space which contains a second fluid, said apparatus comprising: a housing open at one end and arranged so that said open end may engage and be attached to a first side of said barrier facing said first space; partitioning means within said housing disposed so that when said open end is engaged with said first side of said barrier a thin space filled with a thermally conductive fluid is formed between said barrier and said partitioning means, said space being of such width measured between said barrier and said partitioning means as to simulate the convective heat transfer from said first fluid to said barrier, whereby the flow of energy between said thin space and said second fluid via said barrier simulates the thermal loss from said first space to said second space due to conduction through the barrier and convection in said second fluid; a radiation absorbing surface on said partitioning means facing said open end of the housing; means in said housing thermally insulating said radiation absorbing surface from said first fluid; and temperature sensing means for producing a signal which is representative of the temperature of said radiation receiving surface, whereby said signal may be processed with a second signal representative of the temperature of said first fluid so as to provide a control signal indicative of the thermal gain or loss experienced by said first fluid as a consequence of net energy flow through said barrier. 45. Apparatus according to claim 44 wherein said temperature sensing means is attached to said partitioning means. 46. Apparatus according to claim 45 wherein said housing is made of plastic, and further including a second temperature means for producing a signal representative of the temperature of the fluid in said first space, and means responsive to the signals from both of said temperature sensing means for producing said control signal. 47. Apparatus according to claim 44 wherein said housing has a shoulder on its interior and further wherein said radiation absorbing surface is part of a member disposed within said housing and supported by means engaged with said shoulder. 48. A controller for determining the direction of net energy flow between a first inside fluid and a second outside fluid via a fluid separation barrier which is capable of transmitting radiant energy flux from said outside fluid to said inside fluid, said controller comprising: a housing adapted to be attached to said barrier in said first fluid; a dark radiation-absorbent member in said housing for receiving radiant energy passing through said barrier from said second fluid, said member being thermally insulated from said first fluid; a first solid state temperature sensing means in said housing in thermal contact with said member and producing a first signal varying in accordance with changes in temperature of said member; a second solid state temperature sensing means for sensing the temperature of said first fluid and producing a second signal varying in accordance with changes in the temperature of said first fluid; and means responsive to said first and second signals for producing a third signal indicative of the net thermal gain into said first fluid resulting from radiant energy received via said second fluid. 