A heat exchange assembly comprises a solar heat collector panel adapted to be mounted on a portable support. The panel includes a rigid frame portion, an upper planar surface portion, a bottom planar surface portion and a planar, continuous tubular coil formed by a single, continuous tubular coil formed by a single, continuous tube member disposed between the upper and bottom surface portions. The upper planar surface portion includes a sheet of solar ray penetrating material and the bottom surface portion includes a sheet of rigid backing material. The rigid frame portion extends around the entire periphery of the panel to define the outer profile thereof. The rigid frame portion includes a channel which receives the outer edges of the upper sheet of solar ray penetrating material and the bottom, rigid backing sheet with the tubular coil disposed therebetween to fix the sheet of solar ray penetrating material, the tubular coil and the bottom surface portion into a unitary structural configuration. Specific features of the invention are directed to the particular structure of the channel member, the specific structure of the portable support and the particular interrelationship between the various elements of the overall assembly.
Claims Having thus set forth and disclosed the nature of this invention, what is claimed is: 1. A heat exchange assembly for heating the water of a swimming pool, said assembly comprising: (a) a solar heat collector panel means mounted on a portable support means, (b) said support means including a panel carrier section and a base section, (c) said panel means including a rigid frame portion, an upper planar surface portion, a bottom planar surface portion and a planar, continuous tubular coil formed by a single, continuous tube member disposed between the upper and bottom surface portions, (d) the upper planar surface portion including a sheet of solar ray penetrating material and the bottom surface portion including a sheet of rigid backing material, (e) the rigid frame portion extends around the entire periphery of the panel means to define the outer profile of the panel means, (f) the rigid frame portion includes channel means for receiving the outer edges of the upper sheet of solar ray penetrating material and the bottom, rigid backing sheet with the tubular coil disposed therebetween to fix the sheet of solar ray penetrating material, the tubular coil and the bottom surface portion into a unitary structural configuration, (g) the panel carrier section including means contacting the rigid frame portion and being pivotally connected to the base section to tiltably support the panel means between opposed angles of inclination, (h) said unitary panel means has a size and shape to be manipulated by one person from one angle of inclination to another angle of inclination. 2. An assembly as defined in claim 1 wherein the sheet of solar ray penetrating material is composed of an acrylic resin material. 3. An assembly as defined in claim 1 wherein the bottom surface portion includes a sheet of backing material covered with a film of heat absorbing material. 4. An assembly as defined in claim 1 wherein the base section includes two upright frame segments laterally spaced with respect to each other, the panel carrier section is pivotally attached to each of the upright frame segments. 5. An assembly as defined in claim 4 wherein the panel means is disposed on the panel carrier section and between the upright frame segments. 6. An assembly as defined in claim 1 wherein the tube member has an inlet end portion and an outlet end portion, the end portions extend through openings located in the bottom surface portion of the panel means. 7. An assembly as defined in claim 6 wherein the single, continuous tube member is composed of a polyvinyl chloride material. 8. An assembly as defined in claim 6 wherein flexible strips of material fix the individual coils of the tube member against the sheet of backing material. 9. An assembly as defined in claim 1 wherein the panel means has a rectangular outer profile, the panel carrier section includes a pair of angular elements shaped to fit the rigid frame portion on opposite sides of the panel means. 10. An assembly as defined in claim 1 wherein the channel means includes a first channel section which receives the outer edge of the sheet of solar ray penetrating material at the upper surface of the panel means and a second channel section which receives the outer edge of the sheet of rigid backing material at the bottom surface of the panel means. 11. An assembly as defined in claim 10 wherein the rigid frame portion comprises extruded frame sections having a one piece cross section which includes said first and second channel sections. 12. An assembly as defined in claim 10 wherein the rigid frame portion comprises an outer, extruded U-shaped frame section and a correspondingly shaped inner, extruded U-shaped frame section connected to said outer frame section to form the first and second channel sections therebetween. 13. An assembly as defined in claim 10 wherein the tubular coil is fixedly disposed between the sheets of solar penetrating material and rigid backing material when said sheets are located in said respective first and second channel sections. 14. A heat exchange assembly for heating the water of a swimming pool, said assembly comprising: (a) a solar heat collector panel means for mounting on a support means, (b) said panel means including a rigid frame portion, an upper planar surface portion, a bottom planar surface portion and a planar, continuous tubular coil formed by a single, continuous tube member disposed between the upper and bottom surface portions, (c) the upper planar surface portion including a sheet of solar ray penetrating material and the bottom surface portion including a sheet of rigid backing material, (d) the rigid frame portion extends around the entire periphery of the panel means to define the outer profile of the panel means, (e) the rigid frame portion includes channel means for receiving the outer edges of the upper sheet of solar ray penetrating material and the bottom, rigid backing sheet with the tubular coil disposed therebetween to fix the sheet of solar ray penetrating material, the tubular coil and the bottom surface portion into a unitary structural configuration, (f) the channel means includes a first channel section which receives the outer edge of the sheet of solar ray penetrating material at the upper surface of the panel means and a second channel section which receives the outer edge of the sheet of rigid backing material at the bottom surface of the panel means, (g) the tubular coil is fixedly disposed between the sheets of solar penetrating material and rigid backing material when said sheets are located in said respective first and second channel sections. 15. An assembly as defined in claim 14 wherein the rigid frame portion comprises extruded frame sections having a one piece cross section which includes said first and second channel sections. 16. An assembly as defined in claim 14 wherein the rigid frame portion comprises an outer, extruded U-shaped frame section and a correspondingly shaped inner, extruded U-shaped frame section connected to said outer frame section to form the first and second channel sections therebetween. 