A solar collector for heating water includes a collector housing having a longitudinal axis. The upper edges of the side walls of the housing define a plane in which the longitudinal axis of the housing lies. A curved concentrating light reflector is mounted in the housing so that the surface of the reflector is substantially symmetrical relative to the longitudinal axis of the housing. The collector assembly includes a collector tube through which water to be heated flows. The collector tube and collector assembly have an axis of symmetry. The inlet to the collector tube causes water flowing into the tube to follow a helical path to improve the rate of transfer of heat to the water within the collector tube. A hollow cylindrical energy conservator tube is spaced around the collector tube by end caps at opposite ends of both the collector tube and conservator tube. The assembly is mounted in the housing so that the longitudinal axis of the collector assembly substantially coincides with the longitudinal axis of the housing. A curved dome made of a material which substantially transparent to solar radiant energy is mounted on the housing to enclose the assembly within the housing.
Claims We claim as our invention: 1. A Solar collector comprising: a collector frame having a longitudinal axis: reflective means forming a curved reflecting surface for reflecting solar radiation, said reflective means being mounted on the collector frame so that the reflecting surface is substantially symmetric with respect to the longitudinal axis of the frame; a collector assembly including a right circular cylindrical collector tube having an inner surface, said collector tube having a pair of ends and a longitudinal axis, said collector tube having inlet means and outlet means mounted in opposite ends thereof for introducing into and removing a liquid from the tube, said inlet means directing liquid flowing into the collector tube into a substantially helical path, a right circular cylindrical energy conservator tube made of material which is substantially transparent to the visible spectrum of solar radiation and having an internal diameter greater than the external diameter of the collector tube, and cap means for mounting the conservator tube so that it is substantially concentric with the collector tube; and means for mounting the collector assembly on the collector frame so that the longitudinal axis of the collector frame substantially coincides with the axis of the collector tube. 2. A solar collector as defined in claim 1 in which the collector frame is comprised of structural members. 3. A solar collector as defined in claim 2 in which the collector frame is further comprised of a molded plastic housing. 4. A solar collector as defined in claim 3 in which the reflective means is a substantially rectangular sheet of material having a reflective surface mounted in the molded plastic housing, the curvative of the surfaces of the reflective material being substantially determined by the housing. 5. A solar collector as defined in claim 2 in which the reflective means is made of formed sheets of metal. 6. A solar collector as defined in claim 1 in which the inlet means is mounted substantially on the longitudinal axis of the collector tube and includes conduit means for directing the liquid into a stream which initially is substantially perpendicular to the longitudinal axis of the collector tube. 7. A solar collector as defined in claim 6 in which the means for mounting the collector assembly includes brackets having a circular openings defining the longitudinal axis of the frame and into which fit the inlet means and the outlet means. 8. A solar collector comprising: a collector housing having lateral side walls, end walls, and a base, the walls each having an upper edge, said edges substantially lying in a plane, said collector housing also having a longitudinal axis; reflective means having a curved electromagnetic radiation reflecting surface mounted in said collector housing so that the reflecting surface of said reflecting means is substantially symmetrically positioned relative to the longitudinal axis of said collector housing; a collector assembly having a cylindrical collector tube having a substantial storage capacity, an inner surface, a pair of ends, an axis of symmetry and a diameter, said tube being made of an electromagnetic radiation absorbing material, said collector tube having inlet and outlet means positioned on said axis of symmetry at opposite ends thereof for circulating water through the collector tube, said inlet means substantially directing water flowing into the collector tube to follow a substantially helical path as the water flows toward the outlet means, a hollow cylindrical energy conservator tube made of a material substantially transparent to visible radiant energy, said conservator tube having an internal diameter greater than the external diameter of the collector tube, and cap means for mounting the conservator tube so that it is substantially concentric with the collector tube; means for mounting the collector assembly in the collector housing so that the axis of symmetry of the collector tube is substantially coincident with the longitudinal axis of the collector frame and with a substantial portion of the collector assembly projecting above the plane defined by the edges of walls of the collector housing; and a dome having a curved surface mounted on the collector housing and enclosing the collector assembly within the collector housing and the dome, the curved surfaces of the done being substantially symmetric with respect to the longitudinal axis of the collector frame. 9. A solar collector as defined in claim 8 in which the longitudinal axis of the housing substantially lies in said plane. 10. A solar collector as defined in claim 9 in which the walls and base of the housing are molded as an integral entity. 11. A solar collector as defined in claim 10 in which the reflective means includes a substantially rectangular sheet of support material with a thin layer of light reflecting material located on one side of the support material. 12. A solar collector as defined in claim 11 in which the storage capacity of the collector tube is substantially twenty gallons. 13. A solar collector as defined in claim 8 in which the inlet means is provided with an inlet tube substantially perpendicular to the axis of symmetry of the collector tube. 14. A solar collector as defined in claim 13 in which a pressure relief valve is mounted in the collector tube in proximity to the outlet means. 15. A solar collector as defined in claim 14 in which the means for mounting the collector assembly in the collector housing comprises brackets fabricated from structural members having openings formed in the brackets which define the longitudinal axis of the collector housing. 16. A collector assembly for a solar collector comprising: a hollow right cylindrical collector tube having an axis of symmetry and a diameter, said tube having a substantial liquid holding capacity, and being made of stainless steel; stainless steel inlet means for introducing a liquid into the tube and imparting a radial component of motion to the liquid so introduced, said inlet means being provided with a tube which is substantially perpendicular to the axis of symmetry of the collector tube; stainless steel outlet means for removing from the collector tube liquid introduced into it by the inlet means, said inlet and outlet means being substantially symmetrical with respect to the axis of symmetry of the collector tube; a hollow right cylindrical conservator tube made of a polycarbonate which is substantially transparent to visible radiant energy and having an internal diameter greater than that of the collector tube; and cap means for mounting the conservator tube so that the conservator tube is substantially concentric with the collector tube. 