A solar furnace apparatus including a reflector portion, a collector portion and a fluid transfer portion; the reflector portion including a generally dish-shaped reflective member, the reflective member having a conic section configuration with a large open face and a highly reflective internal surface, the reflective member including a fixed base section concentric with the axis of the reflective member, a plurality of movable curved segments extending from the fixed base section to the free edge of the open face of the reflective member, the end of each segment adjacent to the fixed base section being pivotally connected thereto; the collector portion being disposed along the axis and the focal point of the reflective member, the collector portion including a chamber formed of a plurality of concave longitudinal conductive metal sections joined at their edges, the cross section of the longitudinal sections forming a generally star-shaped configuration, the concave longitudinal sections being disposed substantially parallel to the longitudinal axis of the reflective member, end sections affixed to the free edges of the concave longitudinal sections and therewith forming an enclosed chamber, a central conduit extending from one of the end sections to a point adjacent the other end section but spaced therefrom, a plurality of discrete longitudinal baffles disposed within the chamber around the central conduit, an inlet and an outlet communicating with the chamber.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar furnace apparatus including a reflector portion, a collector portion and a fluid transfer portion; said reflector portion including a generally dish-shaped reflective member, said reflective member having a conic section configuration with a large open face and a highly reflective internal surface, said reflective member including a fixed base section concentric with the axis of said reflective member, a plurality of movable curved segments extending from said fixed base section to the free edge of said open face of said reflective member, the end of each segment adjacent to said fixed base section being pivotally connected thereto; said collector portion being disposed along the axis and the focal point of said reflective member, said collector portion including a chamber formed of a plurality of concave longitudinal conductive metal sections joined at their edges, the cross section of said longitudinal sections forming a generally star-shaped configuration, said concave longitudinal sections being disposed substantially parallel to the longitudinal axis of said reflective member, end sections affixed to the free edges of said concave longitudinal sections and therewith forming an enclosed chamber, a central conduit means extending from one of said end sections to a point adjacent the other end section but spaced therefrom, a plurality of discrete longitudinal baffle means disposed within said chamber around said central conduit means, inlet and outlet means communicating with said chamber, mounting means for the securing of said collector portion adjacent the apex of said reflective member; said fluid transfer portion including conduit means connected to said inlet and outlet means of said collector portion and means associated with said conduit means for circulating fluid to heat storage or heat dissipating means. 2. A solar furnace apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said pivotal connection of said movable segments with said fixed base section is located significantly closer to the axis of said reflective member than to the open face thereof. 3. A solar furnace apparatus according to claim 2 wherein said pivotal connection is spaced from said axis less than about one-fourth the distance between said axis and said open face. 4. A solar furnace apparatus according to claim 1 wherein adjoining movable segments overlap along at least a portion of their lengths. 5. A solar furnace apparatus according to claim 4 wherein said adjoining segments overlap along substantially their entire lengths. 6. A solar furnace apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said movable segments are interleaved around the surface of said reflective member. 7. A solar furnace apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the distance across the points of said star-shaped cross section of said collector portion is between about one and one-half and three times the smallest cross-sectional dimension of said collector portion. 8. A solar furnace apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said discrete longitudinal baffle means include a plurality of spaced tubular sections. 9. A solar furnace apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said discrete longitudinal baffle means are divided longitudinally into a number of separate sections. 