A solar collector comprises an upper transparent flexible cover and a lower eflectively metallized sheet, the upper cover and the lower sheet both being flexible and the space between them being inflated under gas pressure. The joint between the upper and lower members is closed by longitudinal stringers that are carried by upright side walls that protect the lower sheet against deformation by the force of the wind. Tubes carrying the liquid to be heated are disposed within the inflated enclosure, the sun's rays being concentrated on them by the reflective coating on the lower sheet; and these tubes are appropriately moved so as to follow the focal point of the lower reflector as the reflector and the sun move relative to each other during the day.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a solar collector of the mirror type which is shaped by superatmospheric gaseous pressure on its surface, comprising a rigid frame defining at least two longitudinal edges (13) with at least one sheet (12) secured by its edges on said longitudinal edges of said frame, the surface of said sheet (12) being reflective, a transparent element (11) which is at least partly spaced from said at least one sheet and is impervious to the superatmospheric fluid pressure that shapes said at least one sheet, and means closing the space between the transparent element and said at least one sheet and which enclose with said at least one sheet and transparent element the interior of the collector; the improvement in which the frame is stationary, and a housing (40) which is rigid against the pressure of the wind and which comprises a pair of upright stationary walls that are parallel to said longitudinal edges and that extend from the ground up to the edges of said at least one sheet (12). 2. A collector according to claim 1, characterized in that the transparent element is a flexible sheet (11) shaped by the pressure of the gas, the width of this flexible transparent sheet being less than 125% of the spacing between the side edges (13) of the frame. 3. A solar collector according to claim 1, characterized in that the width of the lower sheet (12) forming the mirror is equal to about 130% of the spacing between the lateral edges (13) of the frame. 4. A solar collector according to claim 1, in which said transparent element (11) is in the form of at least two flexible portions (111 and 112), and a longitudinal reinforcement (15) between and connected to said flexible portions and extending lengthwise of the collector parallel to said longitudinal edges (13). 5. A solar collector according to claim 1, and a longitudinal tube (20) traversed by a fluid to be heated, said tube extending lengthwise of said frame in spaced relation between said sheet and said transparent element, and means mounting said tube for movement relative to the frame thereby to maintain the tube in the focus of the mirror despite the apparent movement of the sun in the sky. 6. A solar collector according to claim 1, characterized in that said transparent element is comprised by plural flexible strips (121a, 121b) joined edgewise along at least one line parallel to said longitudinal edges. 7. A solar collector according to claim 6, characterized in that said strips (121a, 121n) joined edgewise are interconnected by means of strips (122a, 122n1) secured to their adjacent edges. 