When a plurality of sensors or a circuit, required for air conditioning, are out of order a fail-safe calculation formula is employed to set the desired outlet air temperature for continuing air conditioning. A number of fail-safe calculation formulae exist so that an accurate outlet air temperature can be obtained despite any abnormal sensor conditions. When an abnormality is detected, the calculation formula which does not employ the output of the abnormal sensor is utilized to determine the outlet air temperature. This procecure permits an air conditioning apparatus to be controlled within a range of safety even when a sensor or sensors fail.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of controlling an air conditioning apparatus comprising the steps of: monitoring the operating condition of at least one sensor which detects an ambient condition about an area to be air conditioned; selecting one of a plurality of calculation formulae for obtaining a desired outlet air temperature within an allowable range on the basis of the operating condition of said at least one sensor; and adjusting said air conditioning apparatus in accordance with said one of said plurality of calculation formulae. 2. A method of controlling an air conditioning apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein said at least one sensor includes a room air temperature sensor, an ambient air temperature sensor and a solar radiation sensor, and, when all of said sensors are properly monitoring the appropriate temperature, a desired outlet air temperature Tao is determined for setting through the following calculation formula: where Tset indicates a set temperature, Tam an ambient air temperature, ST a solar radiation value and Kset, Kam, Kr, Kst and C indicate constants. 3. A method of controlling an air conditioning apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein said at least one sensor includes a room air temperature sensor and an ambient air temperature sensor, and, when said room air temperature sensor is not properly monitoring room air temperature and said ambient air temperature sensor is properly monitoring ambient air temperature, a desired outlet air temperature Tao is determined for setting through the following calculation formula: where Tset indicates a set temperature, Tam an ambient air temperature and Cam a constant. 4. A method of controlling an air conditioning apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein said at least one sensor includes a room air temperature sensor and an ambient air temperature sensor, and, when said sensors are not properly monitoring the appropriate temperature, a desired outlet air temperature is set to a preset comfortable temperature. 5. A method of controlling an air conditioning apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein said at least one sensor includes a room air temperature sensor and an ambient air temperature sensor, and, when said ambient air temperature sensor is not properly monitoring ambient air temperature and said room air temperature sensor is properly monitoring room air temperature, a desired outlet air temperature is determined for setting through the following calculation formula: where Tset indicates a set temperature, Tr a room air temperature and Cr a constant. 6. A method of controlling an air conditioning apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein said at least one sensor includes a water temperature sensor, and, when said sensor is not properly monitoring water temperature, a water temperature value is fixed to a preset value. 7. A method of controlling an air conditioning apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein said at least one sensor includes a room air temperature sensor, an ambient air temperature sensor and a solar radiation sensor, and when said room air temperature sensor and said ambient air temperature sensor are properly monitoring the appropriate temperature, and said solar radiation sensor is not properly monitoring solar radiation, a desired outlet air temperature Tao is determined for setting through the following calculation formula: where Tset indicates a set temperature, Tam an ambient air temperature, Tr a room air temperature and Kset, Kam, Kr and C indicate constants. 8. A method of controlling an air conditioning apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein said at least one sensor includes an evaporator outlet temperature sensor, and, when said sensor is not properly monitoring the evaporator outlet temperature, a compressor is turned "ON" and the evaporator outlet temperature is fixed to a preset value. 9. A method of controlling an air conditioning apparatus as set forth in claim 4, wherein said comfortable temperature is 25.degree. C. 10. A method of controlling an air conditioning apparatus as set forth in claim 6, wherein said preset water temperature is 80.degree. C. 11. A system for controlling an air conditioning apparatus for a vehicle comprising: a plurality of sensing means for monitoring an ambient condition about an area to be air conditioned; and processing means for; monitoring the operating condition of at least one of said plurality of sensing means, selecting one of a plurality of calculation formulae for obtaining a desired outlet air temperature within an allowable range on the basis of the operating condition of said at least one sensing means, and adjusting said air conditioning apparatus in accordance with said one of said plurality of calculation formulae. 12. A system for controlling an air conditioning apparatus as set forth in claim 11, wherein said plurality of sensing means includes a room air temperature sensor, an ambient air temperature sensor and a solar radiation sensor, and, when, all of said sensors are properly monitoring the appropriate temperature, said processing means determines a desired outlet air temperature Tao for setting through the following calculation formula: where Tset indicates a set temperature, Tam an ambient air temperature, ST a solar radiation value and Kset, Kam, Kr, Kst and C indicate constants. 13. A system for controlling an air conditioning apparatus as set forth in claim 11, wherein said plurality of sensing means includes a room air temperature sensor and an ambient air temperature sensor, and, when said room air temperature sensor is not properly monitoring room air temperature and said ambient air temperature is properly monitoring ambient air temperature, said processing means determines a desired outlet air temperature Tao for setting through the following calculation formula: where Tset indicates a set temperature, Tam an ambient air temperature and Cam a constant. 14. A system for controlling an air conditioning apparatus as set forth in claim 11, wherein said plurality of sensing means includes a room air temperature sensor and an ambient air temperature sensor, and, when said sensors are not properly monitoring the appropriate temperature, said processing means sets a desired outlet air temperature to a preset comfortable temperature. 15. A system for controlling an air conditioning apparatus as set forth in claim 11, wherein said plurality of sensing means includes a room air temperature sensor and an ambient air temperature sensor, and, when said ambient air temperature sensor is not properly monitoring ambient air temperature, and said room air temperature sensor is properly monitoring room air temperature, said processing means determines a desired outlet air temperature for setting through the following calculation formula: where Tset indicates a set temperature, Tr a room air temperature and Cr a constant. 16. A system for controlling an air conditioning apparatus as set forth in claim 11, wherein said plurality of sensing means includes a water temperature sensor, and, when said sensor is not properly monitoring water temperature, said processing means sets a water temperature value to a preset value. 17. A system for controlling an air conditioning apparatus as set forth in claim 11, wherein said plurality of sensing means includes a room air temperature sensor, an ambient temperature sensor and a solar radiation sensor, and when said room air temperature sensor and said ambient air temperature sensor are properly monitoring the appropriate temperature and said solar radiation sensor is not properly monitoring solar radiation, said processing means determines a desired outlet air temperature Tao for setting through the following calculation formula: where Tset indicates a set temperature, Tam an ambient air temperature, Tr a room air temperature, and Kset, Kam, Kr and C indicate constants. 18. A system for controlling an air conditioning apparatus as set forth in claim 11, wherein said plurality of sensing means includes an evaporator outlet temperature sensor, and, when said sensor is not properly monitoring evaporator outlet temperature, said processing means causes a compressor to turn "ON" and sets an evaporator outlet temperature to a preset value. 