A roof vent for flat built-up roofs, having a truncated pyramid-shaped air stack with a protective cap and an internal fan for inducing upward air flow through a check valve at the upper end of the stack. A solar panel provides power for operating the fan, a thermal switch is employed for enabling the fan above an ambient temperature of 50.degree. F. (10.degree. C.) and a humidistat may be employed for disabling the fan below 50% relative humidity.
Claims I claim: 1. A flat roof dryer for removing moisture from an insulation cavity formed in a built-up flat roof having a layer of insulation underlying a roof mat having a plurality of plies of roof felt, comprising: a housing having a lower, flat peripheral base flange adapted for sealingly mounting the housing to the surface of the built-up roof; a cover means covering the top of said housing to prevent the entry of rain and other foreign matter into the housing; at least one outlet opening disposed generally below said cover means; a fan means mounted in said housing to produce a generally upward airflow through said housing; a one-way flow valve means mounted in the housing and interposed between the cover means and the fan means to permit airflow only in a generally upward direction from said fan means; an energizing means to automatically energize said fan means; and a control means to prevent energizing of the fan means when the temperature in the housing is below a predetermined temperature. 2. The flat roof dryer of claim 1 wherein the housing has a generally truncated pyramid shape. 3. The flat roof dryer of claim 1 wherein the cover means is a cap member having an upper portion covering the top of said housing and a lower peripheral portion of said cap member defines an outlet opening. 4. The flat roof dryer of claim 1 wherein the one-way flow valve means comprises a counterbalanced flapper valve pivotally mounted relative to an opening generally vertically spaced from said fan means. 5. The flat roof dryer of claim 1 wherein said energizing means further comprises a photovoltaic cell externally mounted to the housing and connected via said control means to said fan means. 6. A built-up flat roof drying system comprising: a built-up flat roof including a layer of insulation underlying a roof mat having a plurality of plies of roof felt, said roof mat having a cut-out opening defining an insulation cavity; a housing having a lower flat peripheral base flange sealingly engaging the upper surface of said roof mat, said housing being generally positioned to cover said cavity; a fan means mounted in said housing to produce a generally upward airflow from said cavity; a cap member having an upper portion covering the top of said housing and having a lower peripheral portion defining an outlet opening; a one-way flow valve means mounted in the housing and interposed between the cap member and fan means to permit airflow only in a generally upward direction from said cavity; energizing means to automatically energize said fan means; and control means to prevent energizing of the fan means when the temperature in the housing is below a predetermined temperature. 7. The dryer system of claim 6 wherein the housing has a generally truncated pyramid shape. 