A solar energy module characterized by a receiver 14 having a solar energy acceptance opening 22 and supported by a mounting ring 18 along the optic axis A of a parabolic mirror 12 in coaxial alignment therewith for receiving solar energy from the mirror, and a solar flux modulator plate 42 for varying the quantity of solar energy flux received by the acceptance opening of the module. The modulator plate 42 is characterized by an annular, plate-like body, the internal diameter of which is equal to or slightly greater than the diameter of the solar energy acceptance opening 22 of the receiver, and a plurality of slave cylinders 44 are connected to the modulator plate for supporting the plate for axial displacement along the axis A of the mirror for thereby variably shading the opening 22 with respect to solar energy flux reflected from the surface of the mirror to the solar energy acceptance opening.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy flux modulator for a solar energy receiver optically coupled with a parabolic dish mirror and characterized by a solar flux acceptance opening having an axis coincident with the optic axis of the mirror, comprising: A. a solar flux modulator plate interposed between said mirror and said receiver and having a central opening concentric with said axis; B. means for establishing along said optical axis a graduated shade zone from said flux opening and toward said mirror; and C. moveable support means for displacing said modulator plate from a first minimum shade position adjacent said acceptance opening to a second and more shaded position remote from said acceptance opening, while maintaining the concentricity of said central opening with said axis. 2. A solar energy flux modulator as defined in claim 1 wherein said receiver is supported in interposed relation with a source of solar radiation and said mirror to form said graduated shade zone of a conical configuration coaxially aligned with the insolation acceptance opening of the receiver and having an apex defined at the focal point of said mirror, said focal point being positioned within said acceptance opening, and wherein the central opening of said modulator plate defines a flux admittance zone of an annular configuration concentrically related to said shade zone, the area of the flux admittance zone being varied in response to axial displacement of the flux modulator plate relative to said axis. 3. A solar energy flux modulator as defined in claim 1 further comprising a mounting ring for supporting said receiver, a plurality of struts for supporting said mounting ring along the optic axis of the mirror, and wherein said motor means comprises a plurality of slave cylinders having axially extensible shafts supporting said flux modulator plate in suspended relation with respect to said mounting ring. 