A compact, self-contained solar heat collector is disclosed which is particularly suited for addition to new or existing structures in the form of window shutters, exterior siding, awnings, columnar elements and the like. The exterior glazing (32) of the collector includes undulating transverse pane segments (36, 38, 118, 156), the angle of which is chosen to optimize insolation during winter months. Beneath the preferably sharp peaks and valleys of such undulations is positioned a heat absorption, storage and exchange assembly (42-64) which defines an enclosed heat transfer cavity (42, 122, 134, 142) through which a heat transfer fluid such as air is directed.
Claims Having described our invention in sufficient detail to enable those skilled in the art to make and use it, we claim: 1. An improved solar heat collector, comprising: a housing having a front for facing the sun, a back for facing adjacent support structure and peripheral walls extending between said front and back; at least one heat absorber element positioned within said housing, said absorber element having a first front surface for facing the sun, said first front surface having a low thermal emittance and a high solar absorptance, said absorber element also having a first rear surface for facing away from the sun, said first rear surface having a high thermal emittance and a low solar absorptance; at least one heat storage element positioned within said housing and spaced from said first rear surface to define a volume therebetween, said storage element having a second front surface facing toward said first rear surface, said second front surface having, like said first rear surface, a high thermal emittance and a low solar absorptance, said storage element also having a second rear surface for facing away from the sun, said second rear surface having, like said first front surface, a low thermal emittance and a high solar absorptance; means for closing said volume between said first rear surface and said second front surface to define a heat transfer cavity into which heat transfer is maximized from both said absorber element and said storage element but from which heat loss is minimized to both said absorber element and said storage element, as a result of the differences in thermal emittance and solar absorptance between said first front and rear surfaces and said second front and rear surfaces, respectively; and means for directing a flow of air through said cavity, whereby said air is heated. 2. A solar heat collector according to claim 1, wherein the thermal emittance of said first front and said second rear surface is in the range of 0.10 to 0.12; the solar absorptance of said first front surface and said second rear surface is in the range of 0.85 to 0.96; the thermal emittance of said first rear surface and said second front surface is in the range of 0.85 to 1.0; and the solar absorptance of said first rear surface and said second front surface is in the range of 0.10 to 0.15. 3. A solar heat collector according to claim 1, further comprising fins extending into said heat transfer cavity from at least one of said first rear surface and said second front surface. 4. A solar heater according to claim 1, further comprising a layer of thermal insulation adjacent said second rear surface, said insulation being spaced from said second rear surface to define a first flow channel; further comprising means for directing a second flow of air through said first flow channel in parallel with flow through said heat transfer cavity and means for recombining said flows of air at the discharge ends of said heat transfer cavity and said first flow channel. 5. A solar heater according to claim 4, further comprising at least one light transmitting cover positioned between said peripheral walls and spaced from said first front surface of said heat absorber element to define a second flow channel; and means for directing a third flow of air through said second flow channel in parallel with flow through said heat transfer cavity and said first flow channel. 6. A solar heat collector according to claim 1, further comprising means for mounting said collector as an awning on a building. 7. A solar heat collector according to claim 1, wherein said heat absorber and heat storage elements are situated about an upright axis, further comprising a columnar light transmitting element spaced from the front surface of said heat absorber element. 8. An improved solar heat collector, comprising: at least one horizontally elongated heat absorber element having a first front surface for facing the sun, said first front surface having a low thermal emittance and a high solar absorptance, said absorber element also having a first rear surface for facing away from the sun, said first rear surface having a high thermal emittance and a low solar absorptance, said heat absorber element being angled to optimize absorption of solar energy; at least one horizontally elongated heat storage element spaced from said first rear surface to define a volume therebetween, said storage element having a second front surface facing toward said first rear surface, said second front surface having, like said first rear surface, a high thermal emittance and a low solar absorptance, said storage element also having a second rear surface for facing away from the sun, said second rear surface having, like said first front surface, a low thermal emittance and a high solar absorptance; means for closing said volume between said first rear surface and said second front surface to define a heat transfer cavity into which heat transfer is maximized from both said absorber element and said storage element but from which heat loss is minimized to both said absorber element and said storage element, as a result of the differences in thermal emittance and solar absorptance between said first front and rear surfaces and said second front and rear surfaces, respectively; and means for directing a flow of air through said cavity, whereby said air is heated. 9. A solar heat collector according to claim 8, wherein the thermal emittance of said first front and said second rear surface is in the range of 0.10 to 0.12; the solar absorptance of said first front surface and said second rear surface is in the range of 0.85 to 0.96; the thermal emittance of said first rear surface and said second front surface is in the range of 0.85 to 1.0; and the solar absorptance of said first rear surface and said second front surface is in the range of 0.10 to 0.15. 10. A solar heat collector according to claim 9, wherein said heat transfer cavity is open at its horizontally spaced ends; and said means for directing a flow of air comprises upright manifold means operatively connected to said ends for permitting cool and heated air to flow into and from said heat transfer cavity. 11. A solar heat collector according to claim 8, further comprising means for attaching successive horizontally extending collectors to each other and to a structure to form siding on the structure. 12. A solar heat collector according to claim 8, further comprising fins extending into said heat transfer cavity from at least one of said first rear surface and said second front surface. 