An integrated, completely automatic solar heating and cooling system for buildings is disclosed. The system includes a first and a second interconnectable cooling/heating subsystem each of which includes a group of solar heat collecting panels, a heat storage reservoir, and a piping network for transferring the heat exchange media, preferrably water, therebetween. A third subsystem transfers the media from one or both of the reservoirs to a heat exchanger which transfers heat to or from the building's heating and cooling distribution system. Cooling for the building is accomplished by using a fourth subsystem to chill the media in the first subsystem. In the cooling mode, the solar panels of the first sybsystem are covered and used as a heat exchanger, and the second subsystem, isolated from the first heating subsystem, is used to heat the building's hot water system and to provide building heat if required.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar collector panel comprising: a. a frame; b. a top transparent to solar radiation sealingly mounted to said frame, said top being lenticulated and inflatable and comprised of molded thermo-plastic film; c. an absorber cell mounted to said frame and spaced below said top; d. a reflective member mounted in said frame and spaced below said absorber cell; e. an insulation member mounted in said frame and spaced below said reflective member; f. a bottom cover sealingly mounted to cover the bottom of said frame; and g. mounting means for mounting said top, said absorber cell and said bottom cover at the respective peripheral edges thereof comprising corresponding lock-in means for engaging the respective peripheral edges and corresponding grooves in said frame for securely retaining said corresponding lock-in means. 2. A rigid frame of thermal insulating material for surrounding and securing solar collector panel elements in mutually spaced, parallel relation, said frame comprising, fluid inlet and outlet means connected to said frame and communicating with fluid-containing solar collector panel elements, a first surface having a plurality of vertically disposed, mutually spaced horizontal, continuous grooves adapted to receive splined strips and a first elongated, horizontal, continuous recess having a shoulder portion adjacent the vertically disposed, mutually spaced grooves, and, a second surface having a second horizontal, continuous groove adapted to receive a splined strip and a second elongated, horizontal, continuous recess having first and second shoulder portions adapted to receive locking means in engagement therewith, whereby said grooves in said frame, said elongated recesses and said locking means cooperate to secure said frame and said collector panel elements. 