Method and apparatus for transferring heat. A pair of closed loop heat transfer loops each includes a refrigerant, a condenser to remove heat from the refrigerant, and an evaporator which adds heat to the refrigerant from its associated heat source. Each loop also includes a chamber of a compressor which has a free piston common to both chambers. One of the chambers is located above the other so that in one of the two cycles of operation, thermal energy from a heat source of the loop including the upper chamber evaporates liquified refrigerant collected in a collector of the loop in the previous cycle of operation which vapor together with gravity acting on the free piston cause the piston to compress vaporized refrigerant of the other loop in the lower chamber. This compressed refrigerant is condensed by loss of heat to an associated heat sink and is collected in the collector of its loop. In the second cycle, liquified refrigerant in the collector of the loop including the lower chamber is vaporized in its evaporator by absorbing heat from its associated heat source. The vaporized refrigerant acts on the free piston to cause it to compress vaporized refrigerant in the upper chamber which refrigerant is condensed in its loop condenser and collected in its collector. Controls are provided to initiate the next cycle of operation at the completion of the preceding cycle.
Claims I claim: 1. A thermally powered heat transfer system having a first and a second cycle of operation, comprising: first and second closed loop heat transfer means including respectively a first and a second refrigerant, a first and a second condenser means for transferring heat from the first and second refrigrant to a first and a second heat sink, and a first and a second heat exchanger means for transferring heat from a first and a second heat source to the first and second refrigerants; compressor means for said first and second closed loop heat transfer means including a first chamber, a second chamber and a free piston common to both chambers, said first chamber being at a higher elevation than the second, said compressor means being powered by energy derived from the first heat source and gravity acting on said free piston for compressing the second refrigerant in the second chamber and for causing the second condenser means to transfer heat from the second refrigerant to the second heat sink during each first cycle of operation and being powered by energy derived from the second heat source acting on said free piston for compressing the first refrigerant in the first chamber and causing the first condenser means to transfer heat from the first refrigerant to the first heat sink during each second cycle of operation; and control means for causing the system to change its cycle of operation substantially at the completion of each cycle. 2. The thermally powered heat transfer system of claim 1 in which the free piston includes a liquid and a pair of flexible diaphragms. 3. The thermally powered heat transfer system of claim 2 in which the free piston is a solid. 4. The thermally powered heat transfer system of claim 2 in which the elevation of the first chamber above the second is variable. 5. The thermally powered heat transfer system of claim 4 in which the refrigerants in the first and second heat transfer means are the same material. 6. The thermally powered heat transfer system of claim 5 in which the heat sinks are evaporative coolers. 7. The thermally powered heat transfer system of claim 6 in which one of the heat sources includes means for producing heat from solar energy. 8. A thermally powered heat transfer system having a first and a second cycle of operation, comprising: first and second closed loop heat transfer means including respectively a first and a second refrigerant, a first and a second condenser means for transferring heat from the first and second refrigerants to a first and a second heat sink, and a first and second heat exchanger means for transferring heat from a first and a second heat source to the first and second refrigerants; first compressor chamber means between the first heat exchanger means and the first condenser means and through which the first refrigerant passes; a second compressor chamber means between the second heat exchanger means and the second condenser means through which the second refrigerant passes; means for mounting the first compressor chamber means at a higher elevation than the second; free piston means common to both chamber means; during each first cycle of operation of the system the first refrigerant expanding as a result of heat transferred to it from the first heat source, and together with gravity acting on the free piston means for compressing the second refrigerant in the second compressor chamber means and for causing the second condenser means to transfer heat from the compressed second refrigerant to the second heat sink; during each second cycle of operation of the system the second refrigerant expanding as a result of heat transferred to it from the second heat source, acting on the free piston for compressing the first refrigerant in the first chamber means and causing the first condenser means to transfer heat from the compressed first refrigerant to the first heat sink; and control means for causing the system to change its cycle of operation substantially at the completion of each cycle. 9. A thermally powered heat transfer system of claim 8 in which the free piston includes a liquid. 10. The thermally powered heat transfer system of claim 9 in which the free piston further includes flexible diaphragm means. 11. The thermally powered heat transfer system of claim 10 in which the elevation of the first compressor chamber above the second compressor chamber is adjustable. 12. The thermally powered heat transfer system of claim 8 in which the free piston is a solid. 13. The thermally powered heat transfer system of claim 11 in which the first and second refrigerants are the same. 14. The thermally powered heat transfer system of claim 13 in which the heat sinks are evaporative coolers. 15. The method of transfering heat from first and second heat sources to a first and a second heat sink using a first and a second refrigerant and a compressor having a first and a second chamber with a free piston common to both chambers, said first chamber being positioned above the second, and said method having two cycles of operation, comprising the steps of: A. during each first cycle of operation of: 1. evaporating the first refrigerant from a first collector within a first evaporator using heat from the first source; 2. compressing the second refrigerant in the second chamber using the evaporated first refrigerant and gravity acting on the free piston as the sources of energy; 3. transfering heat from the compressed second refrigerant to the second heat sink to liquify the second refrigerant; 4. collecting the liquified second refrigerant in a second collector; and 5. initiating the second cycle of operation when substantially all the second refrigerant capable of being forced out of the second chamber has been forced out of the second chamber; and B. during each second cycle of operation of: 1. evaporating the second refrigerant from a second collector within a second evaporator using heat from the second heat source; 2. compressing the first refrigerant in the first chamber using the evaporated second refrigerant acting on the free piston as the source of energy; 3. transfering heat from the compressed first refrigerant to a first heat sink to liquify the first refrigerant; 4. collecting the liquid refrigerant in the first collector; and 5. initiating the first cycle of operation when substantially all the first refrigerant capable of being forced out of the first chamber has been forced out of the first chamber. 