Three-terminal ternary III-V two-color solar cells incorporating layers of GaAs.sub.1-x-y P.sub.x Sb.sub.y. The three-terminal structure enables the current to be withdrawn from both cells without the necessity of current matching between the two color stacked photovoltaic device. In addition, the three-terminal configuration permits the independent determination of the individual properties of each cell. The stacked two-color cells can be connected in series through the three-terminal arrangement to overcome the problems of independent load matching between the cells encountered with the conventional two-terminal configuration. Finally, the three-terminal two colored solar cells does not require a shorting junction between the homojunction layers of the cells but only a simple transition layer. This speeds the processing of the device.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A three-terminal two-color solar cell comprising: a conductive substrate; a layer of GaAs.sub.1-y Sb.sub.y having regions of differing conductivity forming a homojunction therein contacting said substrate and lattice matching the substrate to within about .+-.1%; a transition layer of GaAs contacting the surface of said GaAsSb layer opposite to the surface contacting said substrate; a layer of GaAs.sub.1-x P.sub.x having regions of differing conductivity forming a homojunction therein and having a larger bandgap than said GaAsSb layer, said GaAsP layer contacting the surface of said transition layer opposite to said surface contacting said GaAsSb layer; and means forming electrical contacts to said substrate, the incident surface of said GaAsP layer and the GaAsP region below the homojunction in said layer. 2. The solar cell according to claim 1 wherein y has the value of from about 0.1 to about 0.4 and x has the value of from about 0.1 to about 0.3. 3. The solar cell according to claim 2 wherein x and y are about 0.2. 4. The solar cell according to claim 1 wherein said transition layer is an N.sup.+ -type GaAs layer. 5. The solar cell according to claim 1 wherein said transition layer is a P.sup.+ -type GaAs layer. 6. The solar cell according to claim 1, 3, 4, or 5 wherein the GaAsSb layer has a handgap of about 1.1 eV and the GaAsP layer has a bandgap of about 1.65 eV. 7. A process of fabricating a three-terminal two-color solar cell comprising: mounting a conductive substrate in a chemical vapor deposition apparatus; evacuating said apparatus to a pressure of from about 1.times.10.sup.-6 torr to about 1.times.10.sup.-8 torr; heating said substrate to a temperature of from about 500.degree. C. to about 650.degree. C.; establishing a flow rate of an arsenic containing compound; establishing a flow rate of a gallium containing compound; adjusting the flow rates of said arsenic containing compound, an antimony containing compound and N-type and P-type dopants so as to grow a layer of GaAs.sub.1-y Sb.sub.y on said substrate, said layer having regions of opposite conductivity type and forming a homojunction therein; terminating the flow of said antimony containing compound; adjusting the flow rate of said arsenic and N-type or P-type dopants so as to grow a transition layer of GaAs on said GaAs.sub.1-y Sb.sub.y layer, said transition layer having the same conductivity as the light incident region of said GaAs.sub.1-y Sb.sub.y layer; decreasing the flow of said arsenic containing compound and introducing a phosphorus containing compound while varying the N-type and P-type dopants so as to grow an incident GaAs.sub.1-x P.sub.x layer on said transition layer, said layer having regions of opposite conductivity type and forming a homojunction therein, said region contacting said transition layer having the same conductivity type as said transition layer; terminating the flow of said gallium containing compound, said arsenic containing compound, said phosphorus containing compound, and said N-type and P-type dopants; and removing said substrate from said apparatus; and fabricating three electrodes to the solar cell wherein a first and a second electrode contact the substrate and the incident surface of the incident homojunction layer, respectively, and the third electrode contacts the incident homojunction layer below the homojunction therein. 8. The solar cell fabricated according to the method of claim 7. 