A solar water heating apparatus comprises a plurality of longitudinal tubular storage tanks positioned adjacent one another in a stacked array. Each tank is aligned adjacent the next tank in the same direction and plane. A cold water inlet pipe is directed through coaxial apertures near the bottom of each tank while a hot water outlet pipe is directed through aligned apertures near the top of each tank. Each tank in the array is associated with a heat conducting plate with each plate having a pipe thermally connected thereto. The pipe enters the associated tank at the bottom end through a first opening and enters at the top end through a second opening. The second opening at the top end is covered by a counter balanced valve member which is pivotally mounted to the tank and is operative to block the second opening for pressures below a given pressure. Hence when cold water is directed through the cold water inlet pipe, it enters the pipe associated with the plate. As the solar energy impinges on the plate, the water is heated and the pressure causes the water to rise through the pipe towards the top opening. When a particular pressure is reached due to temperature the valve will pivot and open thus causing the heated water to continue to circulate until the entire temperature of the storage tank reaches an ambient value. The valve prevents the water from cooling as during the night time.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar water heating apparatus comprising: a plurality of longitudinal tubular storage tanks positioned adjacent one another in a stacked array, a cold water inlet pipe directed through each tank nearest the bottom end, a hot water outlet pipe directed through each tank nearest the top end, a heat conducting plate associated with each tubular member each plate having a pipe in thermal contact therewith, with said pipe having a first opening directed into the bottom of said associated tubular member and a second opening directed into the top of said tubular member, a counter balanced valve member coupled to said storage tank and operative to block said second opening for pressures below a given pressure whereby water flows via said pipe only from said first opening to said second opening to open said valve for said given pressure as dependent upon the heat rise of said heat conducting plates and therefore said associated pipes, said counter balanced valve member comprises an "L" shaped member having a diaphragm section for covering said second opening and forming one half of said "L" with a stem member depending therefrom forming the other half of said "L", with a pivot point located at the base of said "L" and means for pivotally mounting said valve member to said storage tank. 2. The solar water heating apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said inlet and outlet pipes have a series of apertures spaced along the surface thereof to accomodate water flow. 3. The solar water heating apparatus according to claim 1 including a thin layer of glass positioned above each of said heat conducting plates. 4. The solar water heating apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said heat conducting plate is positioned above said associated tubular member and insulated therefrom. 5. The solar water heating apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said pipe is welded to said plate. 6. The solar water heating apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said pipe is soldered to said plate. 7. The solar water heating apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said plates and pipes are fabricated from a good conducting metal, with said tubular members fabricated from an insulator material such as a plastic. 8. The solar water heating apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said tubular members consist of a top and a bottom section centrally secured to form said tubular member. 9. The solar water heating apparatus according to claim 1, further including holding means for holding said heating apparatus at a fixed angle to allow solar energy to impinge upon said heat conducting plates. 