An apparatus for collecting solar energy and converting it to electrical energy utilizing solar panels pivotally mounted to a base such that the panels may be pivoted to a storage position inside said base. Additional solar panels may be pivotally mounted on retractable frame trays which stow inside the base when the panels are pivoted to a horizontal position.
Claims I claim: 1. An apparatus for providing electrical energy from a mobile solar energy power source having collapsible solar energy collecting means, comprising: (a) at least one inner solar energy collecting means for collecting solar energy and converting the solar energy into electrical energy, said inner collecting means having an upper end and a lower end; (b) a main base including a front and a back thereof, said main base pivotally mounted to the lower end of said inner collecting means such that said inner collecting means is free to pivot about the mounting axis between about 0.degree. and about 90.degree. above the horizontal; (c) at least one inner support member for each inner collecting means, said inner support member having a first end and a second end, the first end of said inner support member pivotally connected in proximity to the upper end of said inner collecting means; (d) means for connecting the second end of said inner support means to said main base such that said inner collecting means may be positioned at an angle between about 0.degree. and about 90.degree. above the horizontal; and (e) means for storing the electrical energy received from the inner solar energy collecting means and supplying the energy to an external receptable. 2. The apparatus for providing electrical energy from a mobile solar energy power source as recited in claim 1, additionally comprising a means for transporting the apparatus of claim 1. 3. The apparatus for providing electrical energy from a mobile solar energy power source as recited in claim 2, wherein said inner support connecting means comprises: (a) an inner support member including a longitudinal axis thereof, said inner support member having a plurality of holes along its longitudinal axis between each end thereof; and a prong mounted to said main base in order to mate with any one of the holes along the longitudinal axis of said inner support member. 4. The apparatus for providing electrical energy from a mobile solar energy power source as recited in claim 1, additionally comprising: (a) at least one outer solar energy collecting means for collecting solar energy and converting the solar energy into electrical energy, said outer collecting means having an upper and a lower end; (b) at least one retractable base including a front and a back thereof, the front of said retractable base pivotally mounted to the lower end of said outer collecting means such that said outer collecting means is free to pivot about the mounting axis between about 0.degree. and about 90.degree. above the horizontal, said retractable base mounted to said main base such that movement of said retractable base between a position generally exterior from and in proximity to said main base and a storage position inside said main base is allowed; (d) means for connecting the second end of said outer support means to said retractable base such that said outer collecting means may be positioned at any angle between about 0.degree. and about 90.degree. above the horizontal. 5. The apparatus for providing electrical energy from a mobile solar energy power source as recited in claim 4, additionally comprising means for transporting the apparatus of claim 4. 6. The apparatus for providing electrical energy from a mobile solar energy power source as recited in claim 5, wherein: (a) said inner support connecting means comprises: (i) an inner support member including a longitudinal axis thereof, said inner support member having a plurality of holes along its longitudinal axis between the ends thereof; (ii) A prong mounted to said main base such that said prong mates with any one of the holes along the longitudinal axis of said inner support member; and (b) said outer support connecting means comprises: (i) an outer support member including a longitudinal axis thereof, said outer support member having a plurality of holes along its longitudinal axis between the ends thereof; (ii) a prong mounted to said retractable base such that said prong mates with any one of the holes along the longitudinal axis of said outer support member. 