A solar energy concentrator system having a plurality of concentrator arrays with each of the arrays being made up of a plurality of adjacent longitudinally extending concentrator modules. Each of the concentrator modules has a semi-cylindrically-shaped housing and a semi-cylindrically-shaped cover in order to form an overall cylindrically-shaped structure which provides protection from adverse environmental conditions and withstands high wind loads. Situated within the cover and connected to the housing is a parabolically-shaped concentrator. The concentrator is made up of a plurality of parallelogram-shaped reflector panels mounted adjacent one another on a bias. This arrangement permits the ends of the panels to overlap adjacent modules so as to provide a substantially continuous reflector surface. The reflector surface redirects solar energy onto a plurality of solar cells located within the cover and as a result of the physical makeup of the concentrator components substantially eliminates the problem of cell shadowing.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar energy concentrator system comprising: (a) at least one row of concentrator arrays; (b) each of said concentrator arrays including a plurality of spaced adjacent longitudinally extending concentrator modules; (c) means interconnected between said adjacent concentrator modules for rotatably supporting said concentrator modules as a unit; (d) means operably connected to each end of each of said concentrator arrays for supporting each of said concentrator arrays and for providing controlled rotational movement thereto; (e) each of said plurality of concentrator modules having a semi-cylindrically-shaped housing and a semi-cylindrically-shaped cover secured thereto thereby forming a cylindrically-shaped concentrator module, said cover being made of a material being transparent to the wavelength of said solar energy; (f) means connected to said housing and situated within said cover for receiving said solar energy and for concentrating and directing said solar energy in a predetermined direction, said solar energy receiving and concentrating means including at least one reflector panel, said reflector panel being in the shape of a parallelogram, and means connected to said reflector panel for securing said reflector panel to said housing such that each end of said panel extends a predetermined distance into said space between said adjacent concentrator modules; and (g) means mounted within said cover in optical alignment with said predetermined direction for receiving said concentrated solar energy and for converting said solar energy into electrical power. 2. A solar energy concentrator system comprising: (a) at least one row of concentrator arrays; (b) each of said concentrator arrays including a plurality of spaced adjacent longitudinally extending concentrator modules; (c) means interconnected between said adjacent concentrator modules for rotatably supporting said concentrator modules as a unit; (d) means operably connected to each end of each of said concentrator arrays for supporting each of said concentrator arrays and for providing controlled rotational movement thereto; (e) each of said plurality of concentrator modules having a semi-cylindrically-shaped housing and a semi-cylindrically-shaped cover secured thereto thereby forming a cylindrically-shaped concentrator module, said cover being made of a material being transparent to the wavelength of said solar energy; (f) means connected to said housing and situated within said cover for receiving said solar energy and for concentrating and directing said solar energy in a predetermined direction, said solar energy receiving and concentrating means including a plurality of adjacent reflector panels, each of said reflector panels being in the shape of a parallelogram, and means connected to said reflector panels for securing said reflector panels to said housing on a bias such that the ends of said panels adjacent the ends of said housing of each of said concentrator modules extend a predetermined distance into said space between said adjacent concentrator modules; and (g) means mounted within said cover in optical alignment with said predetermined direction for receiving said concentrated solar energy and for converting said solar energy into electrical power. 3. A solar energy concentrator system as defined in claim 1 wherein each of said reflector panels comprises a plurality of longitudinally extending reflector strips, and said panel securing means mounting said reflector strips in overlapping fashion adjacent one another in a direction transverse to said longitudinal direction. 4. A solar energy concentrator system as defined in claim 3 wherein said panel securing means comprises a frame made of a material having good insulation properties and means interposed between said frame and said reflector strips for compensating for the difference in thermal properties between said reflector strips and said frame. 5. A solar energy concentrator system as defined in claim 4 wherein said solar energy converting means comprises a plurality of longitudinally extending solar cells. 6. A solar energy concentrator system as defined in claim 5 wherein said frame is made of a molded foam material and said compensating means is made of an aluminum substrate. 7. A solar energy concentrator system as defined in claim 6 wherein said concentrator is formed of a parabolically-shaped configuration. 8. A solar energy concentrator system as defined in claim 7 further comprising a plurality of concentrator rows. 9. A solar energy concentrator system as defined in claim 8 wherein said cover is made of a thin sheet of acrylic material. 