Human-powered, front-wheel drive tricycle of a 2DS-1IS (2 driven, steerable-1 independent suspension) format having two steerable front wheels in a fully engineered front end, a multi-triangulated space frame and a single trailing rear wheel mounted in an independent swing-arm type suspension. A chain drive system (21+speeds) includes a crank assembly mounted on a prow ahead of the front wheels driving a transfer gear and differential to the split front axle. A transfer gear caliper/disc braking system ahead of the differential provides braking force equally distributed to both front wheels regardless of road conditions, resulting in anti-skid properties. Track/wheelbase ratios above 0.45 provide stability and excellent handling; FWD provides excellent traction. Preferably, all wheels are of the same 20" diameter. Rider is in a semi-recumbent, supine position with handlebars, having shift and braking controls, mounted beneath a rigid seat. Shoulder harness and seat belt system are provided. Faired, semi-faired and unfaired models disclosed, with full fairing including an open-top cockpit, NACA inlets and safety lighting system, capable of speeds in the 40-60 mile-per-hour range. Crank motor assist, rear wheel motor drive, and PTO for Third World usage shown.
Claims I claim: 1. A human rider powered tricycle of a 2-1 configuration comprising in operative combination: (a) a triangulated space frame; (b) a front-end assembly which includes a pair of steerable front wheels; (c) means for driving said front wheels mounted on said frame which includes gears and a crank assembly engageable by said human rider; (d) a seat mounted on said frame rearwardly of said front wheels, said seat being adapted to provide a semirecumbent, supine riding position for said rider, said seat having a seat portion and a rigid back portion adapted to resist thrust from the hips of said rider; (e) a single trailing rear wheel mounted on said frame; (f) means for steering said front wheels; and (g) said steering means including handlebars pivotally mounted beneath said seat to said frame. 2. A tricycle as in claim 1 wherein: (a) said drive means includes a differential mounted in association with a front drive axle, and (b) said front axle is disposed in the tricycle front end. 3. A tricycle as in claim 2 which includes: means for braking said front wheels mounted in association with said drive means ahead of said differential. 4. A tricycle as in claim 3 wherein: (a) said drive means includes a drive transfer hub; and (b) said front wheel brake means includes a brake disc mounted on said transfer hub. 5. A tricycle as in claim 4 which includes: a rear wheel caliper brake assembly mounted in association with said rear wheel. 6. A tricycle as in claim 5 which includes: (a) means for actuating said front and rear wheel brake means; (b) means for actuating shifting of said gears; and (c) said brake and gear shift actuator means are mounted on said handlebars. 7. A tricycle as in claim 4 wherein said drive means includes: (a) a crank assembly having rider-operated pedals; (b) a main drive means mounted on said transfer hub; (c) first means for transferring power from said main gear to said main drive means; and (d) second means for transferring power from said transfer hub to said differential. 8. A tricycle as in claim 7 wherein: (a) said crank assembly includes at least one chain ring; (b) said main drive means includes a gear cluster; (c) said first drive transfer means is a chain; and (d) said second drive transfer means includes a transfer gear mounted on said transfer hub, and a chain. 9. A tricycle as in claim 8 wherein (a) said crank and chain ring assembly is mounted on a prow portion of said frame; and (b) said prow includes a bottom bracket in which said crank is journaled. 10. A tricycle as in claim 9 wherein: (a) said bottom bracket is mounted ahead of said drive axle; and (b) said crank includes a plurality of chain rings. 11. A tricycle as in claim 10 wherein: said chain rings and main drive gear cluster provide at least 21 forward speeds. 12. A tricycle as in claim 7 wherein: said frame includes an independent rear wheel suspension assembly of the swing arm type. 13. A tricycle as in claim 12 wherein: (a) said swing arm suspension includes a spring tower assembly, and (b) a shock absorber assembly. 14. A tricycle as in claim 13 wherein: said spring tower assembly includes means for adjusting the position of said spring to adjust the trim of said frame. 15. A tricycle as in claim 12 in which: (a) said main drive axle is split at said differential and includes intermediate axle members joined by universals; and wherein said front-end assembly includes; (b) a pair of kingpin assemblies; (c) said front wheels are mounted on stub axles journaled in said kingpin assemblies; (d) a track rod linkage assembly pivotally joining said kingpin assemblies, and wherein said front wheel steering means includes: (e) a drag link pivotally connected between at least one of said kingpins and said handlebars. 16. A tricycle as in claim 15 wherein: said front end is set up with caster and camber inclination in the ranges of 1.degree. to 21/2.degree., and Ackerman compensation of 5.degree..+-.3.degree.. 17. A tricycle as in claim 16 wherein the vertical axes of inclination of said kingpins pass inside the rims of said wheels. 18. A tricycle as in claim 17 wherein said front end is set up with zero toe in/toe out. 19. A tricycle as in claim 15 wherein the track/wheelbase ratio is above 0.45. 20. A tricycle as in claim 19 wherein said track/wheelbase ratio is above 0.6. 21. A tricycle as in claim 19 wherein all three wheels are the same size. 22. A tricycle as in claim 21 wherein the wheels are 20" diameter wheels. 23. A tricycle as in claim 20 wherein the front wheels are 20" diameter wheels. 24. A tricycle as in claim 23 wherein said wheels include tires mounted on hook bead rims. 25. A tricycle as in claim 7 which includes: a shoulder harness assembly secured to said frame to prevent said rider from sliding upward in said seat. 26. A tricycle as in claim 25 which includes: a seat belt secured to said frame. 27. A tricycle as in claim 15 which includes: a shoulder harness assembly secured to said frame to prevent said rider from sliding upward in said seat. 28. A tricycle as in claim 27 which includes: a seat belt secured to said frame. 29. A tricycle as in claim 7 which includes: means for adjusting the position of said seat on said frame. 30. A tricycle as in claim 29 wherein: (a) said crank is mounted on a prow portion of said frame; and (b) the length of said prow is adjustable for various sized riders. 31. A tricycle as in claim 15 which includes: means for adjusting the position of said seat on said frame. 32. A tricycle as in claim 31 wherein the length of said prow is adjustable for various sized riders. 33. A tricycle as in claim 9 which includes: a motor for assisting said rider to power said tricycle. 34. A tricycle as in claim 33 wherein said motor assist includes: (a) means for assisting pedaling connected to said crank assembly; and (b) said motor being one of an internal combustion engine and an electric motor. 35. A tricycle as in claim 33 wherein said motor assist includes: (a) means for transferring motor power to said rear wheel; and (b) said motor being one of an internal combustion engine and an electric motor. 36. A tricycle as in claim 34 wherein said motor is electric, and includes a battery and a solar battery charging unit. 37. A tricycle as in claim 35 wherein said motor is electric, and includes a battery and a solar battery charging unit. 38. A tricycle as in claim 1 which includes: at least partial fairing. 39. A tricycle as in claim 38 wherein: said fairing covers at least a portion of said frame. 40. A tricycle as in claim 38 wherein: (a) said fairing is a full-body shell enclosing said frame, said shell having openings for said wheels; and (b) said frame includes means for mounting said body shell thereon. 41. A tricycle as in claim 40 wherein: said body shell includes an openable cockpit hatch for entry and exit by said rider, and said hatch includes a clear windshield. 42. A tricycle as in claim 41 wherein: said windshield is open at the top to permit at least a portion of said rider's head to project through said opening. 43. A tricycle as in claim 42 wherein: said body shell includes a plurality of air inlets. 44. A tricycle as in claim 38 wherein: said wheels are faired. 45. A tricycle as in claim 43 wherein: said wheels are faired. 46. A tricycle as in claim 43 wherein said body shell has a streamlined configuration. 47. A tricycle as in claim 38 which includes: a safety lighting system which includes at least one front and one rear light. 48. A tricycle as in claim 47 wherein: said lighting system includes directional signals. 49. A tricycle as in claim 47 wherein: said lighting system includes at least one strobe-type warning light. 50. A tricycle as in claim 48 which includes: (a) a plurality of rear lights; (b) means for controlling the sequencing of said lights; and (c) means disposed of said handlebars for rider initiation of illumination of said lights. 51. A tricycle as in claim 1 which includes: a safety lighting system which includes at least one front and one rear light. 52. A tricycle as in claim 51 wherein: said lighting system includes directional signals. 53. A tricycle as in claim 51 wherein: said lighting system includes at least one strobe-type warning light. 54. A tricycle as in claim 52 which includes: (a) a plurality of rear lights; (b) means for controlling the sequencing of said lights; and (c) means disposed on said handlebars for rider initiation of illumination of said lights. 55. A tricycle as in claim 1 which includes: at least one other seat mounted to said frame. 56. A tricycle as in claim 55 wherein: (a) said other seat is for a second human rider, which seat is disposed in a relationship selected from side-by-side and fore-aft with respect to said first seat; and (b) said drive means includes a second crank assembly operable by said second rider. 57. A tricycle as in claim 55 wherein: said other seat is disposed to receive a plurality of passengers. 58. A tricycle as in claim 10 wherein: (a) the axis of said bottom bracket lies within 2 in. above or below a horizontal longitudinal line passing through the axis of the rider's hip joints. 59. A tricycle as in claim 58 wherein: (a) the included angle of inclination .theta. between said seat back and said horizontal longitudinal line is 130.degree..+-.20.degree.. 60. A tricycle as in claim 1 which includes: a power take-off assembly selectively engageable by said drive means. 61. A tricycle as in claim 60 wherein: said PTO is mounted on said frame, and includes a rotatable shaft and means for providing rotational power to said shaft. 62. A tricycle as in claim 61 wherein: (a) said drive means includes a drive transfer hub; and (b) said rotational power means includes a means for transferring power from said hub to said rotatable shaft mounted in association with said hub. 63. A tricycle as in claim 62 wherein: (a) said transfer means on said hub includes a transfer gear and a chain; and (b) said rotational power means includes a gear mounted in association with said PTO shaft. 64. A tricycle as in claim 62 wherein: said PTO includes output power means comprising at least gears, pulleys and combinations thereof. 65. A tricycle as in claim 64 wherein: said PTO includes a flywheel mounted in association with said PTO shaft. 66. A tricycle as in claim 64 which includes: means for maintaining said front wheels out of contact with a surface so they are free to rotate, thereby acting as flywheel mass. 67. A tricycle as in claim 1 which includes: means for carrying loads comprising at least a rack, pannier, bag, platform, basket, container, seat, compartment, dumpable body, and combinations thereof. 68. A tricycle as in claim 1 which includes: means for monitoring from time to time the operation of the rider and/or the vehicle. 69. A tricycle as in claim 1 wherein: said frame includes a steel alloy, a plastic, wood, bamboo, and/or titanium. 70. A tricycle as in claim 69 wherein: said frame is an alloy of 10-20-5 DOM mandrel drawn steel. 71. A tricycle as in claim 46 wherein said shell streamlined configuration comprises: (a) in plan view, a generally lozenge shape with a gently rounded nose portion extending ahead of said crank assembly, the widest portion of the lozenge shape being adjacent the front wheels so that the lozenge shape is assymetric front to back, the back portion being longer than the front portion, and having a tail portion terminating just behind the rear wheel, and said cockpit hatch is disposed with its longitudinal centerpoint approximately half the distance between the tail portion termination and the widest portion adjacent the front wheels; (b) in side elevation view, a generally bomb-shaped front portion extending from said cockpit hatch forward, the front portion tapering backwardly to a raised tail section behind said cockpit hatch, the tail portion terminating vertically below the top of a rider's head and sloping downwardly in the tail portion to terminate just behind said rear wheel; (c) in front elevation, a generally circular nose portion flaring to shoulder portions above the front wheels, and a raised, rounded central hump between the shoulder portions rising to said cockpit hatch; (d) in rear elevation, a generally vertical rectangular tail tapering smoothly to a generally pear-shaped midsection adjacent the longitudinal center portion of said cockpit hatch; and (e) said plurality of air inlets disposed in the upper surface of said body shell between said nose portion and the shoulder portions, said cockpit hatch having at least one opening permitting a draw of air from said air inlets through said shell to cool the rider while said tricycle is in motion. 