A stationary solar heating device is disclosed herein for heating water usable for domestic or industrial purposes which provides a solar ray collector assembly having a conical shell retained on a supporting base having a conical arrangement of tubular coils carried on the exterior surface thereof. The coils are characterized as having a generally circular cross section with a flat mounting side adjacent to the conical shell for maximum thermal transference to a circulating fluid carried by the coils. A transparent or light permeable protective shield encloses the entire collector assembly and opposite ends of the tubular coil at the base and the apex respectively serve as fluid input and output conduits. An air relief valve is operably coupled into the topmost coil of the assembly and the interior of the shell is substantially insulated to preserve heat in the shell and in the fluid carried by the tubular coils. An anchoring system is provided for coupling the protective shield and the collector assembly together into a unitary construction and which includes a cable tie-down arrangement for securing the complete solar heating device in a stationary, non-movable manner to a roof or ground foundation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A stationary solar heater for heating a fluid comprising the combination of: a conical solar ray collector assembly having a circular base with an upwardly sloping exterior terminating in an apex; said assembly including a substantially conical arrangement of coils for carrying the fluid intended to be heated; said assembly further includes a conical shell supporting said conical arrangement of coils on an exterior surface thereof; a conical protective shield of light permeable material concentrically disposed over said conical solar ray collector assembly having an inner surface opposing said shell exterior surface in fixed spaced apart relationship; anchoring means operably coupling said shell to said collector assembly via their coaxial and concentrically disposed apexes and extending outwardly to support said collector assembly and shield in a fixed and non-movable position; said anchoring means includes fastener means joining said shield and collector assembly together at their respective apexes and at least three tie-down cables connected at one end to said fastener means and radiating outwardly from the apex; said fluid carrying conical coil includes an air relief valve operably coupled into the topmost coil of said arrangement of coils; a layer of insulation material carried on the interior surface of said shell embedding a portion of said coil to preserve heat in said fluid carrying coils; said conical arrangement of coils consists of a single curved course of tubing continuously wound about itself to provide a continuous conical array of coils coaxially related wherein each coil is spaced apart from adjacent coils in said conical array; said single curved course of tubing includes a continuous flat surface immediately adjacent to said shell exterior surface so as to be in heat transference relationship therebetween; and said tubing is characterized as having a generally circular cross section with a flat mounting side adjacent to the external surface of said shell for maximum thermal transference to the circulating fluid carried by said coils. 2. The invention as defined in claim 1 wherein: said shell is substantially occupied by a fluid storage container operably connected with said coils to collect and store heated fluid. 3. The invention as defined in claim 2 including: a circular base supporting said conical solar ray collector assembly and said protective shield. 4. The invention as defined in claim 3 wherein: said shell is composed of aluminum and/or copper; and said shell exterior surface is covered with a black pigmented coating. 