An apparatus is disclosed for the support and organization in a compact and efficient manner of the various components required for a solar heating system. Of importance are a pair of elongated upstanding members mounted in spaced apart relation for positioning therebetween of a pair of superimposed pumps and unitarily mounted electric motor drives therefor. The upstanding members are formed with internal passages and ports for the close and compact support of the balance of the components required for the solar loop circuit and a heat exchanger heated fluid such as potable water or spa water or various combinations of heated fluids.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A support and organizer for components of solar heating systems and the like comprising: a pair of elongated members mounted in substantially parallel relation and being spaced apart by a distance permitting positioning therebetween of a pair of superimposed pumps and unitarily mounted electric motor drives therefor and further permitting mounting directly upon the top of a storage tank; said elongated members being formed with internal passages terminating in a first pair of ports and a second pair of ports adapted for connection to and supporting a heat exchanger, said heat exchanger having a tubular source heated fluid passage and a tubular exchange heated fluid passage, said exchange heated fluid passage being formed and positioned within said source heated fluid passage, each of said fluid passages terminating in ports, said first pair of ports of said elongated members being connected to said source heated fluid passage ports and said second pair of ports of said elongated members being connected to said exchanger heated fluid passage ports; said elongated members being further formed with passages communicating with said internal passages and terminating in ports adapted for connection to a source of heated fluid and said storage tank and further being adapted for connection to and support of an expansion tank; said source heated fluid passage and said first pair of ports providing a heated source loop circuit comprising an inlet connection from said heat source, one of said pumps, said source heated fluid passage, and said expansion tank, and said exchange heated fluid passage and said second pair of ports providing a heated transfer loop circuit comprising an inlet connection for said storage tank, an outlet connection for said storage tank, the other of said pumps, and said exchanger heated fluid passage. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein, one of said elongated members is formed with a third port providing a mounting for a pressure relief valve and being connected to a third passage connecting said pressure relief valve in parallel with said heated source loop circuit. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein, one of said elongated members is formed with a third port providing a mounting for a pressure gauge and being connected to a third passage connecting said gauge in parallel with said heated source loop circuit. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein, said third port is adapted to function as a fill port for said heated source fluid circuited. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein, the other of said elongated members is formed with a third port providing a mounting for a check valve adapted for connection in series in said heated transfer loop circuit to prevent reverse thermosyphoning on cooling of said heated source fluid. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein, said check valve is positioned between said storage tank inlet and said exchange heated fluid passage. 