A modular solar radiation concentrator consists of many identical reflective panels (1), each having the shape of a portion of the surface of a sphere. The panels (1) are mass produced, mounted between a pair of horizontal beams (2) so they can partially rotate about two orthogonal axes, and aligned as part of multi-beam (2) modules (3) on a test fixture so that all panels (1) reflect distant radiation upon a small aperture (36). Spaced occur between all panels (1) when mounted in the concentrator. The reflector support structure (4) has a finite number of identically angled bends so that the overall reflector (47) approximates the surface of a sphere. A solar radiation receiver (34) is hingedly suspended to the support structure (4) at the focal point of each of the panels (1). The reflector (47) is mounted upon an azimuth/elevation mount (6, 46), which rotates reflector (47) 360.degree. about a vertical azimuth axis and 90.degree. or more about an orthogonal elevation axis.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A point focusing solar radiation concentrator comprising: a reflector consisting of at least one module, each module comprising several reflective panels each having uniform size and shape, each panel having a surface area which is a portion of a sphere, and each panel being substantially equidistant from a small focal aperture; and a solar radiation receiver fixedly positioned at said focal aperture; wherein the distance between said focal aperture and each panel is substantially equal to one half of the radius of curvature of said panel; said panels are individually pointed to reflect solar radiation onto said focal aperture; and each module comprises at least two identical piecewise-straight parallel beams, wherein each panel is mounted between first and second beams within a single module; an elongated axle, orthogonal to each of the first and second beams and having first and second ends, is associated with each panel, said axle coupling the panel to the first and second beams; each axle is mounted substantially flush onto a back surface of its associated panel so that the panel pivots about a first axis substantially coincident with the long axis of the axle; associated with each panel is means for firmly holding said panel in a desired angular position about said first axis; and further associated with each panel at the intersection of the first beam and the first end of the associated axle, and substantially orthogonal to each of the first beam and the axle, is an elongated mounting member; whereby the axle is variably mounted transversely along said elongated mounting member, thus allowing the panel to partially pivot about a second axis orthogonal to the first axis. 2. The concentrator of claim 1 wherein the optical projection of the reflector onto its focal plane has a rectangular contour, the periphery of each of the panels is geometrically a square, and open spaces exist between adjacent panels. 3. The concentrator of claim 1 wherein the total surface area of the reflector can be varied by changing at least one of the set comprising the number of panels and the number of modules. 4. The concentrator of claim 1 wherein the number of modules is at least two. 5. The concentrator of claim 1 further comprising a support brace approximately following the contour of a portion of a sphere, wherein the beams but not the panels are attached directly to the brace; and the receiver is positioned by means of several receiver supports each of which is attached to the receiver and to the brace. 6. The concentrator of claim 5 wherein the brace has three brace support points for permitting support for the concentrator: two hinged brace support points and one brace support point that accommodates an articulating erecting screw. 7. The concentrator of claim 5 wherein the brace comprises a central region having a first pair of straight parallel elements, a second pair of straight parallel elements orthogonal to the first pair of elements, and two straight diagonal elements each interlinking the first and second pairs of elements, said central region providing attachment points for a module associated therewith; wherein the first pair of elements is extended bent beyond the central region, said bent extension providing points of attachment for modules not associated with the central region. 8. The concentrator of claim 1 in which the second end of the axle is coupled to the second beam via a ball and socket, whereby the second axis is substantially coincident with the long axis of the second beam. 