A solar tracking mechanism utilizes a semicircle collector trough body having an inner concave surface having a focal point at the center of the circle defined by the uppermost flat surface of the trough body, the upper flat portion of the trough body normally being generally horizontally disposed. A plurality of solar collection modules mounted in a matrix about said concave surface, each of the modules comprising a radial passageway formed in the concave surface along a line intersecting the focal point. A strip of thermally expandable material mounted in the passageway with normally open switch means positioned adjacent said thermally expandable strip for switching an electrical circuit between on/off positions respectively responsive to expansion/contraction of said strip.
Claims What is claimed as invention is: 1. A solar tracking mechanism comprising: a. a semispherical collector body having an inner concave surface with a center focal point; b. a plurality of solar collection modules mounted within the body on the concave surface in a matrix with each of the modules having a passageway that communicates with the concave surface, each passageway aligning with a radius of the concave surface center focal point; c. a strip of thermally expandable material mounted within the passageway; d. switch means associated with the thermal strip and positioned adjacent thereto so that expansion and contraction of the thermally expandable strip actuates the switch responsively between on and off positions. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a conical shroud having a thin conical wall provided with a matrix of perforations therethrough, said shroud having a circular base corresponding to the uppermost circular surface of said body. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a mounting plate position beneath said shroud and above said trough defining a support therebetween. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said strip of material is metallic. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said passageway provides a narrow opening communicating with said concave surface and an inner expanded section line with non-reflective material. 