A house siding solar panel for the efficient conversion of solar radiation into usable heat energy, which includes an aesthetically pleasing housing having forwardly beveled side edges so that the panels may be mounted directly to the side of the house much like conventional siding, and present an aesthetically pleasing apearance. The front wall of the housing is a prismatic lens which serves to direct diffuse solar radiation perpendicularly rearward to a highly heat-absorbent and conductive selective surface plate positioned parallel to the lens. Unheated air from the room to be heated is introduced into an air channel behind this plate. The air channel extends substantially over the rear surface of the plate and allows the unheated air to conductively obtain heat energy from the plate, which causes said air to convectively rise to a heated air outlet, wherein the heated air can be transported for the heating of the interior of the house. A thermostatically controlled unheated air vent associated with the fan allows the selective introduction of unheated air to the panel. Likewise, a thermostatically controlled heated air duct selectively allows the heated air to be transported for use. Specially designed air diffusers at opposite ends of the air channel next to the plate force the unheated air to be uniformly distributed over the width of the plate as it travels convectively upward. These diffusers present less air passage openings at the center of the panel where the air inlets and outlets are attached in fluid communication, and present greater air passage openings towards each end of each diffuser so that air is forced to uniformly distribute across the air channel.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A house siding solar panel comprising: a housing having a front wall, a back wall, end walls, and side walls defining a chamber, and an air inlet and air outlet; a front sunlight-exposed surface defining said front wall of said chamber and having such properties as to pass substantially all the incident solar radiation striking said surface perpendicularly rearward into said chamber regardless of the angle of incidence of said radiation; a highly heat absorbent and heat conductive selective plate positioned in said chamber, spaced between and parallel to said sunlight-exposed surface and said back wall so that an airtight first layer of air exists between said plate and said sunlight-exposed surface and a second layer of air exists between said plate and said back wall, whereby the heat energy of said perpendicularly passed solar radiation is absorbed by said plate and said heat energy is conductively transferred to said second air layer; means for introducing unheated air to said air inlet for channeling to said second air layer at selected times; means for uniformly distributing unheated air throughout said second air layer which enters through said air inlet comprising a fan forcing said unheated air to pass through said air inlet and a diffuser means mounted in said second layer of air which urges said unheated air coming from said unheated air inlet to spread out evenly over said second air layer; and means for removing heated air, which has conductively absorbed said heat energy from said plate, from said second air layer through said air outlet at selected times. 2. The device of claim 1 wherein said housing is of rectangular shape having beveled top and bottom end walls converging from said back to said front sunlight-exposed surface and perpendicular vertical sides, said housing being adaptable to be fitted either singly or in combination with other said solar panels on the side of a house or other suitable structure. 3. The device of claim 1 wherein said front sunlight-exposed surface comprises a solar radiation passing prismatic plate which directs diffuse solar radiation perpendicularly rearward regardless of said radiation's angle of incidence upon said sunlight-exposed surface. 4. The device of claim 3 wherein said sunlight-exposed surface comprises a prismatic acrylic surface. 5. The device of claim 1 wherein said heat plate comprises a copper, heat-absorbing selective surface. 6. The device of claim 1 wherein a layer of insulation material is positioned against the interior surface of said back, its forwardmost surface being adjacent to said second air layer. 7. The device of claim 6 wherein a layer of heat reflecting material is disposed against the forwardmost surface of said layer of insulation. 8. The device of claim 1 wherein said means for introducing unheated air to said air inlet comprises: (a) an elongated, horizontal air register having openings for the entrance of said unheated air into said register, said register being positioned in the interior of the area to be heated; (b) A thermostatically controlled, adjustably closeable and openable unheated air vent positioned inside said air register and covering said air inlet. 9. The device of claim 8 wherein said thermostatically controlled air vent comprises: (a) a vent plate extending across and around said air inlet, said vent plate having a plurality of uniformly spaced openings along its length; (b) a vent cover having matching uniformly spaced openings along its length and being slidably adjustably mounted over said vent plate; (c) a thermostatically controlled actuator attached to said vent cover, which when not activated, holds said vent cover in such position that said openings of said vent cover are not aligned with said openings of said vent plate so that air cannot pass through said vent, but that when activated, slidably moves said vent cover so that said openings of said vent cover and said vent plate openings are in alignment to allow passage of unheated air through said vent. 10. The device of claim 8 wherein the outer edges of said unheated air vent have means attached to said edges to disallow passage of air around said edges. 11. The device of claim 8 wherein said vent cover of said unheated air vent has a coupling means attached to its top surface for the attachment of a connecting rod connecting the vent cover of an unheated air vent of an adjacent solar panel for concurrent utilization of said thermo-actuator. 12. The device of claim 11 wherein said coupling means comprises an L-shaped ear member having one leg attached to said vent cover and the other leg extending perpendicularly upward and having an aperture for attachment of said connecting rod by connecting means. 13. The device of claim 8 wherein said air vent is variably adjustable so as to allow the variable intake of unheated air into said air inlet, said intake ranging from a fully closed air vent to a fully open air vent. 14. The device of claim 1 wherein said diffuser means comprises: first and second elongated diffuser pieces having air passage openings disposed along their lengths and being of such configuration that an increasingly larger opening area is presented the farther the distance from the middle of said diffuser piece. said middle of said diffuser piece being positioned closest to said unheated air inlet, said first diffuser piece being positioned close to said air inlet, said second diffuser piece being positioned close to said air outlet. 15. The device of claim 14 wherein said diffuser piece further comprises an elongated strip having rectangular slots of varying widths cut out along its length, said slots being narrow at said middle of said diffuser piece and becoming increasingly wider towards both ends of said diffuser piece, so that air striking said middle of said diffuser piece will be forced to uniformly spread out to the larger openings at the sides of said diffuser pieces, and be uniformly distributed after passing through said diffuser piece. 16. The device of claim 1 wherein said means for removing heated air from said second air layer comprises: (a) said heated air outlet connected in fluid communication with said second layer of air; (b) an air duct connected in fluid communication with said air outlet and extending from air outlet to carry said heated air to an area for use; and (c) a thermostatically controlled air gauge which hingedly closes and opens located in said air duct. 17. The device of claim 16 wherein said air outlet comprises a three inch flexible dryer circular-in-cross-section duct pipe. 18. The device of claim 16 wherein said air duct comprises a rectangular-in-cross-section hollow housing connected in fluid communication with said air outlet and the area to be heated. 19. The device of claim 16 wherein said air duct is connected in fluid communication with said air outlet and with the air distributor means of a furnace for said house. 20. The device of claim 16 wherein said thermostatically controlled air gate comprises: (a) a hingedly adjustable door which matingly fits within the interior of said air duct; (b) a thermostatically controlled actuator operably connected to said door. 21. The device of claim 16 wherein said air duct is connected in fluid communication with air outlets of a plurality of solar panels and said air gate is positioned so as to control air movement out of said air duct. 22. The device of claim 16 wherein said air gauge is variably adjustable so as to allow the variable outlet of heated air, said outlet ranging from a fully closed air gate to a fully opened air gate. 23. The device of claim 1 wherein said solar panel may be directly mounted to the existing siding of said house by mounting means. 24. The device of claim 1 wherein said air inlet is located lower than said air outlet. 25. The device of claim 1 wherein said air inlet is located adjacent to the bottom edge of said housing. 26. The device of claim 1 wherein said air outlet is located adjacent to the top edge of said housing. 27. The device of claim 1 wherein said unheated air inlet is located at the bottom of said housing and said heated air outlet is located at the top of said housing so that the air in said second layer of air convectively is caused to continuously move from said bottom to said top of said second layer of air of said housing. 