The present invention provides apparatus for tracking the sun which reorients itself immediately in the absence of sunlight. Large and small cannisters are provided at the respective ends of a pivotable frame. When the sun is not normal to the plane containing the cannister, the near cannister is shaded from direct sunlight and the far cannister is exposed. A conduit is provided between the cannisters, and a quantity of volatile fluid is located in the cannisters and conduit. The liquid volume of the volatile fluid is greater than that of the small cannister plus the conduit, but less than the volume of the large cannister. A gas spring fluid is located in the large cannister, which has a vapor pressure sufficient to force the volatile fluid into the small cannister in the absence of sunlight on the east cannister.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Apparatus for tracking the sun comprising: a pivotable frame; large and small cannisters located at the respective ends of the frame, the large cannister having a volume V.sub.L larger than the volume V.sub.S of the small cannister; means for shading the cannister nearer to the sun more than the cannister farther from the sun when the rays of the sun are not normal to the plane of the cannisters; a conduit providing fluid communication between the cannisters and having a volume V.sub.C ; a quantity of volatile fluid in the cannisters and conduit having a liquid volume V.sub.F defined by the limits V.sub.S +V.sub.C <V.sub.F <V.sub.L, so that sufficient solar heating of the small cannister relative to the large cannister forces all of the liquid volatile fluid from the small cannister to purge it of any foreign gasses; and a gas spring fluid in the large cannister having a vapor pressure sufficient to force the volatile fluid into the small cannister in the absence of sunlight so that the frame tilts toward the small cannister at nightfall and at other times when sunlight does not strike the small cannister. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the frame is pivotable about a generally north/south axis, and where the large and small cannisters are located at the west and east ends of the frame respectively so that movement of the sun from east to west during the day heats the small east cannister to raise the vapor pressure of volatile fluid in the east cannister and force the liquid content of the fluid into the east cannister and tilt the frame eastward to follow the sun, the gas spring forcing the volatile fluid back to the small cannister at nightfall in preparation for the morning sunrise. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein the axis of the frame is inclined to horizontal to direct the frame toward the path of the sun. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein the cannisters are elongate and positioned parallel to the inclined pivotal axis of the frame. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 wherein the conduit joins the low ends of the cannisters. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the frame comprises a drive louver biased toward a horizontal position and having a back edge and a front edge, the small cannister being located at the back edge of the drive louver and the large cannister being located at the front edge of the drive louver, so that the presence of sunlight heats the small cannister relative to the large cannister to transfer fluid to pivot the drive louver to block sunlight, and in the absence of sunlight fluid is returned to the small cannister and the drive louver returns to its horizontal position. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 and additionally comprising a plurality of driven louvers connected to the drive louver. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the frame comprises a cover having a front edge which moves from a lower closed position to a raised open position, the small cannister being located at the front edge of the cover and the large cannister being located at the opposite, rear edge; and wherein the shading means comprises means for shading the large cannister from sunlight at all times. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 and additionally comprising a batch water heater underlying the cover so that the water heater is exposed to sunlight when sunlight is available and covered when sunlight is not available. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the shading means comprises shadow bars over each cannister, each shadow bar extending from a position on the side of the cannister opposite from the pivotal axis of the frame to a position immediate over the centerline of the cannister. 11. Apparatus for tracking the sun comprising: a base fixed relative to the earth; a frame pivotably attached to the base so that the frame has an east end and a west end and is pivotable about a generally north/south axis, the axis being inclined to horizontal to direct the frame toward the path of the sun; small and large elongate cannisters at the east and west ends of the frame respectively parallel to the pivotal axis of the frame so that one end of each cannister is lower than the other end of such cannister, the small cannister having a volume V.sub.S smaller than the volume V.sub.L of the large cannister; a pair of shadow bars over the respective cannisters, each shadow bar extending from a position on the side of the cannister opposite from the pivotal axis of the frame to a position immediately over the centerline of the cannister; a conduit providing fluid communication between the low ends of the cannisters and having a volume V.sub.C ; a quantity of volatile fluid in the cannisters and conduit which is a liquid at ambient temperatures having a volume V.sub.F defined by the limits V.sub.S +V.sub.C <V.sub.F <V.sub.L, movement of the sun from east to west heating the small cannister to raise the vapor pressure of the volatile fluid in the small cannister and force the liquid content of the fluid into the large cannister and tilt the frame eastward to follow the sun; and a gas spring fluid in the west cannister having a vapor pressure sufficient to force the volatile fluid to the small cannister in the absence of sunlight so that the frame tilts back toward the small cannister at night in preparation for the morning sunrise. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 or 11 wherein the frame includes a flat mounting surface for solar panels. 13. The apparatus of claim 1 or 11 wherein pivoting of the frame is limited to .+-.55.degree. from vertical. 14. A louver system for providing shade from sunlight comprising: a plurality of louvers pivotable about parallel axes; means for interconnecting the louvers so that said louvers pivot in unison; a small cannister having a volume V.sub.S located along the back edge of one of the louvers; a large cannister having a volume V.sub.L larger than V.sub.S mounted along the front edge of one of the louvers; means for shading the large cannister from the sun; a conduit providing fluid communication between the cannisters and having a volume V.sub.C ; a quantity of volatile fluid in the cannisters and conduit having a liquid volume V.sub.F defined by the limits V.sub.S +V.sub.C <V.sub.F <V.sub.L, so that sufficient solar heating of the small cannister relative to the large cannister forces all of the liquid volatile fluid from the small cannister to purge it of foreign gasses; and a gas spring fluid in the large cannister having a vapor pressure sufficient to force the volatile fluid into the small cannister. 15. The louver apparatus of claim 14 wherein the louvers are pivotable about horizontal axes, and additionally comprising means for biasing the louvers toward a horizontal position so that the louvers return to the horizontal position when sunlight does not strike the small cannister. 16. Apparatus for exposing a medium in the presence of sunlight and covering the medium in the absence of sunlight, said apparatus comprising: a cover; means for pivotably mounting the cover so that the cover is pivotable between a closed position overlying the medium and a open position which allows sunlight to strike the medium; a small cannister located at the front edge of the cover and having a volume V.sub.S ; a large cannister located at the rear edge of the cannister and having a volume V.sub.L larger than V.sub.S ; means for shading the large cannister from sunlight; a conduit providing fluid communication between the cannisters and having volume V.sub.C ; a quantity of volatile fluid in the cannisters and conduit having a liquid volume V.sub.F defined by the limits V.sub.S +V.sub.C <V.sub.F <V.sub.L, so that sufficient solar heating of the small cannister relative to the large cannister forces all of the liquid volatile fluid from the small cannister to purge it of foreign gasses; and a gas spring fluid in the large cannister having a vapor pressure sufficient to force the volatile fluid into the small cannister in the absence of sunlight so that the cover closes at nightfall and at other times when sunlight is not available, the cover being balanced so that movement of the volatile fluid from the small cannister to the large cannister when sunlight is available opens the cover. 17. The apparatus of claim 16 wherein the medium comprises a batch water heater. 18. The apparatus of claim 1, 11, 14 or 16 wherein the gas spring fluid is condensible at ambient temperatures. 19. The apparatus of claim 1, 11, 14 or 16 wherein V.sub.F is slightly greater than V.sub.S +V.sub.C. 20. The apparatus of claim 1, 11, 14 or 16 wherein the small cannister includes a reservoir for trapping a relatively small volume of the volatile fluid in the small cannister, whereby the trapped volume is last to evaporate and sweeps foreign gasses from the small cannister into the large cannister. 21. The apparatus of claims 1, 11, 19 or 16 wherein the volatile fluid is selected from the group consisting of R-12 and R-22. 