This invention is an improved solar energy cavity receiver for exposing materials and components to high temperatures. The receiver includes a housing having an internal reflective surface defining a cavity and having an inlet for admitting solar radiation thereto. A photothermal absorber is positioned in the cavity to receive radiation from the inlet. A reflective baffle is positioned between the absorber and the inlet to severely restrict the re-radiation of energy through the inlet. The front surface of the baffle defines a narrow annulus with the internal reflective surface of the housing. The front surface of the baffle is contoured to reflect incoming radiation onto the internal surface of the housing, from which it is reflected through the annulus and onto the front surface of the absorber. The back surface of the baffle intercepts infrared radiation from the front of the absorber. With this arrangement, a high percentage of the solar power input is retained in the cavity; thus, high internal temperatures are attained.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Apparatus for absorbing a beam of concentrated solar power for utilization comprising: a cavity receiver having internal reflective surfaces and an inlet for transmission of solar radiation into the cavity; a radiation absorber having front and back surfaces mounted within the cavity; a baffle provided with front and back reflective surfaces; means for mounting said baffle within said cavity between said front surface of said absorber and said inlet enabling said front surface of said baffle to intercept directly substantially all of the radiation entering the cavity and reflect said radiation to said absorber via secondary reflection from the internal surfaces of the cavity and enabling said back surface of said baffle to intercept substantially all of the infrared radiation emitted from the front surface of the absorber. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 in which the reflective back surface of the baffle has a low infrared radiation absorptance. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 in which the reflective front surface of the baffle has a low solar radiation absorptance. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 in which the inlet to the cavity receiver is enclosed by a window of a material such as fused silica or sapphire for containing a gaseous atmosphere within the cavity. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 in which the baffle is generally in the shape of a cone, said back surface being the base of said cone. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 in which the front surface of the baffle is the conical surface of the cone. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 in which the back surface of the baffle is configured to promote diffuse reflection of infrared radiation received from the absorber comprising mechanical contouring such as a concentric series of V-grooves. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 in which an annular projection within the cavity projects toward the baffle to restrict escape of radiation from the absorber, said projection having a forward face which has a low solar-radiation absorptance and a rearward face which has a low infrared radiation absorptance. 9. Apparatus for absorbing a beam of concentrated solar power for utilization, including a cavity receiver having an inlet for transmission of solar radiation into the cavity, a radiation absorber within the cavity, and in which said cavity is provided with internal reflective surfaces, and a radiation trap positioned within the cavity between the inlet and the absorber adjacent said inlet to intercept directly substantially all of the solar radiation transmitted through said inlet, said trap having a surface of low solar radiation absorptance and which reflects impinging rays toward the internal reflective surfaces of the cavity for directing the same toward the absorber, and in which said trap has a back surface confronting the absorber, said back surface being of low infrared radiation absorptance. 