A solar heater for swimming pools is provided having one or more heating panels installable on a roof or the like and arranged to discharge into a pool equipped with an apron without need for disturbing or obstructing the apron. This is accomplished by the provision of an elevated bistable dumper adjacent the perimeter of the apron having a dispensing spout normally inclined upwardly but pivoting at intervals to discharge into the pool across the apron without obstructing it. Water to be heated is diverted from the pool filtering system to the solar heater via a pressure regulator and a solar responsive flow control.
Claims I claim: 1. Solar water heating apparatus for use with a swimming pool surrounded by an apron comprising: solar heater means supported in an inclined elevated position adjacent the outer perimeter of said pool apron; first duct means for supplying water to be heated to the upper end of said solar heater means for gravity flow therethrough; bistable water collecting and dumping means adjacent the inner perimeter of said pool apron operable to discharge the contents thereof when substantially full into said pool; and duct means positioned at a height above said pool apron adequate to avoid obstructing the free passage therepast of persons using said pool apron and having its ends interconnecting said bistable water collecting and dumping means and the lower outlet end of said solar heater means; and said solar heater means positioned at a substantial height above said bistable water collecting and dumping means. 2. Solar water heating apparatus as defined in claim 1 characterized in that said collecting and dumping means comprises water container means pivotably supported for movement between an upright filling position and a nonupright dumping position, and means for restoring said collecting means to said upright position for refilling with water from said heater means after dumping water therefrom. 3. Solar heating apparatus as defined in claim 1 characterized in that said water collecting and dumping means includes third duct means carried thereby with one end opening into the interior of said collecting means and adapted to convey water therefrom across the pool apron and into the pool without interfering with the use of underlying portions of said apron by a passer by. 4. Solar heating apparatus as defined in claim 3 characterized in that said third duct means projects outwardly and upwardly from said collecting and dumping means while said collecting means is filling with water from said heating means and pivoting with said collecting means to a downwardly inclined position to dump water into the pool. 5. Solar heating apparatus as defined in claim 3 characterized in that said third duct means extends diagonally across the interior of said water collecting means with the lower end anchored adjacent one lower corner of said collecting means and having one or more ports distributing therealong opening into said collecting means, and said third duct means passing through the diagonally opposed upper corner of said collecting means. 6. Solar heating apparatus as defined in claim 5 characterized in that said third duct means extends through the lower corner of said collecting means and includes a length of flexible hose opening into the discharge end of said second duct means. 7. Solar heating apparatus as defined in claim 1 characterized in that said first means includes sun controlled thermally responsive valve means operable to admit water to said solar heater means when activated by the sun. 8. Solar heating apparatus as defined in claim 1 characterized in the provision of water level control means for admitting water to be heated to the upper end of said heater means at a generally uniform static pressure head. 9. Solar water heating apparatus as defined in claim 1 characterized in that said heater means comprises a panel of sheet material corrugated lengthwise thereof; and said water supply duct for said heater means including flow control means for discharging water onto the upper end of said panel at a generally uniform static head of water. 10. Solar water heating apparatus as defined in claim 9 characterized in that said water flow control means includes thermal valve means operable to the open position thereof when heated to a predetermined temperature by the sun and closed when not so heated. 11. A method of returning heated water from a solar water heater mounted on the roof of a building to an adjacent swimming pool of the type surrounded by a masonry apron without disturbing said apron and without obstructing the use of said apron by a passerby which improvement comprises: mounting a bistable container substantially above the pool apron and adjacent the outer edge thereof which container is normally biased to an upright filling position and is temporarily tiltable automatically to a non-upright dumping position when filled with a predetermined quantity of water; conducting heated water from said solar heater to said bistable container by duct means positioned sufficiently above said masonry apron as not to obstruct the use of said apron by a passerby; and providing said container with dispensing duct means operable to dump the contents thereof across the pool apron and into the pool when tilted to said non-upright position without obstructing the use of the apron by a passerby. 12. That method defined in claim 11 which comprises the step of providing said bistable container with means for arresting and cushioning the approach of said container to said upright and non-upright positions. 13. That method defined in claim 11 which comprises the step of providing said container with means for counterbalancing the same to said upright position after a predetermined quantity of water has been dispensed therefrom while tilted to said non-upright position. 14. That method defined in claim 11 which comprises the step of attaching said dispensing means to said container so as to be inclined upwardly when the container is upright and to be inclined downwardly across a pool apron when said container is in said non-upright water dispensing position. 15. That method defined in claim 11 characterized in the steps of withdrawing water from the swimming pool and discharging it onto the upper end of said solar heater. 