A primary reflector formed as a modified pyramid having a polygonal base located in open exposure to the sun has faces above the base which include reflecting surfaces that intersect at obtuse angles along lines lying in planes perpendicular to the base. The reflecting surfaces form a dihedral and are constructed of an externally mirrored material to reflect light impingent thereon into a concentrated field of reflection. At least one and preferably a plurality of secondary reflectors are located within the concentrated field of reflection and are oriented to return light reflected from the dihedral surfaces to the apex of the pyramid. A solar energy collector is located at the apex of the primary reflector to concentrate solar energy reflected first from the primary reflector and then from the secondary reflectors. The secondary reflectors may either be stationary within the path of movement of the concentrated field of reflection, or driven to follow the concentrated field of reflection as it moves throughout a solar day.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar energy collecting system comprising a primary reflector located in open exposure to the sun and formed of a plurality of intersecting reflecting surfaces, at least some of which are bounded by at least two adjacent arris lines of a pyramid having a polygonal base, and at least a pair of said reflecting surfaces bounded by said adjacent arris lines intersect at an obtuse angle in a line which lies in a plane perpendicular to said base, whereby said pair of reflecting surfaces defines a dihedral, and the reflecting surfaces bounded by said two arris lines reflect light impingent thereon into a concentrated field of reflection, and when projected onto a plane defined by said two arris lines, define a face of said pyramid, at least one secondary reflector located within said concentrated field of reflection and oriented to return light reflected from said reflecting surfaces of said primary reflector to the apex of said pyramid, and solar energy collection means located so as to receive light reflected to the apex of said pyramid. 2. A solar energy collecting system according to claim 1 in which the sine of one half said obtuse angle is about 0.999952. 3. A solar energy collecting system according to claim 1 in which the lower edge of said dihedral lies in a plane parallel to and spaced above said pyramid base, and the portion of said face of said primary reflector between said lower edge of said dihedral and said pyramid base is comprised of: a reflecting surface shaped as an isosceles triangle having a base lying within said pyramid base and equidistant from adjacent corners of said pyramid base and parallel to the side of said pyramid base extending between said adjacent corners, and reflecting surfaces shaped as parallelograms defined by the lower edge of said dihedral, by said pyramid base adjacent said base of said isosceles triangle, by the sides of said isosceles triangle and by arris lines extending to said adjacent corners of said pyramid. 4. A solar energy collection system according to claim 1 in further comprising secondary reflector mounting means located outside of said pyramid and within the path of movement of said concentrated field of reflection, and a plurality of secondary reflectors are mounted in mobile fashion upon said secondary reflector mounting means, and further comprising driving means to move said secondary collectors upon said mounting means to maintain them in said concentrated field of reflection throughout at least a portion of a solar day. 5. A solar energy collecting system according to claim 1 in which said adjacent arris lines intersect said base at adjacent corners of said pyramid, and the ratio of the vertical elevation of said apex above said base to the distance between said adjacent corners is about 0.64 to 1 and the ratio of the length of one of said arris lines to the distance between said adjacent corners is about 0.95 to 1. 6. A solar energy collecting system according to claim 1 in which edges of said plurality of reflecting surfaces define four arris lines and the reflecting surfaces bounded by adjacent arris lines, when projected onto the four planes defined by the corresponding intersecting, adjacent arris lines, define a pyramid having four equal faces and a square base, and said primary reflector has a polygonal base with at least eight sides and is circumscribed within and coplanar with said square base of said pyramid, and the corners of said square pyramid base are coincident with some of the corners of said polygonal primary reflector base, and said primary reflector has a plurality of pairs of reflecting surfaces each bounded by a pair of adjacent arris lines, and the reflecting surfaces within each of said pairs intersect at the same obtuse angle above said polygonal primary reflector base to form dihedrals. 7. A solar energy collecting system according to claim 6 further characterized in that opposite sides of said square pyramid base respectively face the true north and true south poles of the earth. 8. A solar energy collecting system according to claim 1 in which the aforesaid dihedral is a first dihedral and the upper edge of said first dihedral lies in a plane parallel to and spaced above said base, and the portion of said primary reflector bounded by said adjacent arris lines between said upper edge of said first dihedral and the apex of said pyramid is comprised of further reflecting surfaces that intersect at an obtuse angle in a line which lies in said plane perpendicular to said base, whereby said further reflecting surfaces form a second dihedral, and the planes in which the further reflecting surfaces of said second dihedral lie are at greater angles relative to said base than the planes in which the reflecting surfaces of said first dihedral lie. 9. A solar energy collecting system according to claim 1 in which there are a plurality of secondary reflectors located at varying distances from the base of said pyramid, and said secondary reflectors are inclined from the horizontal at angles that increase with distance of said secondary reflectors from a line joining the closest adjacent corners of said pyramid base. 10. A solar energy collecting system according to claim 9 further characterized in that said secondary reflectors are located at elevations that increase with distance of said secondary reflectors from a line joining the closest adjacent corners of said pyramid base. 11. A solar energy collecting system according to claim 9 in which said secondary reflectors are located in stationary positions. 12. A solar energy collecting system according to claim 10 further characterized in that at least one of said secondary reflectors is located adjacent the base of said pyramid at an elevation below the grade of said base. 13. A solar energy collecting system according to claim 10 further characterized in that the furthest of said secondary reflectors is mounted at a level low enough to allow incidence of solar light on said primary reflector throughout the solar year. 14. A solar energy collecting system according to claim 12 further characterized in that said secondary reflector located adjacent the base of said pyramid is located a distance below the grade of said base equal to about 0.00398 times the length of a side of said polygonal base. 15. In a solar energy collecting system comprising a reflector disposed on the surface of a backing, the improvement comprising a plurality of planar reflecting surfaces arranged in fixed disposition relative to each other, pairs of said planar surfaces intersecting each other along a line, said line oriented at a non-perpendicular angle to the surface of the backing, said surfaces forming at least one fixed obtuse angle said surfaces reflecting light impingent thereon into a concentrated field of reflection including a region of double reflection, a solar energy collection means, and means for moving said reflector to track the sun while maintaining said reflecting surfaces in the aforesaid fixed disposition relative to each other so that said collection means is continuously located within said region of double reflection. 16. In a solar energy collecting system employing a solar energy collector and at least one reflector for focusing light into said solar energy collector, comprising a backing at least two planar reflecting surfaces which are arranged in fixed disposition relative to each other and which intersect along a line to form at least one obtuse angle and which reflect light impingent thereon into a region of overlapping reflections said line oriented at a non-perpendicular angle to the surface of the backing, and means for mounting said reflector in mobile fashion to track the azimuth and zenith of the sun according to inputs determined by latitude and longitude, time of solar day, and the date of the solar year to maintain said reflector in focus on said solar energy collector with said solar energy collector remaining in said region of overlapping reflections while said reflecting surfaces remain in said fixed disposition relative to each other. 17. A solar energy collecting system according to claim 16 in which said means for mounting moves said reflector in arcs in both horizontal and vertical planes to maintain said reflector in focus on said solar energy collector. 18. A solar energy collection system comprising a primary reflector located in open exposure to the sun and having a plurality of inclined reflecting surfaces, at least some of which are bounded by at least two adjacent arris lines of a pyramid having a polygonal base with adjacent corners defined by the intersection of said adjacent arris lines therewith, and at least two of said bounded reflected surfaces intersect each other at an obtuse angle along a line equidistant from said adjacent corners of said pyramid base, so as to reflect light impingent thereon into a concentrated field of solar reflection, at least one secondary reflector located within said concentrated field of solar reflection, and oriented to reflect light from said intersecting reflecting surfaces to the apex of said pyramid defined at the intersection of said adjacent arris lines, and solar energy collection means located to receive light reflected to said apex of said pyramid. 19. A solar energy collection system according to claim 18 in which said reflecting surfaces are constructed of externally mirrored material. 20. A solar energy collection system according to claim 18 comprising a plurality of secondary reflectors mounted in mobile fashion and means for driving said secondary reflectors to remain within said concentrated field of solar reflection as said field moves throughout a solar day. 21. A solar energy collecting system according to claim 18 in which the ratio of the distance of the apex of said pyramid above said polygonal base is about 0.636201719 to 1. 22. A solar energy collecting system according to claim 18 in which said pyramid has a square base and said primary reflector has a polygonal base inscribed within said pyramid base such that the corners of said pyramid base are coincident with some of the corners of said primary reflector base and said primary reflector has at least three levels of reflecting surfaces defined between said polygonal primary reflector base and said apex of said pyramid and between adjacent arris lines of said pyramid which levels are delineated by at least two separate planes spaced above said polygonal base and parallel thereto, and the lowest level of said reflective surfaces includes a reflecting surface shaped an an isosceles triangle having a base forming one of the sides of said poylgonal primary reflector base and positioned equidistant from said adjacent corners of said pyramid base and parallel to and inset from a line extending between said adjacent corners, and said lowest level also includes reflecting surfaces shaped as mirror image parallelograms on either side of said isosceles triangle and contacting each other only at the apex of said isosceles triangle, and said level of surfaces immediately above said lowest level includes mirror image quadrilateral reflecting surfaces defined between portions of said adjacent arris lines and intersecting at said obtuse angle to form a first dihedral, and the next highest level of said reflective surfaces includes a second dihedral defined between portions of said adjacent arris lines and the reflecting surfaces of said second dihedral lie in planes forming greater angles with said polygonal base than do the planes in which said reflecting surfaces of said first dihedral lie. 23. A solar energy collecting system according to claim 22 in which the ratio of the length of said base of said isosceles triangle to the distance between said adjacent pyramid base corners is about 0.0039 to 1. 24. A solar energy collecting system according to claim 22 in which the ratios of the distances of separation of said two planes delineating said levels of reflecting surfaces from said polygonal base, relative to the distance between said adjacent pyramid base corners are about 0.1272 to 1 and 0.5726 to one. 25. In a system for collecting reflectable electromagnetic radiation, comprising a reflector disposed on the surface of a backing, the improvement comprising planar reflecting surfaces which are disposed in fixed positions relative to each other and which intersecting each other along a line, said line oriented at a non-perpendicular angle to the surface of the backing and forming at least one obtuse angle, said surfaces reflecting electromagnetic radiation impingent thereon into a concentrated field of reflection including a region of high intensity double reflection, an electromagnetic energy collector, and means for driving said reflector to maintain said region of high intensity double reflection centered upon said collector while maintaining said reflecting surfaces at said fixed positions relative to each other. 26. A solar energy collecting system comprising a primary reflector located in open exposure to the sun and shaped to form at least a portion of a modified pyramid having an otherwise square base modified so that at least one of the sides of said pyramid is bifurcated at obtuse angles to form reflecting surfaces which intersect at a dihedral angle along the apothem of the pyramid, at least one secondary reflector located within the field of reflection of said reflecting surfaces of said modified pyramid and oriented to return light reflected from said reflecting surfaces of said modified pyramid to the apex of said modified pyramid, and a solar energy collector located so as to receive light reflected to the apex of said modified pyramid. 27. A solar energy collecting system comprising a primary reflector located in open exposure to the sun and constructed to form at least a porton of a modified pyramid having a plurality of reflecting faces mounted on a polygonal base, at least one of the enclosed angles of which is a reentering angle, said modified pyramid having at least two reflecting faces intersecting the sides of said polygon forming said reentering angle, at least one secondary reflector located within the field of light reflection from the aforesaid two reflecting faces of said primary reflector and oriented to reflect light therefrom to the apex of said pyramid, and a solar energy collector located to receive light reflected to the apex of said primary reflector. 28. A solar energy collecting system according to claim 27 in which said polygonal base is an equilateral octagon, alternate enclosed angles of which are reentering angles, and said reflecting faces are formed as pairs of trapezoids having corresponding sides of equal length, the trapezoids in each pair intersecting in a dihedral angle. 29. An electromagnetic radiation collecting system comprising a primary reflector located in open exposure to a source of reflectable electromagnetic radiation and having a plurality of inclined reflecting surfaces, at least some of which are bounded by at least two adjacent arris lines of a pyramid having a polygonal base, and at least two of said bounded reflecting surfaces intersect each other at an obtuse angle in a line which lies in a plane perpendicular to said base, whereby said reflecting surfaces form a dihedral so as to reflect electromagnetic radiation impingent thereon into a concentrated field of reflection, at least one secondary reflector located within the concentrated field of reflection of said reflecting surfaces of said primary reflector and oriented to return electromagnetic radiation reflected from said reflecting surfaces of said primary reflector to the apex of said pyramid, and electromagnetic radiation collecting means located so as to receive electromagnetic radiation reflected to the apex of said primary reflector. 30. A solar energy collection system comprising a primary reflector located in open exposure to the sun and having a plurality of inclined reflecting surfaces, at least some of which are bounded by at least adjacent arris lines of a pyramid having a polygonal base with adjacent corners defined by the intersection of said adjacent arris lines therewith, and at least two of said bounded reflecting surfaces intersect each other at an obtuse angle along a line equidistant from said adjacent corners of said pyramid base, so as to reflect light impingent thereon into a concentrated field of solar reflection, and at least one secondary reflector, tracking means for moving said secondary reflector to maintain said secondary relector within said concentrated field of solar reflection while said concentrated field of reflection exists, means for orienting said secondary reflector to reflect light from said intersecting reflecting surfaces to the apex of said pyramid and for reorienting said secondary reflector to receive direct rays of the sun in the absence of said concentrated field of solar reflection so that said secondary reflector thereupon reflects the direct rays of the sun and focuses them toward the apex of said pyramid, and solar energy collection means located so as to receive light reflected to said apex of said pyramid. 