A solar tracking system is disclosed which includes a solar powered motor coupled to a rotatable collector using a high reduction gear arrangement. The collector rotates about pivot bearings and is counterbalanced about such bearings by counterweights. A light sensor which actuates the motor when illuminated by sunlight is mounted in relation to one of the counterweights so that the counterweight casts a shadow over the sensor when the collector has moved to a position slightly before the position where the sun is aligned with the collector. At this point, the motor is de-energized and the inertia of the motor, collector and counterweights in cooperation with the gear arrangement causes the collector to coast into alignment with the sun.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a solar tracking system including a fixed-support, collector means for collecting the sun's rays along an axis, pivot bearings for rotatably attaching the collector means to the support, motive means for applying a force to rotate the collector means, and sun sensor means for energizing the motive means when exposed to sunlight, the improvement comprising: shadow producing means mounted to rotate with the collector means for preventing the exposure of the sun sensor to sunlight when the axis of the collector means approaches the position of the sun to within a predetermined angle; and means for coupling the motive means to the collector means so that the inertia of the motive means, the collector means and the shadow producing means causes the collector means to coast about the pivot bearings an amount substantially equal to the predetermined angle when the motive means is de-energized. 2. The system of claim 1 in which the shadow producing means includes a counterweight used to counterbalance the collector means about the pivot bearings. 3. The system of claim 1 in which the motive means includes a motor, and the means for coupling includes a high reduction gear train for coupling the motor to the collector means. 4. The system of claim 1 in which the collector means is a parabolic collector. 5. A solar tracking system including a mounting yoke attached to a fixed base, a parabolic collector mounted to a tracking yoke; first and second pivot bearings for rotatably attaching the tracking yoke to the mounting yoke so that the collector may rotate to track the azimuth position of the sun; first and second counterweights mounted to the tracking yoke to counterbalance the collector about the pivot bearings; a solar sensor mounted within a tube which is attached to the tracking yoke in a position which causes the first counterweight to cast a shadow over the sensor when the collector axis approaches the position of the sun to within a predetermined angle; a motor; solar cells for powering the motor; means for connecting the sensor to the motor and the solar cells so that the motor is energized whenever the sensor is exposed to sunlight; and a gear reducer for coupling the motor to the tracking yoke to rotate the tracking yoke when the motor is energized and to permit the tracking yoke to coast about the pivot bearings an amount substantially equal to the predetermined angle when the motor is de-energized. 6. The system of claim 5 in which the counterweights are spherical. 7. The system of claim 5 in which the predetermined angle is two degrees. 8. The system of claim 5 in which the motor output shaft rotates at approximately 5900 RPM, and the gear reducer reduces the motor speed so that the tracking yoke is driven at approximately 1 RPM. 