This collector comprises a reflector (1) formed by a plurality of reflecting elements (6) engaged between consecutive frames (2). Each of the frames is formed by two members (7) moulded from Zanak and fixed to an aluminium beam (11) having a triangular cross-sectional shape. Each pair of members (7) defines arms (17) whereby the reflector is rotatively mounted on a fixed absorber tube (3). The latter is protected by a transparent hood (28) fixed on supports (4) disposed on each side of the reflector. A device (34, 35, 37) for adjusting the angular position of the reflector is provided at at least one end of the collector.
Claims Having now described our invention what we claim as new and desire to secure by Letters Patent is: 1. A solar energy collector comprising a trough-like concave reflector having an axis through the focus of the reflector, a heat absorber tube disposed along and coincident with said axis, a heat transfer fluid circulating in said tube, pivot means pivotably and detachably mounting said reflector on said heat absorber tube, said pivot means comprising frames carrying the reflector and spaced apart along said axis, each frame including an arm having an end portion defining a fork which has two spaced-apart branches defining an opening and an entrance to said opening which is narrower than said opening for receiving and removing said tube in a direction radially of said axis and releasable locking means engaged in said opening for retaining said tube in said opening, said locking means comprising, for each fork, ring means having an inside diameter for receiving said tube and an outside shape which is such as to enable the ring means to be engaged inside said opening of the respective fork in a first rotational position of the ring means relative to the fork and to lock the ring means in the fork after rotation of the ring means about said axis to a locking position, said ring means being releable from the fork by rotation of the ring means from said locking position to said first rotational position thereof. 2. A collector according to claim 1, wherein said end portion of each arm defines a partly annular fork partly surrounding the absorber tube, said opening is part-circular, said entrances has a width less than the diameter of said part-circular opening, and said ring means has an outside diameter such as to enable the ring means to fit in said part-circular opening. 3. A collector according to claim 1, wherein the reflecting surface of the reflector comprises sheet elements covered with a film of aluminized plastics material, and having edge portions engaged in confronting grooves of two consecutive frames, ends of said elements being engaged in passageways provided in joint covers which form reinforcing struts for longitudinal edge portions of the reflector and are fixed to free ends of said members forming said frames. 4. A solar energy collector comprising a concave cylindro-parabolical reflector having an axis through the focus of the reflector, a heat absorber tube disposed along and coincident with said axis, a heat transfer fluid circulating in said tube, pivot means pivotably and detachably mounting said reflector on said heat absorber tube, said pivot means comprising frames carrying the reflector and spaced apart along said axis and including arms, each arm having an end portion in the shape of a partly annular fork partly surrounding the absorber tube and defining an opening and an entrance to said opening for receiving and removing said tube in a direction radially of said axis, and a releasable locking element of an insulating material engaged in said openings for locking each fork on the tube, said locking element comprising a ring formed by two semi-rings each of which semi-rings comprises on opposite sides thereof projections which define therebetween a passage whose width is equal to the thickness of the respective fork, said projections extending in a portion of the periphery of the ring which is slightly smaller than said entrance defined by the respective partly annular fork. 5. A collector according to claim 4 wherein each frame comprises two identical members of moulded metal, each of which members has a curved side defining the shape of the reflector, said members being assembled in pairs so that the curved sides are in the extension of each other. 6. A collector according to claim 3, wherein the reflecting surface of the reflector comprises sheet elements covered with a film of aluminized plastics material and having edge portions engaged in confronting grooves of two consecutive frames, ends of said elements being engaged in passageways provided in joint covers which form reinforcing struts for longitudinal edge portions of the reflector and are fixed to free ends of said members forming said frames. 7. A collector according to claim 4, comprising supports disposed on each side of the reflector, on which supports the absorber tube is mounted, and means for adjusting the angular position of the reflector relative to said supports. 8. A collector according to claim 7, wherein the means for adjusting the angular position of the reflector comprise a hoop member fixed to at least one end of the reflector, a rack mounted on said hoop member, a toothed member cooperative with the rack, a lever pivotally mounted on the corresponding support and carrying the toothed member, and elastically yieldable return means for biasing said lever in a direction to maintain the toothed member engaged with the rack. 9. A collector according to claim 5, comprising a film of transparent material held taut on edges of the reflector for protecting the reflector. 10. A collector according to claim 9, wherein each of the members which form said frames has, at a free end thereof, a projection provided with a groove for receiving a rod for tensioning said film which is wound round said rod, means for maintaining said film under tension being associated with at least one of the rods. 11. A collector according to claim 4, wherein the absorber tube comprises a central tube and a peripheral tube coaxial with and defining with the central tube a passageway for the supply of cold water or discharging hot water, while the central tube forms a pipe discharging hot water or supplying cold water. 12. A collector according to claim 11, comprising a storage tank to which the collector is connected, the central tube being connected to one of upper and lower parts of the tank while the peripheral tube is connected to another of said upper and lower parts of the tank. 13. A solar energy collector comprising a troughlike concave reflector having an axis through the focus of the reflector, a heat absorber tube disposed along and coincident with said axis, a heat transfer fluid circulating in said tube, pivot means pivotably and detachably mounting said reflector on said heat absorber tube, said pivot means comprising frames carrying the reflector and spaced apart along said axis and including arms having end portions defining openings for receiving and removing said tube in a direction radially of said axis, and releasable locking means engaged in said openings for retaining said tube in said openings, said reflector being of cylindro-parabolical shape, said end portions of said arms defining a partly annular fork at the end of each arm and surrounding the absorber tube, and said locking means comprising an element of an insulating material locking each fork on the absorber tube, each frame comprising two identical members of moulded metal, each of which members having a curved side defining the shape of the reflector, said members being assembled in pairs so that the curved sides are in the extension of each other. 14. A collector according to claim 13, wherein each of the members which form in pairs said frames comprises an arm portion terminating in an end portion in the shape of a portion of a ring and comprising means for assembling with complementary assembling means provided on the other of said arm portions, the assembly of the two arm portions of two juxtaposed members constituting said arm connected to the absorber tube. 15. A collector according to claim 14, wherein said assembling means are moulded in one piece with said member. 16. A collector according to claim 13, wherein said members constituting a frame each comprise at least one rectilinear side, by which side they are assembled with a beam of triangular cross-sectional shape comprising lateral flanges, each member being fixed to the beam by fixing means cooperative with the corresponding flange of the beam. 17. A collector according to claim 13, wherein each of said members constituting said frames has on each side of its curved side a groove of parabolical shape, and an element of reflecting material having an edge portion is received in said groove so as to define the surface shape of the reflector. 18. A collector according to claim 13, wherein the reflecting surface of the reflector comprises supporting sheet elements having edge portions engaged in confronting grooves of two consecutive frames, ends of said sheet elements facing outwardly being folded so as to form reinforcing struts fixed to free ends of the members forming said frames, a sheet forming a substrate covered with a film of aluminized plastics material being superimposed on said supporting elements. 19. A solar energy collector comprising a troughlike concave reflector having an axis through the focus of the reflector, a heat absorber tube disposed along and coincident with said axis, a heat transfer fluid circulating in said tube, pivot means pivotably and detachably mounting said reflector on said heat absorber tube, said pivot means comprising frames carrying the reflector and spaced apart along said axis and including arms having end portions defining openings for receiving and removing said tube in a direction radially of said axis, and releasable locking means engaged in said openings for retaining said tube in said openings, said reflector being of cylindro-parabolical shape, said end portions of said arms defining a partly annular fork at the end of each arm and surrounding the absorber tube, and said locking means comprising an element of an insulating material locking each fork on the absorber tube, said collector further comprising a protective hood of transparent material which caps the absorber tube. 20. A collector according to claim 19, wherein said hood comprises a tube open in the direction of the reflector and bearing on bearing surfaces of said locking elements and prevented from rotating by radial stops provided on said locking elements. 