An apparatus for the collection of solar heat energy and a solar collector for use therewith in which a fluid media is conducted to flow in heat exchange relation with a heat absorber that can be selectively activated and deactivated for use without disassembly of the apparatus and in which the heat absorber is enclosed within a heat exchanger having a plurality of chambers at least one of which is in the path of the direct rays of the sun, but which permits an exchange and equalization of temperatures in all of the chambers while the whole is enclosed in an outer housing.
Claims What I claim is: 1. Apparatus for the collection of solar heat energy and its transference to a fluid media to be heated comprising an elongated housing having a transparent front panel, an arcuate rear panel and a pair of opposed side walls, said rear panel having a reflecting surface directing the solar energy along an elongated line of focus, an elongated heat collector extending substantially along the line of focus between said side walls, said heat collector comprising a hollow elongated transparent tubular support and an inner tubular heat exchanger formed of a plurality of curved elongated absorbent sheets in surface engagement along their edges with adjacent sheets to provide outwardly extending elongated projections, and means for releasably retaining said sheets in surface engagement with the elongated projections thereof spaced in and from said tubular support to define a plurality of heat chambers therebetween, said means spacing each of the projections out of contact with said tubular support to define gaps therebetween for the free circulation and flow of the fluid media between said tubular support chambers, and duct means extending through said side walls respectively for communication with each end of said heat collector for the passage therethrough of a fluid media to be heated. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said tubular support is of triangular cross-section formed of a plurality of sides connected at the corners of the triangle, and said tubular heat exchanger being formed of three sheets engaged along their elongated edges the projections of which extend toward the corners of the connected sides of said tubular support. 3. The apparatus according to claim 2 wherein said heat absorbent sheets are individually removable from said tubular support. 4. The apparatus according to claim 2 wherein said means for releasably retaining heat absorbent engaged sheets insulate said heat exchanger and heat collector from contact with each other. 5. A solar heating system comprising a plurality of collectors, each collector comprising an oblong housing having at least one pair of opposed side walls and a heat absorbing core arranged therebetween, said heat absorbing core having a transparent outer tubular support of polygonal cross-section mounted in fluid-tight arrangement at each end to the respective side walls of said housing, and an inner heat absorber having an axial passageway and removably mounted with said outer tubular support, said heat absorber having a polygonal cross-section other than that of said outer tubular support to form a plurality of elongated chambers therebetween, each of the opposed side walls of said housing having a hole formed therein in registry with the axial passageway of said inner heat absorber, each said hole being sufficiently large in cross-section to permit removal of said inner heat absorber from said outer tubular support, said collectors being serially arranged with their side walls in abutment and their adjacent holes in registry with each other whereby the axial passageway of the inner heat absorber of one collector is connected with the axial passageway of the inner heat absorber of the adjacent collector. 6. The system according to claim 5 wherein the housing of each collector is elliptical in cross-section and is provided with a pair of longitudinal edges and said system includes a pair of V-shaped mounting rails opposed to each other into which said elliptical housing is slidably received, said longitudinal edges entering into said V-shaped rails. 7. The system according to claim 6 including seal means interposed between abutting collectors to maintain said registry holes fluid-tight. 8. A heat collector for a solar heating device comprising a transparent elongated outer tubular support having a polygonal cross-section and an elongated inner tubular heat absorber; said heat absorber having a polygonal cross-section different from that of said outer tubular support and a central axial passageway for the passage of a fluid media to be heated, each side of said absorber being concave to define a chamber with a side of the outer tubular support; and means between said outer tubular support and said heat absorber for mounting said absorber within said outer tubular support to space said heat absorber from said tubular support to form said chambers in circumferential communication between said outer tubular support and heat absorber for the circumferential communicating flow of a fluid between said chambers. 9. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said outer tubular support is triangular in cross-section. 10. The apparatus according to claim 1 or 9 wherein said heat absorber is shaped as a tri-cusped hypocycloid. 11. The apparatus according to claim 10 wherein said heat absorber is formed of three elongated sheets abutting along their adjacent edges, and mounting means for releasably holding together the elongated abutting edges of adjacent ones of said sheets in heat exchanging contact. 12. The apparatus according to claim 11 wherein said means for holding together the sheet abutting edges comprises an insulating clip in which said abutting edges are frictionally held together and are spaced and insulated from contact with said outer tubular support. 13. The apparatus according to claim 11 wherein said clips frictionally engage the tubular support for releasably mounting said heat absorber within said tubular support to provide said spaces therebetween for the communicating flow of fluid between said chambers and permit relative movement between said tubular support and heat absorber for removal of said heat absorber from within said tubular support. 14. In a solar collector, an elongated heat absorbing and exchange assembly comprising an outer substantially triangular tube and a plurality of curved individual elongated heat absorbing sheets arranged adjacent to each other in cross-section in a polygon to form an elongated central conduit through which a heated fluid medium flows within and for the length of said outer triangular tube and defining with said outer triangular tube a plurality of heat exchange chambers about said central conduit, said individual sheets each being slidably removable from said outer triangular tube to deactivate said heat absorbing and exchange assembly and being slidably insertable thereinto to reactivate said heat absorbing and exchange assembly, and means securing said sheets relatively spaced from said outer triangular tube to insulate and space said sheets and tube from each other to enable a circumferential flow of fluid between said chambers. 15. In a solar collector as in claim 14, said heat absorbing and exchange assembly being enclosed by a housing, said housing comprising an arcuate reflecting panel and a transparent cover each connected together substantially flud-tight along their lengths, and side walls closing the opposite sides of said housing and each side wall having an opening defined therein to provide access to said heat absorbing and exchange assembly. 16. In a solar collector as in claim 15, said access openings in said side walls communicating fluid media to said central conduit and said plurality of heat exchange chambers and enabling slidable insertion and removal and heat absorbing sheets into and from said housing. 17. In a solar collector as in claim 14, said securing means releasably securing said sheets together and defining said space between said sheets and outer triangular tube to provide communicating fluid passageways between said plurality of heat exchange chambers for the flow of fluid therebetween to equalize the temperatures therein. 