A colorimeter for continuously monitoring the concentration of an ionic species in an aqueous solution comprises a source 30 of optical radiation, a flow cell 10 including three flow chambers 11, 12 and 13 interconnected so that a sample of the solution can pass through each flow chamber in succession, and photodetector devices 41, 42 and 43 positioned to respond to radiation transmitted through the solution in the flow chambers 11, 12 and 13, respectively. The lengths of the three flow cells are different from each other to provide a continuous real-time calibration check based upon photodetector responses to radiation transmitted through different quantities of the solution. Electronic circuitry interconnecting the radiation source 30 and the photodetector devices 41, 42 and 43 maintains the intensity of the radiation emitted by the source 30 at a substantially constant value.
Claims We claim: 1. A colorimeter for continuously measuring concentration of an ionic species in an aqueous solution, said colorimeter comprising: (a) a source of optical radiation; (b) a plurality of flow chambers through which a sample of said solution can pass, said flow chambers being interconnected so that said sample of said solution passes through each of said flow chambers in succession, each of said flow chambers admitting radiation from said source into said sample simultaneously, said flow chambers being configured so that said radiation from said source is transmitted through a different quantity of said sample in each flow chamber; (c) a plurality of first photodetectors, each one of said first photodetectors being responsive to intensity of radiation from said source transmitted through said sample in a corresponding one of said flow chambers, each one of said first photodetectors generating an electrical output indicative of the concentration of said ionic species in said sample of said solution in said corresponding one of said flow chambers, electrical outputs from said plurality of first photodetectors being generated simultaneously; (d) a second photodetector responsive to intensity of radiation emitted by said source; and (e) electronic circuitry interconnecting said radiation source and said second photodetector, said circuitry maintaining the intensity of said radiation emitted by said source at a substantially constant value. 2. The colorimeter of claim 1 wherein said radiation source is housed in a container having windowed sidewalls, each of said flow chambers being of generally cylindrical configuration, a first end of each of said flow chambers being positioned adjacent a corresponding windowed sidewall of said radiation source container. 3. The colorimeter of claim 2 wherein each one of said first photodetectors is positioned at a second end of a corresponding one of said cylindrically configured flow chambers. 4. The colorimeter of claim 1 further comprising means for gathering said radiation from said source into a plurality of collimated beams for admission into said sample of said solution in a corresponding one of said flow chambers. 5. The colorimeter of claim 2 further comprising lens means interposed between the first end of at least one of said flow chambers and said radiation source to collimate said radiation admitted into said sample of said solution in said one of said flow chambers. 6. The colorimeter of claim 1 further comprising optical filter means interposed between said radiation source and at least one of said flow chambers. 7. The colorimeter of claim 2 further comprising a bandpass filter interposed between the first end of at least one of said flow chambers and the corresponding windowed sidewall of said radiation source container. 8. The colorimeter of claim 3 wherein each one of said first photodetectors comprises a photovoltaic cell having a current output response that is substantially linearly proportional to intensity of said radiation transmitted through said sample of said solution in said corresponding one of said flow chambers. 9. The colorimeter of claim 1 wherein each one of said first photodetectors generates an electrical current output that serves as input to a current-to-voltage converter, said current-to-voltage converter comprising an operational amplifier producing an electrical voltage output that is linearly proportional to the intensity of said radiation transmitted through said sample of said solution in said corresponding one of said flow chambers. 10. The colorimeter of claim 9 wherein said operational amplifier is chopper-stabilized. 11. The colorimeter of claim 9 wherein said voltage output of said operational amplifier serves as input to a network of switch-selectable gain-setting resistors. 12. The colorimeter of claim 11 wherein said network of gain-setting resistors comprises a first resistor and a plurality of other resistors, each of said other resistors being greater in value than said first resistor by a whole number multiple of 50%, each of said other resistors having a different value than any other of said other resistors. 13. The colorimeter of claim 8 wherein said electronic circuitry comprises: (a) means for generating a monitor signal proportional to the intensity of said radiation emitted by said source; (b) means for generating a reference signal; (c) amplifier means responsive to said monitor signal and to said reference signal for establishing a power level at said radiation source, said power level controlling the intensity of said radiation emitted by said source at said substantially constant value, thereby maintaining said monitor signal substantially equal to said reference signal. 