A solar collector comprises (a) a first plastic sheet forming multiple parallel branch ducts extending in a longitudinal direction through the sheet length, (b) a second plastic sheet, (c) the second sheet mounted on the first sheet to substantially cover the first sheet and to provide a space between the sheets, (d) the second sheet being transparent so that solar radiation impinging on the second sheet will pass through it and onto the first sheet for heating liquid passing through said ducts.
Claims I claim: 1. Solar collector comprising, in combination (a) a first plastic sheet, extending generally horizontally forming multiple parallel branch ducts extending in a longitudinal direction through the sheet length, (b) a second single plastic sheet extending generally horizontally, (c) means mounting the second sheet on the first sheet to substantially cover the first sheet and to provide a space between the sheets, said means including legs between the first and second sheets, (d) the second sheet being transparent so that solar radiation impinging on the second sheet will pass through it and onto the first sheet for heating liquid passing through said ducts, (e) a third plastic body attached to the first sheet and defining a first header duct communicating with said branch ducts at one end of the first sheet, (f) a fourth plastic body attached to the first sheet and defining a second header duct communicating with said branch ducts at the opposite end of the first sheet, (g) said third and fourth plastic body ducts extending laterally and horizontally and having lower portions below the level of said first plastic sheet, said second sheet horizontally covering said third and fourth plastic bodies, (h) there being insulation space below said first sheet and between said third and fourth plastic bodies, (i) said first sheet having integral support flanges which extend longitudinally and project downwardly at opposite laterally spaced ends of said insulation space, for attachment to a roof, said second sheet extending over said flanges. 2. The combination of claim 1 wherein the third plastic body has integral flanges extending at opposite sides of the first sheet and attached thereto. 3. The combination of claim 1 wherein the fourth plastic body has integral flanges extending at opposite sides of the first sheet and attached thereto. 4. The combination of claim 1 including a thermal insulation panel confined in said space between said third and fourth plastic bodies and extending adjacent said first sheet at the side thereof opposite said second sheet. 5. The combination of claim 1 wherein said flanges are L-shaped, said flanges extending in the direction of said branch ducts, at said opposite ends of the first sheet. 6. The combination of claim 5 including a thermal insulation panel confined in said space between said L-shaped flanges and extending adjacent said first sheet at the side thereof opposite said second sheet. 7. The combination of claim 1 including spacers between said first and second sheets and interconnecting same to form dead air zones between the spacers. 8. The combination of claim 1 wherein said first sheet has a black selective coating thereon at the side thereof facing said second sheet. 9. The combination of claim 1 wherein the plastic of said first sheet is black. 10. The combination of claim 1 wherein said first and second sheets consist of plastic extrusions and are generally rectangular in outline. 11. The combination of claim 1 including plastic caps attached to the opposite ends of the ducts formed by said third and fourth plastic bodies. 12. The combination of claim 1 wherein said second sheet has peripheral flange means interlocking with said caps and extends over said third and fourth plastic bodies. 13. The combination of claim 12 wherein said sheets and bodies and caps define relatively thin, relatively light weight rectangular plastic assembly adapted to be readily carried onto the roof dwelling and installed in position thereon, with said second sheet upwardly exposed to solar radiation. 14. The combination of claim 1 including another transparent plastic sheet spaced above said second sheet to form another dead air zone therebetween. 