Apparatus is provided which permits highly accurate remote measurement of methane gas concentrations even in daylight through the use of an extremely narrow spectral filter centered on the Q-branch of the methane absorption band at 3.3 microns and through the use of cooperating comparison channels with digital processing for real time correction of data to compensate for surface temperature, atmospheric temperature and atmospheric water absorption factors.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Apparatus for accurate remote monitoring of the concentration of a target gas, which includes; first and second gas filter correlation channels both operating at a first spectral wavelength and each having an output terminal; differential amplifier means having first and second input terminals coupled to respective ones of said output terminals of said first and second gas filter correlation channels for producing a first output signal which represents the target gas but requires correction for ambient conditions; a corrective channel operating at a second spectral wavelength substantially different from said first spectral wavelength for producing a second output signal representative of said ambient conditions; signal multiplying means coupled to said differential amplifier means and to said corrective channel for multiplying said first and second output signals to produce a target-gas concentration signal, said pair of gas filter correlation channels and said corrective channel being optically aligned to receive radiant energy from a common source region; and, means to utilize said gas concentration signal. 2. Apparatus according to claim 1 in which said corrective channel includes radiance difference means for generating a radiance signal representative of the difference between terrain and atmospheric radiances and means coupled to said radiance difference means for inverting said radiance signal to produce said second output signal. 3. Apparatus according to claim 1 in which said pair of gas filter correlation channels includes a common narrow-bandpass optical filter centered at said first spectral wavelength. 4. Apparatus according to claim 3 in which said target gas is methane and said narrow-bandpass optical filter is centered at 3.3 microns. 5. Apparatus according to claim 3 in which said second spectral wavelength is 10 microns. 6. Apparatus according to claim 1 in which said pair of gas filter correlation channels includes photovoltaic energy sensors and said corrective channel incudes a photoconductive energy sensor. 7. Apparatus according to claim 6 in which said photovoltaic sensors are of InSb and said photoconductive sensor is of HgCdTe. 8. Apparatus according to claim 1 which includes, in addition, means for correcting said first output signal for the effects of relative atmospheric humidity. 9. The method of accurately and remotely measuring, for a region being observed, the concentration of a target gas having, under natural conditions, a high absorption at a predetermined first spectral wavelength, which includes the steps of: collecting radiant energy from said region to be observed; chopping said radiant energy in a cylical manner to produce cylically chopped radiant energy; splitting said chopped radiant energy into first and second beams of chopped radiant energy, one at said first spectral wavelength and the other at a second spectral wavelength significantly different from said first spectral wavelength; passing said first beam of chopped radiant energy thru a narrow-bandpass filter centered at first wavelength; processing said first beam, after it passes thru said narrow-bandpass filter, in a pair of gas filter correlation channels to produce a first processing signal and a second processing signal, respectively; differentially amplifying said first processing signal and said second processing signal to produce a first output signal representative of all energy received from said region to be observed at said first spectral wavelength; processing said second beam in a third channel to produce a second output signal which is representative of the difference between background radiant energy and atmospheric radiant energy at said second spectral wavelength; multiplying said first output signal by said second output signal, at any instant, to produce an instantaneous target-gas concentration signal; and, summing said instantaneous target gas signals over a chopping cycle. 10. The method according to claim 9 in which the target gas is methane, the first spectral wavelength is 3.3 microns and the second spectral wavelength is 10 microns. 11. The method according to claim 9 which includes the additional step of correcting said first output signal for percentage of relative humidity in the atmosphere being observed. 12. The method according to claim 9 which includes the additional step of displaying the results of said summation. 13. The method according to claim 9 including, in addition, the step of recording the results of the summing. 14. The method according to claim 9 in which said processing of said second beam includes the step of correcting for the temperature of the surface involved in said cyclical chopping. 