A system which enables the measuring, testing and accounting for a fluid, preferably oil, as stored in a tank battery adjacent a producing oil well system. In its most basic form, the system includes a master control unit associated with a level transducer for each tank, basic sediment and water monitors for various conduits within the system, temperature sensors for each tank and the various conduits, and a data collection box for transferring data stored in the master control unit after a predetermined amount of time has transpired. Several options are available with this system and these include telemetry options for remote reporting of the various parameters of the system and various alarm and theft prevention devices.
Claims We claim: 1. A measuring, testing and accounting system for use in conjunction with a tank battery, said tank battery including: (a) a liquid separator for separating a liquid mixture into at least two constituent liquids; (b) at least one tank for one of the constituent liquids; (c) conduit means connecting said liquid separator with said at least one tank; (d) outlet pipe means extending from said at least one tank; and (e) valve means in said outlet pipe means for controlling fluid flow through said outlet pipe means; said system comprising: (a) level sensor means located in said at least one tank for detecting the level of fluid therein; (b) temperature sensor means located in said outlet pipe means for determining the temperature of fluid in said outlet pipe means; (c) basic sediments and water sensor means located in said outlet pipe means for determining the purity of fluid in said outlet pipe means; and (d) self-powered master control unit means operable on a real time basis and connected to said level, temperature and basic sediments and water sensor means and receiving signals therefrom so as to enable the monitoring of said tank battery on site. 2. The invention of claim 1, wherein said tank battery further includes a gas line and said system further includes means for measuring the flow rate of gas in said gas line. 3. The invention of claim 2, wherein said flow rate measuring means comprises an orifice in said gas line, pressure sensors mounted in said gas line upstream and downstream of said orifice, and means receiving signals from said pressure sensors indicative of the pressure both upstream and downstream of said orifice. 4. The invention of claim 3, wherein said receiving means includes pen recorder means. 5. The invention of claim 3, wherein said receiving means includes means transmitting said pressure sensor signals to said master control unit means, said master control unit means calculating the gas flow rate. 6. The invention of claim 1, wherein said master control unit means is programmed to compute the volume of liquid (1) stored in said at least one tank and (2) discharged from said valve means, and is further programmed to compensate for the temperature and basic sediments and water content of said liquid. 7. The invention of claim 1, wherein said master control unit means includes card reader means for reading identificaion card means carried by subscribers and personnel of said tank battery, said master control unit means being programmed to store information received from said identification card means so as to enable identification of individuals at said tank battery. 8. The invention of claim 1, wherein said system further includes first alarm means which is activated by unauthorized withdrawal of liquid from said tank battery. 9. The invention of claim 8, wherein said system further includes second alarm means which is activated by malfunctions in said system. 10. The invention of claim 9, wherein said master control unit means is programmed to store information as to the real time and nature of any activation of said first and second alarm means. 11. The invention of claim 10, wherein said master control unit means is equipped to transmit instantaneously information as to the nature of any activation of said first and second alarm means. 12. The invention of claim 1, wherein said master control unit means is equipped to transmit to a remote location any data in a memory portion thereof upon request from said remote location. 13. The invention of claim 1, wherein said master control unit means is self-powered by a solar battery pack. 14. The invention of claim 1, wherein, the master control unit means records in a memory portion thereof the real time for all functions thereof including accessing thereto by individuals. 15. The invention of claim 1, wherein said tank battery may receive said liquid mixture from a plurality of locations, and further wherein said system includes pressure sensor means located in each conduit means connecting a respective location with said tank battery and each pressure sensor means transmitting data received thereby to said master control unit means. 16. The invention of claim 1, wherein said master control unit means records in a memory portion thereof the rate of production of said tank battery and further transmits to a remote location information indicating the sensing of a rate of production exceeding a predetermined level. 17. The invention of claim 1, wherein said system further includes a further temperature sensor below the liquid level in said at least one tank and said level sensor means compensates for the particular ambient atmosphere therein. 18. The invention of claim 17, wherein said level sensor means comprises ultrasonic level sensor means. 19. The invention of claim 1, wherein said master control unit means further includes interface means enabling connection thereto of a portable memory for removal of information from memory means in said master control unit means. 20. The invention of claim 1, wherein said system further includes lock means for preventing unauthorized opening of said valve means. 21. The invention of claim 20, wherein said lock means comprises a cover for said valve means and latch means for releasably retaining said cover in a closed position. 22. The invention of claim 21, wherein said latch means comprises a fluid pressure operated reciprocating rod, a conduit connecting a source of fluid pressure to a chamber containing a piston connected to said rod, and solenoid valve means controlling flow through said conduit and controlled by said master control unit means. 23. The invention of claim 21, wherein said latch means comprises a first solenoid actuated rod forming a latch and a second solenoid actuated rod insertable into notches formed in said first rod to retain said latch in defined positions at least one position of which locks said cover in a closed position and at least another position of which allows said cover to be opened. 24. The invention of claim 1, where said basic sediments and water sensor is qualitative and converts a voltage signal indicative of the sensed level of basic sediments and water into a frequency signal for transmission to said master control unit means. 25. The invention of claim 1, wherein said tank battery further includes a water overflow sump, and further outlet pipe means connecting said at least one tank with said sump, and further basic sediments and water sensor means in said further outlet pipe means. 26. The invention of claim 25, wherein said basic sediments and water sensor means comprises a quantitative sensor whereas said further basic sediments and water sensor means comprises a qualitative sensor. 27. The invention of claim 1, wherein said tank battery includes a plurality of tanks for one of said constituent liquids and at least one tank for another of said constituent liquids, and each of said plurality of tanks includes level sensor means and temperature sensor means. 28. The invention of claim 27, wherein said another constituent tank includes level sensor means and temperature sensor means. 