In accordance with the present invention, an improved collector means for a solar energy collector system having an absorber plate and a glazing panel spaced from at least one side of the absorber plate in which a cap means is coupled to and extends along one edge of the absorber plate and a depending leg extends over the complimentary edge of the glazing panel, the cap means having formed therein at least one air channel conforming in shape to the cross-sectional shape of the cap means and having air inlet means adjacent the bottom of a leg of the cap means in communication with the channel and an air outlet means adjacent the top of the cap means and in communication with the channel and adapted to permit currents of cooling air to pass therethrough from the inlet to the outlet, thereby maintaining said complimentary edge of the glazing panel relatively cool. In a preferred embodiment, the improved collector means is mounted edgewise adjacent the bottom of a parabolic trough-type reflector means and has a glazing panel on both exposed sides thereof. In accordance with a further embodiment of the present invention, the glazing panel is a flexible sheet material detachably coupled adjacent one edge of the absorber plate and the other end of a glazing material comprises a supply roll mounted adjacent the other edge of the absorber plate, whereby a fresh surface of glazing sheet material can be withdrawn from the roll and mounted parallel to the absorber plate as needed. Preferably, the roll of glazing sheet material is spring loaded so as to maintain the material taut, for example by a window shade-type roll means.
Claims That which is claimed: 1. In a solar energy collector system, including; a receiving means, having an extended surface area and adapted to receive solar radiation and focus the same to a substantially smaller area, and a collector plate, having a substantially smaller surface area than said receiving means, having one edge mounted on said receiving means in a position to have at least one side exposed to and receive the thus focused solar radiation and adapted to absorb said focused solar radiation, the improved means for insulating the thus exposed surface of said absorber plate, comprising: (a) a supply roll of a transparent, flexible glazing sheet material; (b) cap means mounted on the other edge of said absorber plate, opposite the edge thus mounted on said receiving means, and extending beyond said exposed surface of said absorber plate; (c) means for rotatably mounting said supply roll on one of (1) the thus extended cap means and (2) the receiving means adjacent one edge of said absorber plate and spaced therefrom; and (d) means for detachably coupling the free end of said glazing sheet material on the other of (1) the thus extended cap means and (2) the receiving means adjacent the other edge of said absorber plate and spaced therefrom; (e) whereby an exposed portion of said glazing sheet material is mounted parallel to and spaced from said exposed surface of said absorber plate in the path of said focused solar radiation; and (f) said exposed portion of said glazing sheet material can be removed and a fresh portion of said glazing sheet material can be withdrawn from said supply roll and mounted parallel to said absorber plate to replace the thus removed, exposed portion of said glazing sheet material. 2. A solar energy collector system in accordance with claim 1 wherein the receiving means is a parabolic, trough-type reflector means, the absorber plate has its one edge mounted on the trough-type reflector means adjacent the bottom of the interior thereof, whereby both sides of said absorber plate are exposed to the focused solar radiation, and a duplicate supply roll, cap means, means for mounting the supply roll and means for coupling the free end of the glazing sheet material are mounted in like manner on each of the thus exposed sides of said absorber plate. 3. A solar energy collector system in accordance with claim 1 wherein at least one of (1) the means for mounting the supply roll and (2) the means for coupling the free end of the glazing sheet material includes resilient biasing means adapted to maintain the exposed portion of the glazing sheet material taut. 4. A solar energy collector system in accordance with claim 3 wherein the means for mounting the supply roll includes a window shade-type biasing means. 5. A solar energy collector system in accordance with claim 1 wherein the means for mounting the supply roll is mounted on the receiving means and the free end of the glazing sheet material is coupled to the extended cap means. 6. A solar energy collector system in accordance with claim 5 wherein the means for coupling the free end of the glazing sheet material includes a receiving channel means fixedly attached to the extended cap means and rod means adapted to receive said free end of said glazing sheet material and frictionally hold said free end in said receiving channel means. 7. A solar energy collector system in accordance with claim 6 wherein the means for mounting the suppy roll includes a window shade-type biasing means. 8. A solar energy collector system in accordance with claim 1 wherein the absorber plate is a fluid-type heat exchange means having tubular passages formed therein adapted to carry a heat exchange fluid. 9. A solar energy collector system in accordance with claim 2 wherein the absorber plate is a fluid-type heat exchange means having tubular passages formed therein adapted to carry a heat exchange fluid. 