A battery energizer for button batteries, such as zinc-silver oxide or zinc-mercuric oxide batteries, that are normally considered unchargeable, provides for energizing of the batteries in a safe and simple manner. A solar cell having a maximum current output (e.g., 20 milliamps) is operatively connected to terminals for releasably receiving a button battery. A light emitting diode, or like indicator, provides an indication of when the battery is fully energized, and additionally assists in preventing overenergization of the battery. The solar cell, terminals, LED, and the like can be mounted on a nonconductive material mounting plate which is mounted by a suction cup and hook to a window, adjacent a light bulb, or the like. A battery charger for conventional dry cell rechargeable batteries (such as nickel-cadmium batteries) utilizes the solar cells, and LED, and a zener diode connected in parallel with terminals. An adaptor may be provided with the terminal for adapting them for use with any conventional size dry cell battery, and a simple dummy battery may be utilized so that less than the full complement of batteries may be charged utilizing the charger.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A battery energizer comprising: solar cell means for generating a small current when light impacts thereon; terminal means for releasably receiving a button battery therein and, comprising: a first conductive plate physically mounted so that it is stationary with respect to said solar cell means; and a generally L-shaped second conductive plate, including a cantilevered spring portion, said second plate mounted so that said cantilevered spring portion is generally parallel to, and spaced from, said first terminal plate; said first and second terminal plates being electrically connected only when a button battery is disposed between said cantilevered spring portion of said second plate and said first plate; and means for allowing passage of current from said solar cell means to a button battery received by said terminal means, but not vice versa. 2. A battery energizer as recited in claim 1 wherein said current passage allowing means comprises a light emitting diode. 3. A battery energizer as recited in claim 2 wherein said terminal means is in series with said light emitting diode and solar cells means, and wherein said terminal means is in a shorted condition when not receiving a button battery therein. 4. A battery energizer as recited in claim 2 wherein said solar cell means has a maximum voltage of about three volts, and wherein said light emitting diode is rated such that when a button battery received by said terminal means is fully energized said light emitting diode will be off, otherwise said light emitting diode will be on as long as sufficient light energy impacts upon said solar cell means. 5. A battery energizer as recited in claim 1 in combination with at least one button battery received by said terminal means, said button battery comprising a battery normally considered unrechargeable because of safety considerations if too much electrical energy is applied to said battery. 6. A battery energizer as recited in claim 1 wherein said solar cell means is mounted on a first face of a nonconductive material mounting plate, and wherein said terminal means is mounted on a second face of said mounting plate, opposite said first face. 7. A battery energizer as recited in claim 6 further comprising means defining an opening in said mounting plate for receipt of a hook; a hook; and a suction cup connected to said hook, so that said suction cup may support said mounting plate, and the components mounted thereon, via said hook. 8. A battery energizer as recited in claim 6 further comprising a light emitting diode operatively mounted on said second face of said mounting plate. 9. In combination with a battery normally considered unrechargeable due to safety concerns if too high a voltage or current is applied to said battery, a battery energizer comprising: means for supplying a safe level of electrical energy to said battery to energize said battery, said electrical energy supplying means comprising: solar cell means for generating a small current when light impacts thereon; and a diode; and terminal means for releasably receiving said battery therein, said terminal means operatively electrically connected to said solar cell means and said diode, said terminal means comprising: a first conductive plate physically mounted so that it is stationary with respect to said solar cell means; and a generally L-shaped second conductive plate, including a cantilevered spring portion, said second plate mounted so that said cantilevered spring portion is generally parallel to, and spaced from, said first terminal plate; said first and second terminal plates being electrically connected only when a battery is disposed between said cantilevered spring portion of said second plate and said first plate. 10. A combination as recited in claim 9 wherein said diode comprises a light emitting diode connected in parallel with said terminal means. 11. A combination as recited in claim 9 wherein said diode comprises a light emitting diode connected in series with said terminal means and said solar cell means. 12. A battery energizer as recited in claim 9 wherein said solar cell means is mounted on a first face of a nonconductive material mounting plate, and wherein said terminal means is mounted on a second face of said mounting plate, opposite said first face. 13. A battery energizer as recited in claim 12 further comprising means defining an opening in said mounting plate for receipt of a hook; a hook; and a suction cup connected to said hook, so that said suction cup may support said mounting plate, and the components mounted thereon, via said hook. 14. A battery energizer as recited in claim 12 further comprising a light emitting diode operatively mounted on said second face of said mounting plate. 15. A battery energizer comprising: solar cell means for generating a small current when light impacts thereon; terminal means for releasably receiving a button battery therein, said terminal means electrically connected to said solar cell means; light emitting indicating means having a first condition indicating when a button battery received by said terminal means is fully energized, and having a second condition, different from said first condition, indicating that a button battery--when first placed in operative association with said terminal means--can be energized; a nonconductive material mounting plate, said solar cell means mounted on a first face of said mounting plate, and said terminal means mounted on a second face of said mounting plate; and means defining an opening in said mounting plate for receipt of a hook; a hook; and a suction cup connected to said hook so that said suction cup may support said mounting plate, and the components mounted thereon, via said hook. 16. A battery energizer as recited in claim 15 wherein said terminal means comprises a first conductive plate physically mounted to said second face of said mounting plate, and a second conductive plate physically mounted to said second face of said mounting plate. 17. A battery energizer as recited in claim 16 wherein said second conductive plate has a generally L-shaped configuration, including a cantilevered spring portion, and wherein said second plate is mounted with respect to said first plate so that said cantilevered spring portion is generally Parallel to, and spaced from, said first plate. 