A combination solar collector, thermal storage and heating module for mounting in a building framework comprising a hollow panel member for receiving a thermal storage mass, including an outer wall and an inner wall; opposed pairs of sidewalls and end walls sealed to the inner and outer walls for connecting the corresponding perimeters of the inner and outer walls, thereby defining an enclosed chamber; a plurality of individual connections each of the connections forming a joint between the inner wall and the outer wall for maintaining the rigidity of the walls when the chamber is filled with the mass; and a port in the panel member for filling the panel member with the mass. Various modifications and alternatives are disclosed including several structures for attaching the module to the building framework, and additional modifications for increasing solar absorption and decreasing heat loss from the building.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A combination solar collector, thermal storage and heating module for mounting in a building framework, comprising: a hollow panel member for receiving a thermal storage mass, including an outer wall and an inner wall; wall joining means for connecting the corresponding perimeters of said inner and outer walls, thereby defining an enclosed chamber, said panel member being sized for insertion between adjacent studs of a building; tensile means between said inner and outer walls for maintaining the rigidity of said walls when said chamber is filled with said mass; said tensile means including a plurality of individual connections, each defining mutually opposed pairs of depressions in said walls, the opposed pairs being connected and each said connection has a generally circular cross section through the length thereof; port means into said panel member, for filling said panel member with said mass; and mounting means for attaching said panel member into the frame of a building; said outer wall including external and internal surfaces, and said module also including anti-reflective coating means on the external surface of said outer wall, said coating means including a plurality of protrusions integrally molded on said external surface for increasing solar absorption and for transmitting light through said module. 2. The module of claim 1, wherein each of said protrusions has a generally upward facing portion and a generally downward facing portion, the upward facing portions of said protrusions being blackened for enhancing solar absorption, and the downward facing portions being translucent for transmitting light through said outer wall. 3. A combination solar collector, thermal storage and heating module for mounting in a building framework comprising: a hollow panel member for receiving a thermal storage mass, including an outer wall and an inner wall; wall joining means for connecting the corresponding perimeters of said inner and outer walls, thereby defining an enclosed chamber; tensile means between said inner and outer walls for maintaining the rigidity of said walls when said chamber is filled with said mass; and port means into said panel member, for filling said panel member with said mass; said building including a plurality of vertical wall studs in the walls thereof, said panel member being oriented vertically, and mounted between adjacent ones of said wall studs; said building also including a plurality of intermediate studs, one of said intermediate studs being arranged between each adjacent pair of said wall studs, said panel member having a medial groove in one of the inner and outer walls thereof, and said groove being sized to fit over one of said intermediate studs when said panel is mounted between said adjacent studs. 4. A combination solar collector, thermal storage and heating module for mounting in a building framework, comprising: a hollow panel member for receiving a thermal storage mass, including an outer wall and an inner wall; wall joining means for connecting the corresponding perimeters of said inner and outer walls, thereby defining an enclosed chamber; tensile means between said inner and outer walls for maintaining the rigidity of said walls when said chamber is filled with said mass; and port means into said panel member, for filling said panel member with said mass; said thermal mass being a fluid and said module also including a flat plate solar collector mounted for exposure on the exterior of said building adjacent said panel member, and passage means for thermosiphoning fluid communication between said collector and said chamber. 5. The module of claim 4 also including insulation means disposed between the collector and the interior of said building. 6. The module of claim 5 wherein said module is dimensioned for mounting entirely within the space between adjacent wall studs of a building. 7. A combination solar collector, thermal storage and heating module for mounting in a building framework, comprising: a hollow panel member for receiving a thermal storage mass, including an outer wall and an inner wall; wall joining means for connecting the corresponding perimeters of said inner and outer walls, thereby defining an enclosed chamber, said panel member being sized for insertion between adjacent studs of a building; tensile means between said inner and outer walls for maintaining the rigidity of said walls when said chamber is filled with said mass; said tensile means including a plurality of individual connections, each defining mutually opposed pairs of depressions in said walls, the opposed pairs being connected and each said connection has a generally circular cross section throughout the length thereof; port means into said panel member, for filling said panel member with said mass; and mounting means for attaching said panel member into the frame of a building; said thermal mass comprising a plurality of small sealed containers, each containing a quantity of phase change material, said panel being filled with water, and said containers being disposed within said water-filled panel. 8. A combination solar collector, thermal storage and heating module for mounting in a building framework, comprising: a hollow panel member for receiving a thermal storage mass, including an outer wall and an inner wall; wall joining means for connecting the corresponding perimeters of said inner and outer walls, thereby defining an enclosed chamber; tensile means between said inner and outer walls for maintaining the rigidity of said walls when said chamber is filled with said mass; port means into said panel member, for filling said panel member with said mass; mounting means for attaching said panel member into the frame of a building; and a sheet of translucent glazing covering at least a portion of said outer wall, and means for supporting said glazing sheet at a distance from said outer wall for defining an air space between said outer wall and said glazing sheet, said supporting means including a step integrally molded in said module for supporting said glazing sheet, and a corresponding locking cap for holding said glazing sheet in place on said step. 9. The module of claim 8 wherein said locking cap includes a pressure finger, and said module includes a corresponding cavity for receiving said finger in snap-fit relation. 10. The module of claim 9 wherein said finger includes a pair of gripping barbs for holding said finger in said cavity. 11. The module of claim 9 wherein said supporting means includes a bracket for gripping said glazing sheet, said bracket including an integral flange for attaching said module to said building. 12. The module of claim 8 wherein said locking cap includes a cavity therein and said module includes a corresponding finger for insertion into said cavity in snap-fit relation. 13. A combination solar collector, thermal storage and heating module for mounting in a building framework, comprising: a hollow panel member for receiving a thermal storage mass, including an outer wall and an inner wall; wall joining means for connecting the corresponding perimeters of said inner and outer walls, thereby defining an enclosed chamber; tensile means between said inner and outer walls for maintaining the rigidity of said walls when said chamber is filled with said mass; port means into said panel member, for filling said panel member with said mass; mounting means for attaching said panel member into the frame of a building; a sheet of translucent glazing covering at least a portion of said outer wall, and means for supporting said glazing sheet at a distance from said outer wall for defining an air space between said outer wall and said glazing sheet; and a pair of transparent glazing layers disposed between said glazing panel and said outer wall for reducing heat loss from said module; including a plurality of convection suppression barriers disposed between said transparent glazing layers. 14. The module of claim 13 wherein said glazing layers include an anti-reflective coating. 15. The module of claim 13 wherein said glazing layers include a low-emissivity coating. 16. A combination solar collector, thermal storage and heating module for mounting in a building framework, comprising: a hollow panel member for receiving a thermal storage mass, including an outer wall and an inner wall; wall joining means for connecting the corresponding perimeters of said inner and outer walls, thereby defining an enclosed chamber; tensile means between said inner and outer walls for maintaining the rigidity of said walls when said chamber is filled with said mass; port means into said panel member, for filling said panel member with said mass; mounting means for attaching said panel member into the frame of a building; a sheet of translucent glazing covering at least a portion of said outer wall, and means for supporting said glazing sheet at a distance from said outer wall for defining an air space between said outer wall and said glazing sheet, said panel member being mounted within a window framework, said module also including a pair of transparent film layers having a plurality of convection suppression barriers disposed therebetween said layers being pleated for folding in accordian relation and including a first rigid element for attaching one end of said layers to the top of said windows framework, and a second rigid element for attaching the other end of said layers to the bottom of said window framework. 17. The module of claim 16 also including means for raising and lowering said pleated layers for varying the insulating conditions in said building. 18. A combination solar collector, thermal storage and heating module for mounting in a building framework, comprising: a hollow panel member for receiving a thermal storage mass, including an outer wall and an inner wall; wall joining means for connecting the corresponding perimeters of said inner and outer walls, thereby defining an enclosed chamber; tensile means between said inner and outer walls for maintaining the rigidity of said walls when said chamber is filled with said mass; port means into said panel member, for filling said panel member with said mass; mounting means for attaching said panel member into the frame of a building; a sheet of translucent glazing covering at least a portion of said outer wall, and means for supporting said glazing sheet at a distance from said outer wall for defining an air space between said outer wall and said glazing sheet; said supporting means including a fastener having a flange for attachment to said building framework, and a bracket for gripping said glazing sheet against said fastener. 19. The module of claim 18 wherein said fastener also includes means for attaching said panel member to said fastener. 20. The module of claim 18 wherein said panel member attaching means includes a groove in said fastener, and a corresponding locking extension on said panel member for insertion into said groove, said extension including a flexible arm for removably locking said panel member to said fastener. 21. The module of claim 19 also including a pair of film layers disposed between said outer wall and said glazing sheet, said fastener and said outer wall including corresponding ridges for securing said film layers, and for tightening said layers when said panel member is attached to said fastener. 