A method and apparatus for measuring the absorption characteristics of complex lenses to light from a selected band of wavelengths, preferably wavelengths in the ultraviolet range, is disclosed. Light from an incandescent light source is passed through a tunable interference filter, which passes light having only wavelengths from the selected band of wavelengths, and is directed toward a first side of a lens to be tested. An integrating light detector, preferably a selenium solar cell is placed in close proximity to the second side of the lens to be tested, and senses substantially the total amount of light flux passing through the lens, regardless of the lens' complexity and light diverging characteristics. The output of the detector is fed through amplifier circuitry to a suitable indicating meter. A light impervious housing structure may be provided to prevent ambient light from impinging on the detector. The device utilizes inexpensive elements, is very accurate, may be hand held, and is simple to use.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for measuring the absorption characteristics of a lens to light waves of a selected band of wavelengths, comprising the steps of: directing light having at least wavelengths from a selected band of wavelengths through a filter which passes only said selected band of wavelengths; directing the filtered light through a lens to be tested; sensing the amount of light which passes through a lens to be tested with an integrating light detector that is placed in close proximity to a lens to be tested so as to be able to detect substantially all of the light passing therethrough; and utilizing the signal generated by said integrating light detector to provide an output. 2. The method of claim 1, further including the step of shielding said light detector from ambient light such that only the light which passes through said filter and lens will impinge upon said light detector. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of directing the light through the filter includes adjusting the filter to vary said selected band of wavelengths. 4. The method of claim 3, including adjusting said filter to pass light having only a narrow band of wavelengths in the ultraviolet frequency range. 5. The method of claim 3 including adjusting said filter to pass light having a narrow band of wavelengths between 350 and 400 nanometers. 6. The method of claim 1 further including directing said output from said detector through amplifying means to a display device which provides an indication of the absorption of light from said selected band of wavelengths by a lens to be tested. 7. The method of claim 1 further including the step of directing the light through a collimating lens before directing it through said filter. 8. Apparatus for measuring absorption characteristics of a lens to light of wavelengths from a selected band of wavelengths, comprising: (a) a first light impervious housing portion containing; i. a light source which generates light having at least wavelengths from a selected band of wavelengths; ii. a filter element disposed in the path of said light source which passes light having only those wavelengths from said selected band of wavelengths; (b) first aperture means for passing light from the filter out of said first housing portion; (c) means for holding a lens to be tested in a light tight relationship over said first aperture means; (d) a second light impervious housing portion; (e) an integrating light detector mounted in said second housing portion for measuring the total amount of light flux received thereby; (f) second aperture means for passing light from the outside of said second housing portion to said detector, said detector being in close proximity to said aperture so that substantially all of the light which passes through a lens to be tested will impinge on the detector; (g) sealing means surrounding said second aperture to co-act with said lens holding means to provide a light tight seal that prevents ambient light from impinging on the detector; and (h) indicating means connected to the output of said detector for providing a measurement of the absorption of light from the selected band of wavelengths by a lens to be tested. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein said filter element is an interference filter which is mounted to permit adjustment of said selected band of wavelengths, and further including actuator means on the outside of said first housing for adjusting said interference filter. 10. The apparatus of claim 9 wherein said light source generates light having wavelengths in the ultraviolet range, and said interference filter is adjustable to pass light having only wavelengths in the ultraviolet range. 11. The apparatus of claim 9 wherein said light source generates light having wavelengths between 350 and 400 nanometers, and said interference filter is adjustable to pass light having only wavelengths between 350 and 400 nanometers. 12. The apparatus in claim 8 which further includes a collimating lens mounted in said first housing portion, said lens being disposed in the light path between said light source and said filter element to collimate the light from said light source. 13. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein said integrating light detector is a selenium solar cell. 14. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein said integrating light detector is a silicon solar cell. 15. Apparatus for measuring the absorption characteristics of a lens to light of wavelengths from a selected band of wavelengths comprising; a light source which generates light having at least wavelengths from a selected band of wavelengths; mounting means for holding a lens to be tested, said mounting means having a first and second side, the first side of which faces said light source; light filter means disposed between said source and said lens mounting means which passes light having only wavelengths from said selected band of wavelengths; light integrating detector means disposed in close proximity to the second side of said mounting means; indicating means connected to the output of said detector means; and, a light impervious housing structure to prevent ambient outside light from impinging on said detector means, whereby only the light passing from said source through said filter means and a lens to be tested will be sensed by said detector means. 16. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein said filter means is a tunable interference filter having means to adjust said selected band of wavelengths. 17. The apparatus of claim 16 wherein said light source generates light having wavelengths in the ultraviolet range, and said interference filter is adjustable to pass light having only wavelengths in the ultraviolet range. 18. The apparatus of claim 16 wherein said light source generates light having wavelengths in the range between 350 and 400 nanometers, and said interference filter is adjustable pass light having only wavelengths in the range of 350 and 400 nanometers. 19. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein said light integrating detector means is a solar cell. 20. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein said indicating means includes an amplifier circuit connected to the output of said detector, and a meter connected to the output of the amplifier circuit to provide an indication of the absorption of light from said selected band of wavelengths by a lens to be tested. 21. The apparatus of claim 15 which further includes a collimating lens disposed between said light source and said light filter means which collimates the light from the source toward said filter means. 22. The apparatus of claim 15, further including blocking filter means mounted in said light impervious housing for permitting only light of said selected band of wavelengths to reach said detector means. 23. The apparatus of claim 22, wherein said blocking filter is an ultraviolet pass filter. 