Toxic and hazardous organic materials are photochemically and thermally changed into innocuous and environmentally acceptable products through the proper application of solar energy. The present invention is especially well-suited for the destruction of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB's) which are resistant to conventional incineration. The method and apparatus described herein are also capable of handling liquids, solids or vapors, with only minor operating modifications. In an enhanced alternative, the rate of oxidation is controlled through the entire transformation process, or portions thereof, to reduce energy needs in de-toxifying biological or chemical ordinance or the like.
Claims I claim: 1. An apparatus for the destruction of toxic and hazardous materials having specific chemical bonding energies, comprising: a reactor comprising a reaction chamber and defining a reaction zone within said reaction chamber; a transparent window set in one surface of said reactor, said window being transparent to solar radiation at the wave lengths corresponding to the bonding energies of said materials; means for collecting solar radiation, directing solar radiation into said reaction chamber through said transparent window, concentrating said solar radiation to within said reaction zone, and focusing solar energy in said reaction zone; means for feeding toxic and hazardous materials into said reaction chamber of said reactor at said reaction zone; means for controlling the rate of oxidation of said materials within said reaction chamber; and means for withdrawing byproducts of said toxic and hazardous materials from said reaction chamber; wherein the high intensity specific wave length energy present in said concentrated sunlight breaks chemical bonds in said toxic and hazardous materials and accelerates decomposition of the chemical compounds of said toxic and hazardous materials, degrading said compounds in direct proportion to the original concentration of the compounds. 2. An apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein said window is composed of a quartz material. 3. An apparatus in accordance with claim 1, further comprising a rotating reactor which includes said reaction chamber and has said solar radiation collecting means disposed substantially at one end of said reactor and said feeding means disposed substantially at the opposite end of said reactor. 4. An apparatus in accordance with claim 1, further comprising a rotating reactor rotating about an axis, which has said feeding means disposed substantially at one axial end of said reactor and said withdrawing means disposed substantially at the other axial end of said reactor. 5. An apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein said withdrawing means includes monitoring means for determining whether said byproducts are safe or hazardous, means for returning hazardous byproducts to said feeding means, and means for exhausting safe byproducts to the environment. 6. An apparatus in accordance with claim 1, further comprising means for preheating said hazardous or toxic materials disposed between said feeding means and said reaction chamber for conducting exhausted materials through said preheating means wherein the residual heat from said exhausted materials is used to preheat hazardous or toxic materials fed into said reaction chamber. 7. An apparatus in accordance with claim 1, further comprising means for controlling the rate of oxidation in said withdrawing means. 8. An apparatus in accordance with claim 1, further comprising means for preparing said toxic and hazardous materials for presentation to said reaction chamber by said feeding means including means for controlling the rate of oxidation in said preparing means. 9. An apparatus for the destruction of toxic and hazardous materials having specific chemical bonding energies, comprising: a reactor comprising a reaction chamber and defining a reaction zone within said reaction chamber; means for feeding said materials to said reaction zone of said reaction chamber; means for collecting and directing solar radiation into said reaction chamber and concentrating said solar radiation within said reaction zone so that the high intensity specific wave length energy present in said concentrated solar radiation facilitates breakage of the chemical bonds in said materials and accelerates decomposition of the chemical compounds of said materials; means for controlling the rate of oxidation of said materials in the vicinity of said reaction zone within said reaction chamber; and means for withdrawing byproducts of said materials from said reaction chamber. 10. An apparatus in accordance with claim 9 wherein said means for controlling the rate of oxidation comprises an oxygen absorbing medium disposed within said reaction chamber. 11. An apparatus in accordance with claim 9 wherein said means for controlling the rate of oxidation comprises an inert gas within said reaction chamber. 12. An apparatus in accordance with claim 9 further comprising a container within said reaction chamber and within which said materials are retained at said reaction zone and which is adapted to allow concentrated solar radiation to pass therethrough and to said materials. 13. An apparatus in accordance with claim 12 wherein said container is a translucent capsule. 14. An apparatus in accordance with claim 12 wherein said container is a transparent capsule. 15. An apparatus is accordance with claim 12 wherein said container comprises a through conduit extending within said reaction chamber and which defines an input end which operably communicates with said feeding means and an output end which operably communicates with said withdrawing means. 16. An apparatus in accordance with claim 15 wherein said conduit is a translucent pipe. 17. An apparatus in accordance with claim 15 wherein said conduit is a transparent pipe. 18. An apparatus in accordance with claim 15 wherein said withdrawing means comprises an outer housing, an inner housing operative to communicate with said output end of said conduit, and an oxygen controlling medium disposed within said outer housing and which creates an oxygen controlled environment between said outer housing and said inner housing. 19. An apparatus in accordance with claim 12 wherein said means for controlling the rate of oxidation comprises an oxygen controlling medium disposed within said reaction chamber which is operative to create an oxygen controlled environment surrounding said container and in the vicinity of said reaction zone. 20. An apparatus in accordance with claim 9 wherein said feeding means includes preparation means for organically scrubbing and isolating said materials in an oxygen controlled environment. 21. An apparatus in accordance with claim 9 wherein said reactor further comprises an elongated outer housing within which said reaction chamber is disposed, said outer housing including a window through which said concentrated solar radiation is passed into said reaction chamber and which is transparent to solar radiation at the wave lengths corresponding to the bonding energies of said materials, and a series of spaced adjustable access openings for adjustably controlling the reaction temperature within said reaction chamber. 22. In a system including a working chamber, a method for destruction of toxic and hazardous materials, comprising: feeding said materials into a working chamber; collecting and filtering solar energy and focusing said filtered solar energy into said working chamber to directly act upon said materials in said working chamber; controlling the rate of oxidation within said working chamber; and exhausting the byproducts of said materials out of said working chamber while minimizing any need for any large volumes of gaseous throughput through said working chamber. 23. A method in accordance with claim 22, further comprising the step of preheating said materials prior to feeding said materials into said working chamber. 24. A method in accordance with claim 22, further comprising the steps of monitoring said byproducts as the byproducts are exhausted from said working chamber, releasing the safe byproducts from the system and directing toxic or hazardous byproducts to a safe storage area. 25. A method in accordance with claim 22, further comprising the step of preparing the materials prior to feeding the materials into a working chamber including the step of controlling the rate of oxidation during said preparing step. 26. A method in accordance with claim 25 wherein the step of controlling the rate of oxidation during said preparing step comprises organically scrubbing and encapsulating said materials in an inert medium prior to feeding said materials into said working chamber. 27. A method in accordance with claim 25 wherein the step of controlling the rate of oxidation during said preparing step includes encapsulating said materials in an oxygen controlling medium. 28. A method in accordance with claim 25 wherein the step of controlling the rate of oxidation during said preparing step includes intermixing said materials with an inert gas. 29. A method in accordance with claim 25 wherein the step of preparing said materials prior to feeding said materials into said working chamber further includes subjecting said materials to an organic scrubber solution. 30. A method in accordance with claim 29 wherein the step of controlling the oxidation during said preparing step includes the step of mixing said organic scrubber solution with oxygen absorbing materials. 31. A method in accordance with claim 29 wherein the step of controlling the rate of oxidation during said preparing step includes encapsulating said organic scrubber solution in an inert atmosphere. 32. A method in accordance with claim 22, further comprising the step of controlling the rate of oxidation during said exhausting step. 33. A method in accordance with claim 32 wherein the step of controlling the rate of oxidation during said exhausting step comprises subjecting said byproducts of said materials to an oxygen controlled environment. 34. A method in accordance with claim 33 wherein said oxygen controlled environment includes an oxygen absorbing medium. 35. A method in accordance with claim 33 wherein said oxygen controlled environment includes an inert gas. 36. A method in accordance with claim 33 wherein said byproducts of said materials are encapsulated within said oxygen controlled environment during said exhausting step. 37. A method in accordance with claim 22 wherein the step of controlling the rate of oxidation within said working chamber is effected by adjustably controlling the influx into said working chamber of said collected and focused solar energy. 38. A method in accordance with claim 2 wherein the step of controlling the rate of oxidation within said working chamber comprises isolating said materials within a transparent or translucent container disposed within said working chamber. 39. A method in accordance with claim 22 wherein the step of controlling the rate of oxidation within said working chamber includes locating an oxygen absorbing medium within said working chamber. 40. A method in accordance with claim 22 wherein the step of controlling the rate of oxidation within said working chamber includes at least partially filling said working chamber with an inert gas. 