A heating and cooling system for domestic and commercial use which includes a reversible refrigeration system in the form of a heat pump combined with an exteriorly mounted heat exchanger in the form of a solar collector and an interiorly mounted heat exchanger incorporated into a valance supported peripherally adjacent to but spaced downwardly from the ceiling of a space being conditioned. The refrigeration system includes a compressor and the heat exchange system includes a circulation water pump which together with the compressor constitute the major moving parts of the system with heat exchange and air circulation being obtained by convective airflow. The heating and cooling system is interconnected with the domestic hot water system to satisfy a large porportion of the required domestic hot water by utilizing rejected heat. The interiorly mounted valance heat exchanger dehumidifies the air in the space being conditioned to enable occupants of the space to feel cool and comfortable at a higher temperature setting. The exteriorly mounted heat exchanger utilizes a small quantity of atomized water in a fine mist spray during the cooling cycle for increasing the efficiency of the system. During extremely low ambient temperature conditions, the domestic hot water system supplies heat to the refrigeration system which prevents slugging of the refrigeration system compressor.
Claims What is claim as new is as follows: 1. A heating and cooling system comprising a heat pump refrigeration system including an exteriorly mounted heat exchanger, an interiorly mounted heat exchanger, a compressor assembly, an expansion device associate with each heat exchanger and a reversing valve to control refrigerant flow whereby said heat exchangers may be selectively operated as a condenser and evaporator, said interior heat exchanger being horizontally elongated and extending along at least a portion of the wall of an enclosed space to be conditioned and mounted in spaced but adjacent relation to the wall and in spaced but adjacent relation to a ceiling, a generally rigid valance panel mounted in concealing relation to the interior heat exchanger and in spaced relation to the wall and ceiling to provide convective flow of ambient air over the interior heat exchanger, and condensate collecting and drain means below the interior heat exchanger in concealed relation behind the valance panel, said valance panel having a top edge oriented slightly above the heat exchanger and a bottom edge disposed a short distance below the condensate collecting and drain means. 2. The system as defined in claim 1 wherein said condensate collecting and drain means includes an open top trough, bracket means supporting the trough with a slight incline toward a drain pipe to drain liquid to a discharge point. 3. The system as defined in claim 2 wherein said interior heat exchanger includes a single tube with a plurality of fins of square configuration mounted thereon, a retaining strip interconnecting the corners of the fins to retain them in spaced relation, one corner of the fins being disposed centrally below the tube and centrally above the trough. 4. The system as defined in claim 3 wherein said bracket means includes a metal strap shaped to conform to and underlie the trough with the strap having an inwardly reversely bent end hooked over one edge of the trough, an opposite portion of the strap having an outwardly struck tang engaging the other edge of the trough. 5. The system as defined in claim 4 wherein said strap is provided with a resilient cushion on the upper surface thereof in engagement with the trough, said trough and bracket being generally U-shaped in configuration with one leg of the strap being connected to the wall of the space being conditioned. 6. The system as defined in claim 1 wherein said interior heat exchanger includes a bracket attached to the wall of the space being conditioned, said bracket including an upper and lower outwardly extending strap, said straps being generally rigid but deflectable, means on the upper strap suspending the interior heat exchanger, means on the outer ends of the straps in supporting engagement with the valance panel, and a grid member supported between the lower edge of the valance panel and the wall to enable convective air flow. 7. The system as defined in claim 1 together with a domestic hot water heater, heat exchangers associated with refrigerant flow lines in the refrigeration system to enable rejected heat from the system to be used to heat water for domestic hot water use and to enable the domestic hot water heater to add supplemental heat to the refrigeration system when required. 8. The system as defined in claim 7 together with a water circulating pump between the hot water heater and the heat exchangers associated with the refrigerant flow lines to provide adequate water flow for heat exchange in the heat exchangers. 9. The system as defined in claim 1 wherein said exterior heat exchanger is a solar collector exposed to the sun rays amd ambient atmospheric conditions, and a water atomizer associated with the solar collector to discharge a small quantity of water thereon in the form of an atomized mist when ambient temperature is high to enable heat to be exchanged to the atmosphere to cool the exterior heat exchanger. 10. In combination with an enclosed space defined by vertical walls, a ceiling and floor, a heat exchanger mounted in said space to heat or cool the air in the space by circulating a heat exchange medium through the heat exchanger with temperature changes in the air in contact with the heat exchanger causing flow of air over the heat exchanger and circulation of air in the space, said heat exchanger being horizontally elongated, means mounting said heat exchanger from the wall adjacent the ceiling and a valance panel supported inwardly of the heat exchanger in adjacent spaced concealing relation thereto, said valance panel being adjacent to but spaced from the ceiling to enable air circulation between the panel and ceiling and between the panel and wall for heat exchange with the heat exchange medium in the heat exchanger. 11. The combination as defined in claim 10 wherein said heat exchanger is an elongated finned tube, a condensate trough having an elongate open top extending throughout the length of the heat exchanger, means supporting said trough with a longitudinal incline to cause condensate to collect at a low point, and drain means connected with said trough at the low point for draining condensate therefrom. 12. The combination as defined in claim 11 together with a grid panel filling the space between the lower edge of the valance panel and the wall to conceal the heat exchanger and trough while permitting airflow between the wall and valance in heat exchange relation to the heat exchanger. 13. The combination as defined in claim 10 wherein said heat exchanger is a component of a heat pump refrigeration system including an exterior heat exchanger, a compressor assembly, an expansion device for each heat exchanger and a reversing valve enabling selective function of the heat exchangers as an evaporator or condenser, said external heat exchanger comprising a solar panel in heat exchange relation to ambient atmosphere and exposed to the rays of the sun, and a water atomizer positioned to discharge atomized water onto the solar panel when ambient temperature is high. 14. The combination as defined in claim 12 wherein said heat exchanger is a component of a heat pump refrigeration system including an exterior heat exchanger, a compressor assembly, an expansion device for each heat exchanger and a reversing valve enabling selective function of the heat exchangers as an evaporator or condenser, said external heat exchanger comprising a solar panel in heat exchange relation to ambient atmosphere and exposed to the rays of the sun, and a water atomizer positioned to discharge atomized water onto the solar panel when ambient temperature is high. 15. The combination as defined in claim 10 wherein said heat exchanger is a component of a heat pump refrigeration system including an exterior heat exchanger, a compressor assembly, an expansion device for each heat exchanger and a reversing valve enabling selective function of the heat exchangers as an evaporator or condenser, a domestic hot water heater, supplemental heat exchange means in heat exchange relation to refrigerant lines between the heat exchangers and compressor assembly, water circulating means communicating the hot water heater with the supplemental heat exchange means, and control means associated with said water circulating means to utilize heat rejected from the enclosed space to heat water in the hot water heater when the enclosed space is being cooled and to add heat from the hot water heater to the refrigeration system when the enclosed space is being heated and the exterior heat exchanger cannot supply adequate heat due to low ambient temperature. 