A hot weather hat is disclosed having a solar-powered Peltier-effect thermoelectric device mounted to a headpiece such that the cold surface of the thermoelectric device is in communication with the forehead of the wearer and the hot surface of the thermoelectric device is in communication with ambient atmospheric air. A thermally conductive strip provides conductive heat transport between the forehead and the cold surface. A finned radiator provides radiative and convective heat transport between the hot surface and ambient air.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Apparatus for cooling the forehead region of the cranium, comprising: first means having photovoltaic surfaces operative in response to solar radiation to provide an electrical signal having nominal voltage and current characteristics; second means connected to said first means and operative in response to said electrical signal having said nominal voltage and current characteristics to provide a cold surface; and third head piece means coupled to said first and said second means for removably mounting said first and said second means to the cranium; thermally conductive metallic strip means mounted to said cold surface such that it is in physical contact with said forehead region of the cranium to provide effective thermal communication with the forehead region and cooling thereof when said third head piece means is mounted to the cranium. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said first means includes at least one solar cell. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein said second means includes a Peltier-effect thermoelectric device. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein said third means includes a headpiece. 5. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein said thermoelectric device has a hot surface; and further including fourth means mounted to said hot surface for providing radiative and convective heat transport. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein said fourth means is a finned radiator and convector. 7. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein said second means includes means for providing conductive heat transport mounted to said Peltier-effect thermoelectric device. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein said conductive heat transport means is a metallic strip. 9. A hot weather hat, comprising: a hat having a crown portion and a brim portion; at least one solar cell selectively mounted to at least one of said crown portion and said brim portion in position to produce an electrical signal in response to solar radiation incident thereon; means including a Peltier-effect thermoelectric device coupled to said at least one solar cell for providing a cold surface in response to said electrical signal; a thermally conductive metallic strip mounted to said cold surface; and said means so mounted to said crown portion that said thermally conductive metallic strip means mounted to said cold surface physically contacts the forehead of a wearer of said hat for cooling the blood present at the forehead and thereby cooling the entire body of the wearer of said hat by circulation of the cooled blood. 10. The hot weather hat of claim 9, further including means mounted to said Peltier-effect thermoelectric device for providing thermally convective and radiative heat transport. 11. The hot weather hat of claim 10, wherein said heat transport means is a finned radiator and convector. 