A light powered rotating detection mirror includes a detection mirror formed of two back-to-back convex mirrors; a motor having a rotatable shaft from which the detection mirror is supported by a first interconnecting chain; a housing and a second interconnecting chain for supporting the motor from a ceiling; a sleeve positioned in surrounding relation to a fluorescent bulb; a solar cell positioned between the sleeve and the fluorescent bulb for converting light energy to electrical energy; and electrical wires connecting the solar cell to the motor for actuating the motor to rotate the detection mirror.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A light energy powered rotating detection mirror comprising: a. a detection mirror including two back-to-back convex mirrors; b. support means for supporting said detecting mirror above a surface; c. motor means for rotating said detection mirror; and d. power means responsive to a source of light energy for supplying power to said motor means so as to operate said motor and cause said detection mirror to rotate whenever light energy is supplied to the power means. 2. A light powered rotating detection mirror according to claim 1; in which said two back-to-back convex mirrors have edges; and said detection mirror further includes a circumferential guide which joins said respective edges of said back-to-back convex mirrors. 3. A light powered rotating detection mirror according to claim 2; wherein said power means includes solar cell means associated with said light source for converting light energy to electrical energy and electrical connection means for supplying said electrical energy from said solar cell means to said motor means so as to control said motor means to rotate said detection mirror. 4. A light powered rotating detection mirror according to claim 3; wherein said light source is a fluorescent bulb; and further including sleeve means mounted on said fluorescent bulb in surrounding relation thereto, and said solar cell means being positioned between said fluorescent bulb and said sleeve means. 5. A light energy powered rotating detection mirror comprising: a. a detection mirror; b. support means for supporting said detection mirror above a surface; c. motor means for rotating said detection mirror, said motor means including, a rotatable drive shaft to which said detection mirror is connected; d. motor mounting means for mounting said motor means to a ceiling in a hanging relation; e. first chain means for supporting said motor mounting means in a hanging relation from said ceiling; f. said support means including second chain means for supporting said detection mirror from said rotating drive shaft of said motor means; and g. power means responsive to a source of light energy for supplying power to said motor means so as to rotate the drive shaft in said motor and to cause said detection mirror to rotate whenever light energy is supplied to the power means. 6. A light energy powered rotating detection mirror comprising: a. a detection mirror; b. support means for supporting said detection mirror in an operating position; c. motor means connected to the support means and to the detection mirror in assembled position and including, a rotatable drive means, and said detection mirror connected to the rotatable drive means for operative rotation therewith, and d. power means responsive to a source of light energy for supplying power for rotating the drive means on said motor means whereby said detection mirror will rotate whenever light energy is supplied to the power means. 