A solar collector assembly designed for installation in a southerly facing wall in order to heat the interior of an enclosed structure. The assembly comprises a transparent window combined with an outwardly extending fixed upper panel for blocking out the rays of the summer sun and an inwardly extending fixed lower panel with a reflective top surface for directing the rays of the sun inside during the cooler months. The window and fixed panels are situated in an open rectangular frame so that the window is tilted at an appropriate angle from the horizontal in order to maximize the thermal benefits of the sun. The frame provides both structural integrity and a means for mounting the solar assembly in the wall of the building. A hinged panel is attached to the outside of the assembly for shading the lower portion of the window when desired.
Claims I claim: 1. A self contained solar collector assembly for installing in the side of a building comprising: a transparent window having upper and lower ends, the window being inclined with respect to horizontal at an angle to substantially maximize direct transmission of available winter solar rays through the window; a fixed upper panel extending outwardly at a right angle to the window, said upper panel being non-transmissive to solar rays and serving to shade the window from the sun's rays during the summer; a fixed lower panel extending inwardly at a right angle to the window, said lower panel having a solar ray reflective surface portion for reflecting inwardly substantially all of the solar rays transmitted through said window and incident upon said surface portion; and frame means for supporting the window and upper panel and lower panel in fixed relationship and for mounting the solar assembly in the side of the building. 2. The invention of claim 1 wherein said frame means comprises a generally open frame having edges defining a top, a bottom, a front, a back and two sides. 3. The invention of claim 2 wherein the lower end of the transparent window is secured to the front bottom edge of the frame and the upper end of the transparent window is secured to the backside edges of the frame at a predetermined location that enables the fixed upper panel to connect with the top front edge of the frame. 4. The invention of claim 3 wherein the fixed lower panel connects with the back bottom edge of the frame. 5. The invention of claim 4 further comprising a hinged panel, pivotally mounted to the bottom front edge of the frame, to selectively overlie a lower portion of the window. 6. The invention of claim 5 wherein the hinged panel has a surface covered with reflective material for reflecting solar rays away from the window when the hinged panel overlies said lower portion of the window. 7. The invention of claim 3 wherein the length of the window is in a corresponding relationship to the depth of the frame so that the window is tilted at a predetermined angle from the horizontal. 8. The invention of claim 7 wherein the depth of the frame is one-half the length of the window and the angle between the plane of the bottom of the frame and the plane of the window is 60.degree.. 9. The invention of claim 2 further comprising a covering that extends at least partially over at least one of the two sides of the frame. 10. The invention of claim 1 in combination with a heat sink placed interiorly and at a predetermined distance from the solar assembly. 