Two- and three-terminal ternary III-V two-color and three-color solar cells which incorporate GaAs.sub.1-x-y P.sub.x Sb.sub.y transparent window layers are described. The window layers lower the surface recombination of the incident homojunction layer.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic device comprising: a conductive crystalline substrate; a layer of GaAs.sub.(1-y) Sb.sub.(y) having regions of differing conductivity forming a homojunction therein contacting said substrate and lattice matching the substrate to within about .+-.1%; a shorting junction layer contacting the surface of said GaAsSb layer opposite to the surface contacting said substrate; a layer of GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) having regions of differing conductivity forming a homojunction therein and a larger bandgap than said GaAsSb layer, said GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) layer contacting the surface of said shorting junction layer opposite to said surface contacting said GaAsSb layer; a layer of Al.sub.(z) Ga.sub.(1-z) As.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) contacting a surface of said GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) layer opposite to said surface contacting said shorting junction layer, said Al.sub.(z) Ga.sub.(1-z) As.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) layer forming a transparent window layer on said GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) ; and means for forming an electrical contact to said layers to withdraw photogenerated current therefrom. 2. The solar cell according to claim 1 wherein y has the value of from about 0.08 to about 0.4 and x has the value of from about 0.1 to about 0.3 and z has the value of from about 0.1 to about 0.9. 3. The solar cell according to claim 2 wherein x and y are about 0.2 and z is 0.5. 4. The solar cell according to claim 2 wherein said shorting junction layer is a GaAs layer having a region of GaAs doped to N.sup.+ -type conductivity followed by a region of GaAs doped to P.sup.+ -type conductivity. 5. The solar cell according to claim 2 further comprising means for contacting the GaAsP layer in a region below the homojunction in said layer. 6. The solar cell according to claim 1 wherein said shorting junction layer is an N.sup.+ -type germanium layer. 7. The solar cell according to claim 1 wherein said shorting junction layer is a P.sup.+ -type germanium layer. 8. The solar cell according to claim 1, 3, 6, 7 or 4 wherein the GaAsSb layer has a bandgap of about 1.1 eV and the GaAsP layer has a bandgap of about 1.65 eV. 9. The solar cell according to claim 1, 2, 3, or 4 further comprising a GaAs homojunction layer between said GaAs.sub.(1-y) Sb.sub.(y) and said GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x), said GaAs layer having a bandgap greater than said GaAs.sub.(1-y) Sb.sub.(y) layer but less than said GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) layer and separated from said GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) and GaAs.sub.(1-y) Sb.sub.(y) layers by shorting junctions. 10. The solar cell according to claim 9 further comprising transition layers between said homojunction layers and said shorting junction layers. 11. A photovoltaic device comprising: a conductive crystalline substrate; a layer of GaAs.sub.(1-y) Sb.sub.(y) having regions of different conductivity forming a homojunction therein and ohmically contacting said substrate and lattice matching said substrate to within about .+-.1%; a first shorting junction layer contacting the surface of said GaAsSb layer opposite to the side contacting said substrate; a layer of GaAs having a homojunction therein contacting said shorting junction layer on the surface opposite to the surface contacting said GaAsSb layer, said GaAs layer having a larger bandgap energy than said GaAs.sub.(1-y) Sb.sub.(y) layer; a second shorting junction layer contacting said GaAs layer opposite to the surface contacting said first shorting junction layer; a layer of GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) having regions of differing conductivity forming a homojunction therein contacting the surface of said second shorting junction layer opposite to said surface contacting said GaAs layer, said GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) layer having larger bandgap energy than either said GaAsSb layer or said GaAs layer; a layer of Al.sub.(z) Ga.sub.(1-z) As.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) contacting the surface of said GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) layer opposite to the surface contacting said second shorting junction layer; and means for forming electrical contact to said layers to withdraw photogenerated current and voltage therefrom. 12. The solar cell according to claim 11 further comprising transition layers between said homojunction layers and said shorting junction layers. 13. A process of fabricating a multicolor solar cell comprising: mounting a conductive substrate in a chemical vapor deposition apparatus; evacuating said apparatus to a pressure of from about 1.times.10.sup.-6 torr to about 1.times.10.sup.-8 torr; heating said substrate to a temperature of from about 500.degree. C. to about 650.degree. C.; establishing a flow rate of an arsenic containing compound; establishing a flow rate of a gallium containing compound; establishing a flow rate of an antimony containing compound; adjusting the flow rates of said arsenic containing compound and said antimony containing compound and N-type and P-type dopants so as to grow a layer of GaAs.sub.(1-y) Sb.sub.(y) on said substrate, said layer having a PN homojunction therein; terminating the flow of said antimony containing compound; adjusting the flow rate of said arsenic and N-type and P-type compounds so as to grow a first shorting junction on said GaAs.sub.(1-y) Sb.sub.(y) layer; increasing the flow rate of said arsenic containing compound while varying the N-type and P-type dopants so as to grow a GaAs homojunction layer on said shorting junction layer; adjusting the flow rates of said N-type and P-type dopants so as to grow a second shorting junction on said GaAs layer; decreasing the flow of said arsenic containing compound and introducing a phosphorus containing compound while varying the N-type and P-type dopants so as to grow a GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) homojunction layer on said second shorting junction layer; decreasing the flow of said gallium containing compound and establishing a flow of an aluminum containing compound so as to grow a window layer of Al.sub.(z) Ga.sub.(1-z) As.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) on the incident surface of said GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) layer; terminating the flow of said gallium containing compound, said arsenic containing compound, said phosphorus containing compound, said aluminum containing compound and said N-type and P-type dopants; and removing said substrate from said apparatus and forming an electrical contact thereto. 14. The process according to claim 13 further comprising: adjusting the flow rates of the antimony containing compound so as to fabricate transition layers of GaAs.sub.(1-y) Sb.sub.(y) between said substrate and said homojunction layer of GaAs.sub.(1-y) Sb.sub.(y) and between said homojunction layer and said first shorting junction layer; and adjusting the flow rate of said phosphorus containing compound so as to grow a transition layer of GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) between said second shorting junction and said GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) layer. 15. A photovoltaic device comprising: a conductive crystalline substrate; a layer of GaAs.sub.(1-y) Sb.sub.(y) having regions of differing conductivity forming a homojunction therein contacting said substrate and lattice matching the substrate to within about .+-.1%; a shorting junction layer comprising a region of Al.sub.(t) Ga.sub.(1-t) As.sub.(1-y) Sb.sub.(y) contacting the surface of said GaAsSb layer opposite to the surface contacting said substrate and a region of Al.sub.(s) Ga.sub.(1-S) As contacting an overlying layer of Ga.sub.(x) As.sub.(1-x) P; said layer of Ga.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) having regions of differing conductivity forming a homojunction therein and a larger bandgap than said GaAsSb layer, said GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) layer contacting the surface of said shorting junction layer opposite to said surface contacting said GaAsSb layer; a layer of Al.sub.(z) Ga.sub.(1-z) As.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) contacting a surface of said GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) layer opposite to said surface contacting said shorting junction layer, said Al.sub.(z) Ga.sub.(1-z) As.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) layer forming a transparent window layer on said GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) ; and means for forming an electrical contact to said layers to withdraw photogenerated current therefrom. 16. A photovoltaic device comprising a conductive crystalline substrate; a layer of GaAs.sub.(1-y) Sb.sub.(y) having regions of different conductivity forming a homojunction therein and ohmically contacting said substrate and lattice matching said substrate to within about .+-.1%. a first transition layer of Al.sub.(t) Ga.sub.(1-t) As.sub.(1-y) Sb.sub.(y) contacting the surface of said GaAsSAb layer opposite to the side contacting said substrate; a first shorting junction layer contacting the surface of said transition layer opposite to the side contacting said GaAsSb layer; a layer of GaAs having a homojunction therein contacting said shorting junction layer on the surface opposite to the surface contacting said transition layer, said GaAs layer having a larger bandgap energy than said GaAs.sub.(1-y) Sb.sub.(y) layer; a second transition layer of Al.sub.(s) Ga.sub.(1-s) As contacting the surface of said GaAs layer opposite to the side contacting said shorting junction layer; a second shorting junction layer contacting said second transition layer opposite to the surface contacting said GaAs layer; a layer of GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) having regions of differing conductivity forming a homojunction therein contacting the surface of said second shorting junction layer opposite to said surface contacting said second transition layer, said GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) layer having larger bandgap energy than either said GaAsSb layer or said GaAs layer; a layer of Al.sub.(z) Ga.sub.(1-z) As.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) contacting the surface of said GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) layer opposite to the surface contacting said second shorting junction layer; and means for forming electrical contact to said layers to withdraw photogenerated current and voltage therefrom. 17. The solar cell according to claim 16 wherein z, s and t are in the range of from 0.1 to 0.9. 18. The solar cell according to claim 17 wherein z, s and t are equal. 19. The solar cell according to claim 18 wherein said GaAsSb layer has a bandgap energy of about 1.1 eV, said GaAs layer has a bandgap energy of about 1.45 eV, and said GaAsP layer has a bandgap energy of about 1.85 eV. 20. A process of fabricating a multicolor solar cell comprising: mounting a conductive crystalline substrate in a chemical vapor deposition apparatus; evacuating said apparatus to a pressure of from about 1.times.10.sup.-6 torr to about 1.times.10.sup.-8 torr; heating said substrate to a temperature of from about 500.degree. C. to about 650.degree. C.; establishing a flow rate of an arsenic containing compound; establishing a flow rate of a gallium containing compound; establishing a flow rate of an antimony containing compound; adjusting the flow rates of said antimony containing compound and said arsenic containing compound so as to fabricate a transition layer of GaAs.sub.(1-y) Sb.sub.(y) between said substrate and a subsequent homojunction layer of GaAs.sub.(1-y) Sb.sub.(y) ; adjusting the flow rates of said arsenic containing compound and said antimony containing compound and N-type and P-type dopants so as to grow a layer of GaAs.sub.(1-y) Sb.sub.(y) on said transition layer, said layer having a PN homojunction therein; introducing a sufficient amount of an aluminum containing compound so as to grow an aluminum containing passivating window layer between said homojunction layer and a subsequently deposited transition layer; adjusting the flow rates of said antimony containing compound and said arsenic containing compound so as to fabricate a transition layer of GaAs.sub.(1-y) Sb.sub.(y) between said homojunction layer and a subsequently deposited first shorting junction layer; terminating the flow of said antimony containing compound; adjusting the flow rate of said arsenic containing compound and said N-type and P-type dopants so as to grow a first shorting junction on said GaAs.sub.(1-y) Sb.sub.(y) transition layer; increasing the flow rate of said arsenic containing compound while varying the N-type and P-type dopants so as to grow a GaAs homojunction layer, having a PN homojunction therein, on said first shorting junction layer; introducing a sufficient amount of an aluminum containing compound so as to grow an aluminum containing passivating layer between said GaAs homojunction layer and a subsequent by deposited second shorting junction layer; adjusting the flow rates of said N-type and P-type dopants so as to grow a second shorting junction layer on said aluminum containing passivating layer; establishing a flow rate of a phosphorus containing compound so as to grow a transition layer of GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x} between said second shorting junction and a subsequently deposited GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) homojunction layer; adjusting the flow rates of said arsenic containing compound and said phosphorus containing compound while varying the N-type and P-type dopants so as to grow a GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) homojunction layer, having a PN homojunction therein, on said second transition layer; decreasing the flow rate of said gallium containing compound and establishing a flow rate of an aluminum containing compound so as to grow a window layer of Al.sub.(z) Ga.sub.(1-z) As.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) on the incident surface of said GaAs.sub.(1-x) P.sub.(x) homojunction layer; terminating the flow of said gallium containing compound, said arsenic containing compound, said phosphorus containing compound, said aluminum containing compound and said N-type and P-type dopants; and removing said substrate from said apparatus and forming electrical contacts thereto. 