A method and apparatus for uniformly distributing a substantially parallel beam of light along a light conducting distribution rod of fixed length is demonstrated using a series of imbedded beam splitting mirrors. The light distribution rod may have a wide variety of light distribution properties and may be bent into circular configurations. Also a method and light collection assembly is disclosed which use a series of mirrors to collect parallel or diverging light and redirect it into a narrow beam of parallel light. The collection is accomplished by spiral or asymptotic mirror surfaces which funnel the light by means of converging multiple reflections into a designated output pattern. A multiple channel optical fiber rotatable connector is a principle example of a device which employs both the light distributing and light collecting assemblies. This connector passes light between two relatively rotating sections.
Claims I claim: 1. In a light distribution assembly for distributing light from a beam of light provided by a light source of the type comprising a light transmitting means for receiving light from said light source and transmitting said light along at least one path within said light transmitting means, and mirror means including a plurality of spaced, beam splitting mirror means positioned to intercept light travelling along said path, a group of said beam splitting mirror means each operating to deflect a portion of said light outwardly from said light transmitting means while permitting the remainder of said light to continue along said path the improvement for enabling said group of beam splitting mirror means operate to deflect light of substantially equal intensity outwardly from said light transmitting means wherein each beam splitting mirror means in said group of beam splitting mirror means is formed to provide a reflectivity which differs from that of the remaining beam splitting mirror means, the reflectivity of each said beam splitting mirror means progressively increasing as the distance of said mirror means from the light source increases and wherein said light transmitting means is a rod into which said mirror means are incorporated at equally spaced intervals in a manner such that said group of beam splitting mirrors collectively fill a length of said rod without adjacent mirror means overlapping, said rod having a length that corresponds to the width thereof multiplied by the number of said beam splitting mirror means. 2. The light distribution assembly of claim 1, wherein said rod is a curved light transmitting rod. 3. The light distribution assembly of claim 1, wherein said rod is a circular light transmitting rod, and said group of beam splitting mirror means are spaced cone-shaped mirrors imbedded in said circular light transmitting rod, each such cone-shaped mirror having an apex arranged to point toward said light source. 4. The light distrubution assembly of claim 3, wherein the apex angle for each such apex is 90.degree. and each such apex is positioned to lie along the central longitudinal axis of said circular light transmitting rod. 5. The light distribution assembly of claim 1, wherein said light transmitting rod is flexible. 6. The light distribution assembly of claim 1 wherein said light transmitting means is operable to transmit said light along a pair of oppositely directed paths. 7. A light distribution assembly comprising a lighting fixture support means, light emitting means mounted upon said fixture support means, said light emitting means including light transmitting means for receiving solar light and transmitting said light along at least one path within said light transmitting means and mirror means including a plurality of spaced beam splitting mirror means positioned to intercept light travelling along said path, a group of said beam splitting mirror means each operating to deflect a portion of said light outwardly from said light transmitting means while permitting the remainder of said light to continue along said path, and artificial light source means mounted upon said fixture support means to provide light independent of solar light emitted by said light transmitting means. 8. The light distribution assembly according to claim 7, wherein said artificial light source is positioned relative to said light transmitting means for providing light separately from that emitted from said light transmitting means and by reflection from said light transmitting means. 9. The light distribution assembly of claim 7 wherein said light emitting means includes at least one electric light assembly mounted upon said fixture support means to provide light through said light transmitting means. 10. A method for collimating light from a light source which includes causing said light to follow at least one substantially spiral path from said source to an output, placing reflecting means along said sprial path to cause multiple reflections of said light passing along said path, and preventing the angular divergence of said light from increasing as it passes along said path to the output. 11. The method according to claim 10, wherein said method is performed with said light source being directed into a hub of spirally configured mirror array and emitted in a substantially collimated form at a circumferential extremity of the array. 12. A light collecting assembly for collimating light from an extended light source into a beam comprising a hub means for providing said light and spirally curved light path defining means positioned to receive light from said hub and cause said light to be confined within a spirally curved path extending outwardly away from and around said hub, said curved light path defining means including mirror means mounted along said curved path to cause multiple reflections of said light along said curved path, said mirror means operating to cause collimation of said light as it moves along said curved path. 13. The light collecting assembly of claim 12, wherein said spirally curved light path defining means includes a plurality of mirror units arranged to provide a plurality of non-overlapping substantially spiral light paths extending from points around said hub to an output spaced outwardly of said hub. 14. The light collecting assembly of claim 13, wherein each of said light paths is defined by a single mirror extending spirally from said hub to said output. 15. The light collecting assembly of claim 13 wherein each of said light paths is defined by a plurality of spaced mirrors positioned in spaced relationship along said light path. 16. A rotatable optical connector comprising a rotor, a stator having a rotor receiving cavity, means for mounting said rotor for rotation within said rotor receiving cavity, optical light distribution means extending around the periphery of said rotor, said optical light distribution means operating to receive a light beam and to distribute the light from said beam outwardly from said rotor around the periphery thereof, light transmission means connected to provide a light beam to said optical light distribution means, and optical light collecting means mounted on said stator for receiving the light distributed outwardly from said rotor and operating to collimate said light into a beam, said optical light collecting means having a light receiving means which extends around said rotor receiving chamber in spaced opposed relationship to said light distribution means, wherein said optical light collecting means includes hub means forming said light receiving means and spirally curved light defining means positioned to receive light from said hub means and cause said light to be confined within a spirally curved path extending outwardly away from and around said hub means, said spirally curved light path defining means including mirror means mounted along said spirally curved path to cause multiple reflections of said light along said spirally curved path, said mirror means operating to cause collimation of said light as it moves along said spirally curved path. 17. The rotatable optical connector of claim 16, which includes a first light output and receiving means mounted upon said rotor in alignment with the central rotational axis thereof, said light transmission means being connected to said first light output and receiving means, and a second light output and receiving means mounted upon said stator in spaced optical alignment with said first light output and receiving means. 18. The rotatable optical connector of claim 16, wherein said optical light distribution means includes light rod means extending around said rotor for receiving and transmitting light along at least one path within said light rod means, and mirror means including a plurality of spaced, beam splitting mirror means positioned to intercept light travelling along said path, a group of said beam splitting mirror means each operating to deflect a portion of said light outwardly from said light rod means while permitting the remainder of said light to continue along said path. 19. The rotatable optical connector according to claim 16, wherein said spirally curved light path defining means includes a plurality of mirror units arranged to provide a plurality of non-overlapping substantially spiral light paths extending from points around said hub to an output spaced outwardly of said hub. 20. The rotatable optical connector according to claim 19, wherein each of said light paths is defined by a plurality of spaced mirrors positioned in spaced relationship along said light path. 21. The rotatable optical connector according to claim 19, wherein each of said light paths is defined by a plurality of spaced mirrors positioned in spaced relationship along said light path. 