This invention concerns a tracking device which enables the positioning of an apparatus to trace a curved path. For example, they are suitable for solar devices such as photovoltaic generators, solar cookers and heliostates. Normally the tracking apparatus is mounted on a vertical axis, whereas according to the invention a necessary tilt to the horizontal axis is attained automatically through a directing limb by rotating the vertical axis, this making possible a trustworthy and uncomplicated manufacturable and manageable tracking device that can be easily adjusted to the local circumstances.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A device for maintaining a first object in alignment with a second object along a curved path around a first axis, said device comprising: a rotatable shaft having a second axis, said first object being mounted rotatably on said shaft around a third axis, said third axis being perpendicular to said second axis; drive means for rotating said rotatable shaft around said second axis; a first hinge connected by at least one limb to said first object; a second hinge arranged on a fixed relationship to said first axis and intersecting said second axis and said third axis, said second hinge being connected to said first hinge by a directing limb to tilt said first object around said third axis when said drive means rotates said shaft around said second axis. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein said first object is a solar device, said second object is the sun, and said first axis is the earth's axis. 3. The device according to claim 1, wherein the inclination of said first object with respect to said line parallel to said first axis is adjustable by means of an adjusting link arranged between said mounting limb and said first object. 4. The device according to claim 1, wherein the length of said directing limb is adjustable, so that the inclination of said first object with respect to said line parallel to said first axis is adjustable. 5. The device according to claim 1, wherein said directing limb comprises pliable, strain-creating limb material, including one of a rope, a string, and a chain. 6. The device according to claim 5, wherein the length of said directing limb is adjustable by means of a crank device. 7. The device according to claim 1, wherein said drive means is connected to said shaft by means of a cardan joint. 8. The device according to claim 1, wherein said second axis is vertically disposed. 9. The device according to claim 1, wherein said third axis intersects said second axis. 10. The device according to claim 1, further including: a plurality of means, each for maintaining a first object in correct or in approximate alignment with a common second object, each of said plurality of means being driven by a single common drive means with the shafts of said devices being coupled mechanically for synchronized rotation. 11. A device for maintaining a first object in alignment with a second object moving on a curved path around a first axis, said device comprising: a rotatable shaft having a second axis, said first object being mounted rotatably on said shaft around the third axis, said third axis being perpendicular to said second axis; drive means for rotating said rotatable shaft around said second axis; a first hinge mounted on said first object; a second hinge connected by a directing limb to said first hinge to tilt said first object around said third axis when said drive means rotates said shaft around said second axis, said second hinge being mounted movably on a curved path, lying in the plane containing said second axis and a line parallel to said first axis, wherein the tilting angle (.alpha..sub.s) of said first object as measured in said plane is adjustable. 12. The device according to claim 11, wherein said first object is a solar device, said second object is the sun, and said first axis is the earth's axis. 13. The device according to claim 11, wherein said directing limb comprises a pliable strain-creating limb material, including a rope, a string, and a chain. 14. The device according to claim 11, wherein said drive means is connected to said shaft by means of a cardan joint. 15. The device according to claim 11, wherein said second axis is vertically disposed. 16. The device according to claim 11, wherein said third axis intersects said second axis. 17. The device according to claim 11, further including: a plurality of means, each for maintaining a first object in correct or in approximate alignment with a common second object, each of said plurality of means being driven by a single common drive means with the shafts of said devices being coupled mechanically for synchronized rotation. 18. The device according to claim 11, wherein the tilting angle (.alpha..sub.o) of said first object is between 50.degree. and 80.degree. when said shaft has been rotated by 90.degree. from the position of said minimum tilting angle (.alpha..sub.s). 19. A device for maintaining a first object in alignment with a second object moving on a curved path around a first axis, said device comprising: a shaft rotatably mounted around a second axis, said first object being mounted rotatably on said shaft around a third axis, said third axis being perpendicular to said second axis. 20. The device of claim 19, wherein said first object is a solar device, said second object is the sun, and said first axis is the earth's axis. 21. The device according to claim 19, wherein said directing limb comprises one of a pliable strain-creating limb material, including a rope, a string, and a chain. 22. The device according to claim 19, wherein said drive means is connected to said shaft by means of a cardan joint. 23. The device according to claim 19, wherein said second axis is vertically disposed. 24. The device according to claim 19, wherein said third axis intersects said second axis. 25. The device according to claim 19, further including: a plurality of means, each for maintaining a first object in alignment with a common second object, each of said plurality of means being driven by a single common drive means with the shafts of said devices being coupled mechanically for synchronized rotation. 26. The device according to claim 11, wherein the tilting angle (.alpha..sub.o) of said first object is between 50.degree. and 80.degree. when said shaft has been rotated by 90.degree. from the position of said minimum tilting angle (.alpha..sub.s). 27. A device for maintaining a first object in alignment with a second object moving on a curved path around a first axis, said device comprising: a shaft rotatable around a second axis, said first object being mounted rotatably on said shaft around a third axis, said third axis being perpendicular to said second axis; drive means coupled to said shaft for rotataing the same around said second axis; at least one first hinge connected to a mounting limb, said mounting limb being mounted rotatably around a fourth axis, said fourth axis being parallel to said third axis and mounted on said second axis, said mounting limb having an extension arranged opposite to said first hinge with respect to said second axis; at least one second hinge mounted fixedly and connected by a directing limb to said first hinge to tilt said first object around said third axis when said drive means rotates said shaft around said second axis; a third hinge mounted shiftably on said extension and a fourth hinge mounted on said first object and being connected to said third hinge by a coupling limb wherein the minimum tilting angle (.alpha..sub.s) of said first object with respect to the horizontal plane is adjustable. 28. The device of claim 27, wherein said first object is a solar device, said second object is the sun, and said first axis is the earth's axis. 29. The device according to claim 27, wherein said directing limb comprises a pliable strain-creating limb material, including one of a rope, a string, and a chain. 30. The device according to claim 27, wherein said drive means is connected to said shaft by means of a cardan joint. 31. The device according to claim 27, wherein said second axis is vertically disposed. 32. The device according to claim 27, wherein said third axis intersects said second axis. 33. The device according to claim 27, further including: a plurality of means, each for maintaining a first object in correct or in approximate alignment with a common second object, each of said plurality of means being driven by a single common drive means with the shafts of said devices being coupled mechanically for synchronized rotation. 34. The device according to claim 27, wherein the tilting angle (.alpha..sub.o) of said first object is between 50.degree. and 80.degree. when said shaft has been rotated by 90.degree. from the position of said minimum tilting angle (.alpha..sub.s). 