A solar heating apparatus is disclosed along with a method of making a solar heating apparatus. The apparatus has a frame with a solar collector movably mounted thereto. A solar tracking mechanism moves the solar collector on the frame during daylight hours responsive to differential heating of a plurality of fluid filled containers located on the solar collector. The tracking mechanism includes a rotating mechanism attached between the frame and the solar collector and having a pair of arcuate cylinders therein along with a pair of fixed pistons. The arcuate cylinders are connected to a pair of fluid filled containers or pipes located on the solar collector and partially shaded in different positions to provide a differential fluid pressure between the containers and between the cylinders of the rotating mechanism. The differential fluid pressure rotates one part of the rotating mechanism attached to the solar collector. The method of making a solar heating apparatus includes the steps of forming a pair of curved sheets of metal on either side of curved ribs and a form, then capping the edges of the spaced sheets of metal and injecting an expandable polymer therebetween. The polymer injected between the sheets is expanded and cured. A solar collector tube is next mounted inside the solar collector curved sheets and a transparent cover is placed over the collector. A solar collector rotating mechanism is mounted between a fixed frame and the solar collector and connected to fluid filled containers for rotating the solar collector relative to the differential pressure of the fluid, which pressure varies relative to the position of the sun heating one or more of the containers.
Claims I claim: 1. A method of making a solar heating apparatus comprising the steps of: forming a pair of pre-cut, pre-sized rectangular sheets of metal having longitudinal edges and end edges in a curved form with a predetermined space therebetween; capping the end edges of said spaced sheets of metal to form a closed end trough structure; injecting an expandable polymer material between said spaced curved sheets; expanding and curing said injected polymer material between said spaced curved sheets; and mounting a solar collector tube between said end caps in the trough structure of in said solar collector formed by said spaced sheets of metal, whereby a rapidly formed solar collector is produced. 2. A method of making a solar heating apparatus in accordance with claim 1 in which the step of capping includes capping the end edges of spaced sheets with a capping having apertures therein. 3. A method of making a solar heating apparatus in accordance with claim 1 including the step of encasing the solar collector tube in a transparent cover tube. 4. A method of making a solar heating apparatus in accordance with claim 2 including the step of evacuating the transparent cover of tube of air. 5. A method of making a solar heating apparatus in accordance with claim 4 including the step of mounting a collector rotating means between a frame and said solar collector. 6. A method of making a solar heating apparatus in accordance with claim 4 including the step of mounting a pair of partially shaded fluid filled containers adjacent said solar collector and to said rotating means. 7. A method of making a solar heating apparatus in accordance with claim 5 including the step of making said rotating means by connecting a casing member having a pair of arcuate cylinders therein to a casing member having a pair of pistons attached thereto. 8. A method of making a solar heating apparatus in accordance with claim 6 including the step of covering said formed solar collector with a transparent cover. 