A heat stress monitor comprised of a thermometer tube having at least a black globe-bulb and a wet-bulb therein and adapted to provide a direct reading of wet-bulb globe temperature (WBGT). The inclusion in the tube of a dry-bulb makes the monitor particularly adapted to measuring WBGT outdoors. The thermometer tube is in the form of a single tube and the bulbs are disposed in series therein with an extension part extending beyond the bulbs to permit a direct reading to be taken of the position of a thermally responsive medium in the tube.
Claims I claim: 1. A heat stress monitor comprising a thermometer tube shaped generally in a shallow U configuration and having a black globe-bulb on one free arm thereof and a wet-bulb on the other free arm thereof, there being an interconnection across the base of the U between the bulbs so as to connect said bulbs in series, a black globe for receiving the black globe-bulb and means capable of moistening the surface of the wet-bulb, the thermometer tube being adapted to provide a direct reading of wet-bulb globe temperature, and a common thermally responsive medium in the tube which medium extends from the wet-bulb through the tube into the black globe-bulb and beyond said black globe-bulb into an extension part of the tube which extends substantially parallel with the base of the U and is provided to permit a reading to be taken of the position of the thermally responsive medium, the internal volumes of the black globe-bulb and the wet-bulb being respectively proportional to the percentages of the black globe temperature and of the wet-bulb temperature required for determining the wet-bulb globe temperature whereby the position of the thermally responsive medium is indicative of the wet-bulb globe temperature. 2. A heat stress monitor according to claim 1 wherein the thermometer tube is secured in a housing from which the wet-bulb and black globe-bulb project respectively inside the moistening means and the black globe and the extension part is visible externally of the housing. 3. A heat stress monitor according to claim 2 wherein the extension part is mounted on an external surface of the housing. 4. A heat stress monitor according to claim 2 wherein the moistening means comprises a cup mounted in the housing and a liquid absorbent sheath extending from the cup around the wet-bulb. 5. A heat stress monitor comprising a thermometer tube having a black globe-bulb, a dry-bulb and a wet-bulb therein, a black globe for receiving the black globe-bulb, means protecting the dry-bulb from direct solar radiation and means capable of moistening the surface of the wet-bulb, the thermometer tube being adapted to provide a direct reading of wet-bulb globe temperature, and wherein the thermometer tube comprises a single tube with the bulbs disposed in series therein and a common thermally responsive medium in the tube which medium extends from the wet-bulb, serially through the tube, through the dry-bulb and into the black globe-bulb and beyond said black globe-bulb into an extension part of the tube which is provided to permit a reading to be taken of the position of the thermally responsive medium, the internal volumes of the black globe-bulb, the dry-bulb and the wet-bulb being respectively proportional to the percentages of the black globe temperature, of the dry-bulb temperature and of the wet-bulb temperature required for determining the wet-bulb globe temperature whereby the position of the thermally responsive medium is indicative of the wet-bulb globe temperature. 6. A heat stress monitor according to claim 5 wherein the thermometer tube is shaped generally in a shallow U configuration, with the wet-bulb being on one free arm thereof and the black globe-bulb being on the other free arm thereof, there being an interconnection across the base of the U between said bulbs and incorporating the dry-bulb, and wherein said extension part of the thermometer tube for providing the wet-bulb globe temperature measurement extends substantially parallel with the base of the U and is an extension of the free arm of the U which contains the black globe-bulb. 7. A heat stress monitor according to claim 5 wherein the thermometer tube is secured in a housing from which the wet-bulb and black globe-bulb project respectively inside the moistening means and the black globe and the extension part is visible externally of the housing. 8. A heat stress monitor according to claim 7 wherein the extension part is mounted on an external surface of the housing. 9. A heat stress monitor according to claim 7 wherein the moistening means comprises a cup mounted in the housing and a liquid absorbent sheath extending from the cup around the wet-bulb. 10. A heat stress monitor according to claim 7 which includes an enlarged opening in the housing and adapted to receive the dry-bulb therein and air permeable closure means preventing entry of incipient radiation to the opening. 11. A heat stress monitor according to claim 10 in which the closure means comprises a pair of overlying louvered panels. 