A solar powered vehicle utilizing incident solar radiation to charge storage batteries for energizing an electric motor mounted within the vehicle. The solar panel comprises a lower panel mounted on an exterior surface of the vehicle and first and second upper panels pivotally connected on opposed sides to the lower panel and movable between a first inboard position overlaying the lower panel and a second outboard position in-line with the lower panel in which the lower panel and the first and second upper panels are disposed for receiving incident solar radiation. The first and second upper panels are releasably interlockable with the lower panel in a secure, spaced-apart position when the first and second upper panels are disposed in the first inboard position overlying the lower panel. A plurality of solar panels may be provided on the roof, hood and/or trunk of the vehicle.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar powered vehicle comprising: an electric motor for propelling the vehicle; a plurality of electric storage batteries mounted within the vehicle for providing electrical power to the electric motor; and solar panel means mounted on the exterior of the vehicle and electrically connected to the storage batteries for converting incident solar radiation into electricity for charging the batteries; the solar panel means comprising a lower panel mounted on the vehicle and at least a first upper panel pivotally mounted on a side of the lower panel and movable between a first inboard position overlaying the lower panel and a second outboard position in-line with the lower panel in which the lower panel and the first upper panel are disposed for receiving incident solar radiation, and releasable interlocking means, mounted on the lower panel and the first upper panel, for releasably interconnecting the lower panel and the first upper panel in a secure, spacedapart position when the first upper panel is disposed in a first inboard position overlaying the lower panel. 2. The solar powered vehicle of claim 1 wherein the releasable interlocking means comprises: interlocking tongue and groove connections mounted on certain of the exterior sides of the lower and first upper panels. 3. A solar panel assembly for mounting on the exterior of a vehicle having an electrical motor for powering the vehicle and a plurality of electric stroage batteries for providing electrical power to the electric motor, the solar panel assembly comprising: a lower panel adapted to be secured to an exterior surface on the vehicle; and first and second upper panels pivotally mounted on opposed sides of the lower panel and movable between a first inboard position overlaying the lower panel and a second outboard position in-line with the lower panel in which the lower panel and the first and second upper panels are disposed for receiving incident solar radiation; each of the lower panel and the first and second upper panels including a plurality of interconnected photovoltaic cells, and releasable interlocking means for interlocking the lower panel and each of the first and second upper panels when the first and second upper panels are disposed in the first inboard position overlaying the lower panel. 4. The solar panel assembly of claim 3 wherein the interlocking means comprises interlocking tongue and groove connections mounted on certain side edges of the lower and the first and second upper panels. 