A solar generator support structure mounting standard photovoltaic panels thereon is disclosed. The solar panels are housed in flat planes (bays and courses) which include a plurality of parallel, symmetrically faceted and stepped areas that are a maximum at the base and over the center of the support structure and which planes define a dome-shaped segment called a hemidome. The planes face upwardly and are stepped, ramped (or a combination thereof) with respect to each other. Single or double axis tracking is provided so that the sun's movement is followed.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar generator structure comprising: a domeshaped support segment having a plurality of stepped, flat, upwardly facing surfaces mounting solar cell panels thereon; and means for rotating said support segment about a vertical axis at the dome's apex so that said solar panels follow the sun's movements. 2. A structure in accordance with claim 1 wherein the stepped surfaces are fixed at a predetermined angular amount. 3. A structure in accordance with claim 2 wherein the predetermined amount is a compromise sun angle selected to catch a high amount of the sun's rays for the particular location of the support structure. 4. A structure in accordance with claim 1 comprising a series of parallel trusses starting at the support segment's base and curving upward toward the support segment's apex. 5. A structure in accordance with claim 4 wherein the trusses define flat parallel planes having areas diminishing in two directions to conform to the support segment's dome shape, and means for rotating the parallel planes in a second axis to further follow the sun's movement. 6. A solar generator structure comprising: a substantially dome-shaped inner support means; an outer, substantially dome-shaped segment spaced from and rotatable about the inner support means, said segment comprising; a plurality of planes mounting photovoltaic arrays thereon which are oriented to generally face the sun during a majority of daylight hours. 7. A solar generator in accordance with claim 6 and wherein said outer segment further comprises: a substantially hemidome configuration having a main central flat, faceted and stepped portion starting at the base and extending over the apex of the hemidome; and stepped flat bays symmetrically located on both sides of the central portion towards the edges of a diameter located at the base of the hemidome. 8. A solar generator in accordance with claim 7 and further comprising: means for rotating the outer hemidome to follow the sun's movement. 9. A solar generator in accordance with claim 8 and further comprising: a first plurality of wheels at the base of the outer hemidome and means for driving the wheels at the rate of the sun's movement. 10. A solar generator in accordance with claim 9 and further comprising: means for driving the outer hemidome at a faster rate to a position for minimizing the chance of damage by strong winds. 11. A solar generator in accordance with claim 9 and further comprising: a second plurality of wheels and a track supported on the inner dome at a position intermediate of the base and the apex of the inner dome, and a pivot point bearing located at the apex of the inner dome for supporting a portion of the load of the outer hemidome. 12. A solar generator in accordance with claim 11 and further comprising: locking wheels associated with said second plurality of wheels for securing the hemidome to said intermediate rail while permitting rotation thereof. 13. A solar generator in accordance with claim 8 wherein said rotating means comprises: a plurality of parallel circular rails concentrically positioned and supported by said dome-shaped inner support, and wheeled support mechanisms positioned between said outer hemidome and said rails with the wheels adapted for riding upon said rails. 14. A solar generator in accordance with claim 13 and further comprising: means for driving selected ones of said wheeled support mechanisms at the rate of the sun's movement. 15. A solar generator in accordance with claim 14 wherein said means for driving further comprises: a motor and a gear drive system driven thereby; a drive axle having worm gears located at the extremities of said drive axle, and mating gear means meshing with said worm gears and connected to said wheels for driving said wheels along said rails. 16. A solar generator in accordance with claim 15 wherein said selected ones of said wheeled support mechanisms are located on the rail nearest to the base of said outer hemidome. 17. A solar generator in accordance with claim 7 and further comprising: an upwardly extending series of terminating upper courses at the upper extremity of each bay of the hemidome located beyond the apex and extending therefrom towards the edges of said hemidome diameter. 18. A solar generator in accordance with claim 17 and further comprising: planes of said flat bays and courses positioned to face upwardly at a compromise sun angle selected for the particular solar collection location. 19. A solar generator in accordance with claim 17 and said terminating courses further comprising: upwardly standing flat planes for collecting more solar rays than the diminished area of that last course would have been able to collect had it followed the dome segment's geometry as herein defined. 20. A solar generator in accordance with claim 7 and further comprising: a first main course adjacent to said base and wherein said course is defined by a plurality of planes tangentially spaced from the outer surface of the inner dome, and said course comprising in total a majority of the aperture area for the sun's solar rays, and each plane within that course being symmetrically located from the center and diminishing in area as the planes are located away from the center and toward the outer edge of the hemidome. 21. A solar generator in accordance with claim 20 and further comprising: a plurality of additional courses located above said first course and each one of said plurality of courses having planes similarly configured to that defined for said first course and further defined by each course presenting diminishing areas as it is progressively located toward and over the apex of the hemidome. 22. A solar generator in accordance with claim 6 wherein: said dome-shaped inner support means is a thin-walled dome providing useable space therein. 23. A solar generator in accordance with claim 6 wherein the plurality of planes comprise a first group located near the base of the segment and facing the sun at a compromise sun angle related to the latitude where the solar generator is located. 24. A solar generator in accordance with claim 23 wherein the plurality of planes additionally comprise a second stepped group located above and behind the first group and also facing said compromise sun angle. 25. A solar generator in accordance with claim 24 wherein the steps of the second group are at right angles between adjacent array planes. 26. A solar generator in accordance with claim 25 wherein the steps of said second group are progressively situated above and behind adjacent array planes. 27. A solar generator in accordance with claim 26 wherein the steps cause shading on the next upper array plane at low sun angles. 28. A solar generator in accordance with claim 27 wherein the steps are defined by an angle less than said right angle for minimizing said shading by an amount related to said angular difference. 29. A solar generator in accordance with claim 28 wherein the angular difference is about 10.degree., which amount maximizes the total array plane area unaffected by shading. 30. A solar generator in accordance with claim 29 wherein the angular difference provides sun rays on the array planes earlier than was the case with said right angle steps. 31. A solar generator in accordance with claim 23 wherein said plurality of planes additionally comprise: a second group of planes faceted towards the sides of said dome-shaped segment and tilted at a predetermined angle less than said compromise sun angle. 32. A solar generator in accordance with claim 31 and additionally comprising: a third group of planes faceted towards the sides of said dome-shaped segment and essentially horizontally positioned over the apex of said inner dome. 33. A solar generator in accordance with claim 32 and further comprising: a fourth group of planes faceted towards the sides of said dome, with said fourth group positioned above said third group and facing at said compromise sun angle. 34. A solar generator in accordance with claim 31 wherein said plurality of planes additionally comprise: a third group of planes tilted at a predetermined angle less than said angle of said second group. 35. A solar generator in accordance with claim 34 wherein said first group faces the compromise sun angle and are tilted with respect to the plane of the dome's base at about 50.degree., the second group is tilted with respect to said base at an angle of about 30.degree., and said third group is tilted with respect to said base at an angle of about 20.degree.. 36. A solar generator in accordance with claim 6 wherein said plurality of planes on said outer substantially dome-shaped segment are flat, rectangular and parallel with each other. 37. A solar generator in accordance with claim 6 wherein the plurality of planes additionally comprise a plurality of ramp planes located above and continuous from the top of said first group and continuous from the top of each progressively higher ramp plane. 38. A method of forming a solar energy support structure comprising the steps of: establishing a dome-shaped inner surface; spacing a segment of an outer dome away from and coaxial with the inner dome; facing a plurality of planes on the outer surface of the outer dome segment in a configuration when viewed from a compromise sun angle such that the unshadowed portions of the planes form essentially an ellipse. 39. A method in accordance with claim 38 and further comprising the step of: arranging a series of parallel trusses for the planes so that the bottom surface of one truss is available as the top surface of an adjacent truss. 