Laser scan/electrophotographic non-impact printer is disclosed which comprises one or more laser diodes mounted on a rotating turntable, the angular scan of the laser diode being generated by rotation of the turntable. An optical system is provided for each beam emitted from the laser diode to shape and direct the beam toward the photosensitive surface. The information is carried on the beam by modulating the beam with the information output of the computer at the source of the beam. To increase the efficiency of the output of the device, the front and rear surfaces of the laser diodes may both be used. To overcome the difficulty of providing the necessary power to drive the laser diodes to the rotating turntable, a power source comprising a solar cell array illuminated by a lamp is provided. Preferably, this solar cell array is mounted on a surface above the surface of the laser diodes, so that it is easily carried by the rotating turntable. A rotating battery or power generator could also be used. To provide the information modulation to the laser diode outputs, preferably a photodiode or similar light sensitive device is mounted above the rotating turntable, with the control signal being provided by an LED through a fiber optic element or the like. Thus, the photo detector can be mounted to rotate with the laser diodes, while the LED or other source of light control signals is stationary relative to the rotating turntable.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An integrated laser diode scanner for scanning an information modulated laser beam across a surface comprising a rotating turntable carrying a source of said laser beam, a power source for said laser diode mounted on a further turntable for rotation with said laser source, lens means for focusing said laser output along a transmission path to the surface, and means responsive to an information signal sequence for modulating said laser beam, said laser modulating means comprising a light sensitive device mounted for rotation with said turntable and responsive to a light source containing said modulation information to impress the information on the output of the laser source. 2. An improved laser diode scanner as claimed in claim 1 wherein said laser beam source comprises a plurality of lasers mounted so that the outputs of said lasers successively impact said copying surface. 3. An improved laser diode scanner as claimed in claim 2 wherein said lasers are mounted on the axes of an equilateral triangle. 4. An improved laser diode scanner as claimed in claim 3, including means for focusing outputs from both ends of said lasers on the copying surface. 5. An improved laser diode scanner as claimed in claim 4 wherein the outputs of both ends of said scanner lie on the axes of said equilateral triangle. 6. An improved laser diode scanner as claimed in claim 1 wherein said light sensitive device comprises a photodiode connected to modulate the drive current to the laser. 7. An improved laser diode scanner as claimed in claim 6 wherein the light sensitive device is mounted coincident with the axis of rotation of the turntable. 8. An improved laser diode scanner as claimed in claim 7 wherein said modulating light source is stationary relative to said light sensitive device. 9. An integrated laser diode scanner for scanning an information modulated laser beam across the surface comprising a rotating turntable carrying a source of said laser beam, a power source for said laser diode mounted on a further turntable for rotation with said laser source, lens means for focusing said laser output along a transmission path to the surface, and means responsive to an information signal sequence for modulating said laser beam, said power source turntable comprising a substantially planar support parallel with the upper surface of said turntable, said power source including photovoltaic cell means for generating drive power for said laser source, and a light source for powering said cell means. 10. An improved laser diode scanner as claimed in claim 9 wherein said photovoltaic cell means comprise an array of photovoltaic cells. 11. An improved laser diode scanner as claimed in claim 10 wherein said light source is stationary. 12. In an electrophotographic copying apparatus in which electrically charged toner of one polarity corresponding to an image to which a photoconductive surface of a drum is exposed is transferred from the oppositely electrically charged surface of the drum to the front side of a blank sheet of paper, an improved system for selectively exposing said photoconductive surface to a light source comprising a turntable for mounting a plurality of lasers, a power source for said plurality of lasers mounted on a further turntable for rotation with said plurality of lasers, means for rotating said platform at constant speed, means for focusing the output of the lasers along a transmission path to the drum surface, and means for modulating said lasers comprising a light sensitive device mounted for rotation with said turntables and responsive to a light source containing said modulation information to impress the information on the output of the laser source, the drum being rotatable past the plane of the turntable surface to expose a succession of lines on said drum to said modulated laser. 13. An improved laser diode scanner as claimed in claim 12, wherein the lasers are mounted on the axes of an equilateral triangle on the surface of said platform including means for focusing outputs from both ends of said lasers on the copying surface. 14. An improved laser diode scanner as claimed in claim 14 wherein said power source turntable comprises a substantially planar support parallel with the upper surface of said turntable, said power source including photovoltaic cell means for generating drive power for said laser source, and a light source for powering said cell means. 15. An improved laser diode scanner as claimed in claim 12 wherein said light sensitive device comprises a photodiode connected to modulate the drive current to the laser. 16. An improved laser diode scanner as claimed in claim 15 wherein the light sensitive device is mounted coincident with the axis of rotation of the turntable. 17. An improved laser diode scanner as claimed in claim 16 wherein said modulating light source is stationary relative to said light sensitive device. 