An improvement is disclosed in a solar reflector having a first form member, a second form member, the first and second form members having peripheries having identical form surfaces along portions thereof, a generally rectangular flexible sheet having a reflective surface, opposite edges and lateral edges, a structure which secures the opposite edges to the identical form surfaces with the reflective surface being infacing, the reflective surface having a shape defined by the identical form surfaces, the shape being such that light striking the reflective surface is redirected generally onto an axis extending generally parallel to the sheet from the first form member to the second form member, an energy absorbing target extending along the axis, and a tensioning structure for tensioning the sheet between the first and second form members. The improvement comprises having the tensioning structure act between the first and second form members. A relatively light weight structure is provided which can be constructed very close to the ground to avoid wind loads. Use of flexible plumbing can be avoided. Construction is relatively quick and inexpensive.
Claims I claim: 1. In a solar reflector having a first form member, a second form member, said first and second form members having peripheries having identical form surfaces along portions thereof, a generally rectangular flexible sheet having a reflective surface, opposite edges and lateral edges, securing means for securing the opposite edges to the identical form surfaces with the reflective surface being infacing, the reflective surface having a shape defined by the identical form surfaces, the shape being such that light striking the reflective surface is redirected generally on to an axis extending generally parallel to the sheet from the first form member to the second form member, an energy absorbing target extending along said axis, means for supporting said first form member, means for supporting said second form member, and tensioning means for tensioning said sheet between said first and second form members, an improvement comprising: wherein said tensioning means acts between said first and second form members, said first form member has a first opening therethrough, said second form member has a second opening therethrough, said energy absorbing target has a first end extending through said first opening and a second end extending through said second opening, said first form member supporting means includes first support means for supporting said first end of said energy absorbing target, said second form member supporting means includes second support means for supporting said second end of said energy absorbing target, and said energy absorbing target supports said first and second form members at said first and second openings; wherein said tensioning means includes a beam having a first end portion thereof attached to a first area of said first form member and a second end portion thereof extending to adjacent a second area of said second form member and wherein said tensioning means acts between said beam and said second area of said second form member; and further including: rotational mounting means for mounting said solar reflector for rotation about said axis; and a support having a first portion and a second portion having a hole therethrough, said first portion being attached to said beam and said hole surrounding said target, said support being positioned intermediate said end portions of said beam and intermediate said ends of said target, said target being rotatable within said hole. 2. A solar reflector as set forth in claim 1, wherein said rotational mounting means is located at said first and second openings. 3. A solar reflector as set forth in claim 1, wherein said rotational mounting means is located at said first and second support means. 4. A solar reflector as set forth in claim 1, wherein said rotational mounting means is located at a selected one of said first opening in said first support means and in a selected other of said second opening and said second support means. 5. A solar reflector as set forth in claim 1, wherein said target is axially fixably mounted to said first form member at said first opening and is axially movably mounted to said second form member at said second opening and wherein said tensioning means acts between said target and said second form member. 6. A solar reflector as set forth in claim 5, wherein said tensioning means includes a compression spring. 7. A solar reflector as set forth in claim 1, wherein said first and second areas are substantially at positions of said first and second form members whereat the net moments due to the force exterted on each of said form surfaces by said sheet are of substantially zero magnitude. 8. A solar reflector as set forth in claim 7, wherein said target is axially fixedly mounted to said first form member at said first opening and is axially movably mounted to said second form member at said second opening. 9. A solar reflector as set forth in claim 8, wherein said tensioning means includes a compression spring. 10. A solar reflector as set forth in claim 1, further including: a support rib having an attachment surface shaped substantially identical to said reflective surface, said rib being attached to said sheet at said attachment surface intermediate said first and second form members. 11. In a solar reflector having a first form member, a second form member, said first and second form members having peripheries having identical form surfaces along portions thereof, a generally rectangular flexible sheet having a reflective surface, opposite edges and lateral edges, securing means for securing the opposite edges to the identical form surfaces with the reflective surface being infacing, the reflective surface having a shape defined by the identical form surfaces, the shape being such that light striking the reflective surface is redirected generally on to an axis extending generally parallel to the sheet from the first form member to the second form member, an energy absorbing target extending along said axis, means for supporting said first form member, means for supporting said second form member, and tensioning means for tensioning said sheet between said first and second form members, an improvement comprising: wherein said tensioning means acts between said first and second form members, said first form member has a first opening therethrough, said second form member has a second opening therethrough, said energy absorbing target has a first end extending through said first opening and a second end extending through said second opening, said first form member supporting means includes first support means for supporting said first end of said energy absorbing target, said second form member supporting means includes second support means for supporting said second end of said energy absorbing target, and said energy absorbing target supports said first and second form members at said first and second openings; and further including: rotational mounting means for mounting said solar reflector for rotation about said axis; wherein said tensioning means includes a beam having a first end portion thereof attached to a first area of said first form member and a second end portion thereof extending to adjacent a second area of said second form member and wherein said tensioning means acts between said beam and said second area of said second form member; and further including: a collar attached about said second end portion of said beam; a finger attached to said collar, said finger extending parallel to said beam closely adjacent said second form member a spaced distance from said second area; and means for laterally aligning said finger relative to said second form member. 