As assembly for the merchandising of products utilizing a solar cell mounted directly onto an incandescent or fluorescent light bulb so that the cell receives the light directly from the light bulb. A d.c. motor is electrically connected to the solar cell, the motor shaft extending downwardly. A substantially planar sign member having word indicia formed thereon may be operatively interconnected to the motor shaft so that it rotates in response to motor shaft rotation. A plurality of flexible clips may be provided for mounting the solar cell directly to the light bulb, or globe for the light bulb. Alternatively, a fan blade may be mounted to the motor shaft.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An assembly including a d.c. motor having a shaft; and a solar cell module, said module including: a base; a solar cell disposed on said base; and means for stationarily mounting said base directly onto a light bulb so that said cell receives light directly from the light bulb, and said mounting means extends from one side of said base; and means for electrically interconnecting said d.c. motor to said solar cell. 2. An assembly as recited in claim 1 further comprising a fan blade operatively mounted to said d.c. motor shaft. 3. An assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said means for mounting said base directly on a light bulb comprises a plurality of flexible clips attached to spaced portions of said base and dimensioned to receive at least one fluorescent bulb therebetween. 4. An assembly as recited in claim 3 wherein said solar cell is substantially quadrate in plan. 5. An assembly as recited in claim 4 wherein said clips are transparent. 6. An assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said means for mounting said base directly on a light bulb comprising a plurality of flexible clips attached to spaced portions of said base and dimensioned to receive a spherical portion of an incandescent light bulb therebetween. 7. An assembly as recited in claim 6 wherein said clips are transparent. 8. An assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said d.c. motor has a large number of commutating positions for easy startup, and wherein said motor is designed to rotate said shaft at about 100-300 rpm. 9. An assembly as recited in claim 8 wherein said d.c. motor includes an armature and front motor bushing, and a Teflon washer disposed between the motor armature and front motor bushing, said shaft passing through said washer and bushing. 10. An assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said d.c. motor includes an armature and front motor bushing, and a Teflon washer disposed between the motor armature and front motor bushing, said shaft passing through said washer and bushing. 11. An assembly as recited in claim 1 further comprising a sign member and a slip swivel connector connecting said shaft to said sign member. 12. An assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said means for mounting said solar cell directly on a light bulb comprises a plurality of flexible clips operatively attached to spaced portions of said solar cell and dimensioned to receive at least one fluorescent bulb therebetween. 13. An assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said solar cell includes a light pickup lens disposed thereon between it and said light bulb. 14. An assembly including: a d.c. motor having a shaft; a solar cell module, said module including: a base; a solar cell disposed on said base; and means for stationarily mounting said base directly onto a light bulb so that said cell receives light directly from the light bulb and said mounting means extends from one side of said base; means for electrically interconnecting said d.c. motor to said solar cell; a sign member having indicia thereon; and means for operatively interconnecting said sign member to said motor shaft to rotate in response to motor shaft rotation. 15. An assembly as recited in claim 14 wherein said sign member comprises a planar sign member having word indicia thereon. 16. An assembly as recited in claim 15 wherein said means for operatively interconnecting said sign member to said motor shaft includes a slip swivel connector. 17. An assembly as recited in claim 14 wherein said means for mounting said base directly on a light bulb comprises a plurality of flexible clips attached to spaced portions of said base and dimensioned to receive at least one fluorescent bulb therebetween. 18. An assembly as recited in claim 17 wherein said clips are transparent. 19. An assembly as recited in claim 14 wherein said means for mounting said base directly on a light bulb comprises a plurality of flexible clips attached to spaced portions of said base and dimensioned to receive a spherical portion of an incandescent light bulb therebetween. 20. An assembly as recited in claim 14 wherein said d.c. motor has a large number of commutating positions for easy startup, and wherein said motor is designed to rotate said shaft at about 100-300 rpm. 