A solar collector water heater is provided in kit form suitable for installation by homeowner using a minimum of ordinary tools. The kit includes a rectangular insulation board serving as a baseboard, and a solar absorber plate mountable on the insulation board and including a heat exchanger with couplings for connection to a tank. A thermosiphon water tank is provided together with couplings for connecting to the heat exchanger. A main frame is assembled of a rear rail, a pair of side rails, and a front rail, all of extruded aluminum, using corner keys for adjoining adjacent ones of these rails at their ends. The rails include a generally cylindrical bead along their lengths. A front glazing panel and a pair of side glazing panels are provided with frames designed so that the side glazing panels are snap-fit mounted onto the side rails of the frame, and the front glazing panel is snap fit onto the front rail of the frame and onto the top rails of the side glazing panels. The frame members for the side glazing panels are extruded aluminum, with a generally cylindrical bead and a mating arcuate channel which snap fit with each other. The channels of the side panel rail members fit the beads of the main frame rails.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of installing a solar collector water heater comprising the steps of: assembling a main frame over a base board by sliding corner keys into ends of a pair of side rails and a pair of end rails, said base board having mounted thereon a solar absorber plate including a heat exchanger at one end of the absorber plate with couplings for connection to a tank; installing a water tank onto said frame, said tank having a make-up water inlet, a heated-water outlet, a tank-to-heat-exchanger coupling and a heat-exchanger-to-tank coupling; connecting said make-up water inlet to a source of water, said heated water outlet to an inlet of a hot water system, and said tank-to-heat-exchanger coupling and said heat-exchanger-to-tank coupling to the associated couplings of said heat exchanger; assembling onto said main frame at least one glazing panel formed of a panel frame and a sheet of transparent material stretched onto said panel frame, the latter including rail members secured to one another, at least some of the rail members having integral snap-fit structure thereon cooperating with mating structure formed integrally on at least some of the rails of the main frame, said assembling including sliding at least one rail member of said panel frame onto a corresponding rail of the main frame so that the snap-fit and mating structures interengage one another to hold said glazing panel securely in place over said absorber plate. 2. A method of installing a solar collector water heater comprising the steps of: assembling a main frame over a base board by sliding corner keys into ends of a pair of end rails and a pair of side rails, and said base board having mounted thereon a solar absorber plate including a heat exchanger at one end of the absorber plate with couplings for connection to a tank; installing a water tank onto said frame, said tank having a make-up water inlet, a heated water outlet, a tank-to-heat-exchanger coupling, and a heat-exchanger-to-tank coupling; connecting said make-up water inlet to a source of water, said heated water outlet to an inlet of a hot water system, and said tank-to-heat-exchanger coupling and said heat-exchanger-to-tank coupling to the associated couplings of said heat exchanger; mounting on each of said side rails a triangular side glazing panel including an upper rail member and a sheet of transparent material extending to the upper rail member from the corresponding side rail of the main frame; assembling onto said main frame and said side panels a glazing panel formed of a panel frame and a sheet of transparent material stretched over said panel frame, the latter side rail members and end rail members secured to one another to form a quadrilateral, with said side rail members having integral snap-fit structure thereon cooperating with mating structure integrally formed on the upper rail members of said side glazing panels, said assembling the glazing panel onto the main frame and side panels including sliding the side rail members onto the upper rail members of said side glazing panels so that the snap-fit and mating structures interengage one another to hold said glazing panel securely in place over said absorber plate. 3. A method of installing a solar collector water heater as in claim 2, further comprising fitting a shroud over said tank. 4. A method of installing a solar collector water heater as in claim 3, wherein said step of fitting the shroud includes installing a tank board between rear ends of the side glazing panels and said tank, and affixing said tank shroud to said tank board. 5. A solar collector water heater assembly comprising a rectangular insulation board serving as a base; a solar absorber plate mounted on said insulation board and including a heat exchanger with couplings for connection to a tank; a water tank having main water inlet and outlet means and means connected to the couplings of the heat exchanger; a main frame assembled onto the insulation board about the solar absorber plate including a front rail, a rear rail, side rails and cornerkeys joining adjacent ones of the rails at their ends to form corners of the frame; a tank bed attached within the frame and mounting said tank; and at least one glazing panel formed of a panel frame and a sheet of transparent material stretched onto the panel frame, the latter including rail members secured to one another with at least some of said rail members having integral snap fit means thereon cooperating with associated mating means of the rails of said main frame so that the glazing panel is snap fit onto the main frame and held securely in place by the interengagement of the snap fit means and the mating means. 6. A solar collector water heater assembly as in claim 5, wherein said main rails and said rail members are extruded aluminum. 7. A solar collector water heater assembly as in claim 6, wherein the mating means of the main frame rails include a generally circular cross section bead on an upper side of the rails, and said snap fit means include a channel of arcuate cross section snugly fitting over said bead. 8. A solar collector water heater assembly as in claim 7, wherein said rail members have a cavity formed therein with an arcuate surface generally coaxial with the arcuate cross section channel and providing spring action for said snap fit means. 9. A solar collector water heater assembly as in claim 7, wherein said beads and said grooves have interengaging fluting extending therealong at lateral portions of said beads and channels, for securely engaging one another when snap fit together. 10. A solar collector water heater assembly comprising a rectangular insulation board serving as a base; a solar absorber plate mounted on said insulation board and including a heat exchanger with couplings for connection to a tank; a water tank having main water inlet and outlet means and means connected to the couplings of the heat exchanger; a main frame assembled onto the insulation board about the solar absorber plate including a front rail, a rear rail, side rails and cornerkeys joining adjacent ones of the rails at their ends to form corners of the frame; a tank bed attached within the frame and mounting said tank; and at least one glazing panel formed of a panel frame and a sheet of transparent material stretched onto the panel frame, the latter including rail members secured to one another with at least some of said rail members having integral snap fit means thereon cooperating with assoicated mating means of the rails of said main frame so that the glazing panel is snap fit onto the main frame and held securely in place by the interengagement of the snap fit means and the mating means; said main rails and said rail members are extruded aluminum; the mating means of the main frame rails include a generally circular cross section bead on an upper side of the rails, and said snap fit means include a channel of arcuate cross section snugly fitting over said bead; said rail members have a cavity formed therein with an arcuate surface generally coaxial with the arcuate cross section channel and providing spring action for said snap fit means; said beads and said grooves have interengaging fluting extending therealong at lateral portions of said beads and channels, for securely engaging one another when snap fit together; further comprising at least one triangular side panel including a frame and a sheet of transparent material stretched over the side-panel frame, the latter including upper and lower rail members, each being formed with a bead of generally circular cross section for engaging the arcuate cross section channel of the glazing panel frame rail members and a channel of generally arcuate cross section for engaging the bead of the main frame rails. 11. A solar collector water heater assembly as in claim 10, wherein said side panel rail members are each formed of extruded aluminum and have a cavity formed therein with an arcuate surface generally coaxial with the arcuate cross section channel thereof. 12. A housing assembly for a solar collector water heater assembly of the type comprising a tank and a solar absorber plate, the housing assembly comprising a generally rectangular baseboard; a main frame assemblable onto said baseboard with said solar absorber plate mounted thereon including a front rail, a rear rail, side rails, and corner keys for joining adjacent ones of said rails at their ends to form corners of the frame, tank bed means attachable on said frame for mounting the tank; and at least one glazing panel for covering said solar absorber plate and formed of a frame and a sheet of transparent material stretched onto said frame, the frame including rail members secured to one another, at least some of the rail members having integral snap fit means thereon cooperating with associated mating means of the rails of the main frame so that the glazing panel frame can be snap fit onto the main frame over the absorber plate. 13. A housing assembly for a solar collector water heater assembly as in claim 12, wherein said main rails and said rail members are extruded aluminum. 14. A housing assembly for a solar collector water heater assembly as in claim 13, wherein the mating means of the main frame rails include a generally circular cross section bead on an upper side of the respective rail, and said snap fit means include a channel of arcuate cross section snugly fitting over said bead. 15. A housing assembly for a solar collector water heater assembly as in claim 14, wherein said rail members have a cavity formed therein with an arcuate surface generally coaxial with the arcuate channel, thus providing spring action for the snap fit means. 16. A housing assembly for a solar collector water heater assembly as in claim 15, wherein said beads and said channels have corresponding fluting extending therealong at lateral portions of said beads and channels for securely engaging one another when snap fit together. 17. A kit for construction of a solar collector water heater suitable for installation by a homeowner, comprising a rectangular insulation board serving as a base; a solar absorber plate mountable on said insulation board and including a heat exchanger with couplings for connection to a tank; a water tank having main water inlet and outlet means and means for connecting to the couplings of the heat exchanger; a main frame assemblable onto said insulation board with said solar absorber plate mounted thereon including a front rail, a rear rail, side rails, and corner keys for joining adjacent ones of said rails at their ends to form corners of the frame; a tank bed attachable onto said frame for mounting said tank; at least one glazing panel formed of a frame and a sheet of transparent material stretched onto said frame, the frame including rail members secured to one another, at least some of the rail members having integral snap fit means thereon cooperating with associated mating means of the rails of said main frame so that the glazing panel frame can be snap fit onto the main frame over said absorber plate; and at least one triangular side panel including a frame, and a sheet of transparent material stretched over the side panel frame, the latter including upper and lower rail members, having integral snap fit means thereon cooperating with associated mating means of the rails of said main frame and said glazing panel. 18. A kit for construction of a solar collector water heater as in claim 17, wherein said main rails and said rail members are extruded aluminum. 19. A kit for construction of a solar collector water heater as in claim 18, wherein the mating means of the main frame rails include a generally circular cross section bead on an upper side of the respective rail, and said snap fit means include a channel of arcuate cross section snugly fitting over said bead. 20. A kit for construction of a solar collector water heater as in claim 19, wherein said rail members have a cavity formed therein with an arcuate surface generally coaxial with the arcuate channel, thus providing spring action for the snap fit means. 21. A kit for construction of a solar collector water heater as in claim 19, wherein said beads and said channels have corresponding fluting extending therealong at lateral portions of said beads and channels for securely engaging one another when snap fit together. 