A fishing reel having a drive motor, gearing, stationary spool for the fishing line and a flanged winding cup provided with a guide for a pickup pin extendable through the flange, together with a cam for causing the guide and pickup pin to be extended, includes a spring which moves the winding cup toward the cam and produces sufficient force to maintain the guide on the cam against a surge of a fish when the pickup pin is extended to use the gearing and unactuated drive motor as a brake. An optical fiber, terminating adjacent the winding cup flange, transmits an impression of the line moving in front of its end around the winding flange during casting or the pickup pin similarly moving, to a translation device which converts the number of rotations into feet, meters, or the like. Such movement is correlated with the amount of line moved onto or off the spool to compensate for differing diameters of a line loop so wound or unwound. A series of solar cells are mounted on the top of the reel housing or form a portion thereof for producing current to charge the batteries, through a diode which permits flow of current one way only. A variable resistance switch for starting the motor not only regulates the speed and power of the motor for playing a fish but also facilitates causing the motor to turn very slightly in order to cause the pickup guide to climb the cam when, after casting, the resistance of the unactuated motor and gearing to movement of the line is to be utilized for braking purposes.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A fishing reel comprising: a housing enclosing a motor; a spool on which a fishing line may be wound or unwound for movement through an aperture in said housing; a winding cup carrying means for engaging said line for winding onto said spool; means driven by said motor for rotating said winding cup; battery means including at least one battery for supplying current to said motor; a plurality of solar cells of different production capacities for producing electrical current upon exposure to sunlight; means for mounting said cells in an exterior position on the top and sides of said reel; and means connecting said cells with said batteries for charging said batteries. 2. A fishing reel as defined in claim 1, including: a diode for limiting the voltage of the current supplied to said batteries from said cell means; and the voltage capacity of said cell means at least equaling the normal voltage output of said batteries. 3. A fishing reel as defined in claim 2, including: a resistor connected in series between said diode and said battery means. 4. A fishing reel as defined in claim 1 including: means connecting said solar cells of different production capacities in series. 5. A fishing reel as defined in claim 1, wherein: said reel includes a computer mounted centrally on the top of said reel; a pair of solar cells of greater production capacity at each side of said computer and extending downwardly; and a series of solar cells of lesser production capacity mounted in angular relation forwardly of said computer and extending downwardly along each side of said reel. 6. A fishing reel comprising: a spool on which a line may be wound and from which said line may be unwound; a line winding cup having an annular flange extending toward and around one end of said spool; means for rotating said cup about essentially the same axis as said spool; means for moving said cup toward and away from said spool; pickup means mounted on said cup and having a portion alternatively extending outwardly through said flange but engageable with a line passing around said flange to or from said spool; means for extending said pickup means outwardly beyond said flange when said cup closely approaches said spool; means providing illumination for said pin in extended position and said line as it passes off said spool; optic fiber means in operative position with respect to said illumination means and having an end adjacent said spool in a position opposite said cup and adapted to receive an image of said pin in extended position as it rotates around said spool and also to receive an image of the line moving in front of said optic fiber means when said line is moving off said spool, as during casting; and means for receiving said optical indications of the presence of said pickup means and/or said line. 7. A fishing reel as defined in claim 6, including: a housing enclosing said spool and said winding cup; and a transparent window in said housing adjacent the portion of said cup directly opposite the end of said optic fiber means. 8. A fishing reel as defined in claim 6, including: means for displaying the length of line unwound from or wound onto said spool, as a multiple of the number of turns of said rotating line-engaging means while extending from said flange of said cup or said line as it passes around said winding flange in moving off said spool. 9. A fishing reel as defined in claim 7, wherein: said spool is mounted on a bushing extending from a transverse rib within said housing; said winding cup is mounted on a shaft which is rotatable within said bushing; reduction gearing for driving said shaft is mounted between said rib and a plate which extends transversely within said housing; a motor driving said reduction gearing is mounted on the opposite side of said plate from said reduction gearing; and said optic fiber extends through said rib and said plate at a position radially outwardly of a rearward extension of said flange. 10. A fishing reel as defined in claim 6, wherein: said means for receiving said optical indications is adapted to produce a readout signal showing the amount of line unwound from or wound on said reel; and means for displaying said readout of said amount of line. 