To a sheet of oriented polyethylene terephthalate a layer of nickel chrome alloy with an optical density of approximately 60% is applied by conventional vacuum deposition. To this sheet a subsequent stripe layer of stainless steel at 35% is applied by vacuum deposition down the center portion of the web which yields a combined optical density of approximately 21% over the center area. This first sheet is then laminated with a suitable optically clear adhesive to a second sheet of oriented polyethylene terephthalate incorporating a center portion which includes a nickel chrome stripe with an optical density of approximately 35% applied by conventional vacuum deposition. The resulting composite exhibits a vignette pattern of dark (optical density 7 to 12%) to light optical density 50 to 70% (from center to edge). A suitable optically clear mounting adhesive is then applied. When desired, the finished laminate contains a layer of clear PET which has been coated with a hard coat, i.e., a scratch resistant coat of any of the types already known to the art. If desired, one or more of the PET layers and/or laminating adhesive layers may include dye impregnation or layers of applied dye.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A flexible, solar control, composite sheet for use on the inside surface of a motor vehicle window comprising: a first optically clear polymeric stratum having a layer of an alloy of nickel and chromium applied by conventional vacuum deposition to one of its surfaces and having a stripe of stainless steel applied by conventional vaccum deposition over said nickel chromium layer at one edge of said first polymeric stratum, said nickel chromium alloy layer having a density great enough to reduce the visible light transmission value to about 50-70% and said stainless steel stripe having a density great enough to give a combined visible light transmission with said nickel chromium layer of about 21%; a second optically clear polymeric stratum having a stripe of an alloy of nickel and chromium applied by conventional vacuum deposition along one side to one edge of said second stratum and having a density great enough to reduce the visible light transmission value through the striped portion to about 35%; said first polymeric stratum being bonded to said second polymeric stratum with the said stripe of stainless steel and the said stripe of nickel chromium alloy next to and facing each other, the light transmission value of said stainless steel nickel chromium stripe with said nickel chromium layer being about 7 to 12%, said bonding comprising an optically clear adhesive; and an optically clear adhesive layer for mounting said composite sheet with said second polymeric stratum to the inside surface of a motor vehicle window. 2. The composite sheet of claim 1 wherein the bonding of said first and second polymer strata comprises an optically clear laminating adhesive. 3. The composite sheet of claim 1 wherein said alloy of nickel chromium comprises 85:15 nickel:chromium. 4. The composite sheet of claim 1 wherein said first and said second polymeric strata comprise polyethylene terephthalate. 5. The composite sheet of claim 4 including a third optically clear polyethylene terephthalate layer bonded with an optically clear adhesive to the exposed side of said first polymeric stratum and a scratch resistant hardcoat applied to said third layer. 6. The composite sheet of claim 5 wherein a removable liner is applied to said mounting adhesive. 7. The composite sheet of claim 1 wherein at least one of said first and second polymer strata and said laminating adhesive includes an ultra violet radiation absorber. 8. The composite sheet according to claim 2 wherein at least one of said first and second polymer layers and said laminating adhesive is dye impregnated. 9. The composite sheet according to claim 1 wherein said nickel chromium alloy layer has a density great enough to reduce the visible light transmission value to about 60%. 10. The composite sheet according to claim 1 wherein said stripe of stainless steel and said stripe of nickel chromium alloy are in a vignette pattern. 