A solar panel module for directly mounting to a roof surface comprises a plurality of solar panels and a low profile, elongated frame including a generally flat, rectangular base having a plurality of substantially planar surfaces for supporting the under surfaces of the solar panels. The panels are removably sealed to the frames at the under surfaces thereof, rendering the upper surfaces fully free and unencumbered for receipt of incident solar radiation. The frame includes, integrally therewith, upstanding walls adjacent opposite edges of the panel supporting surfaces, defining raceway channels for concealed passage of electrical wires connected to the solar panels. The channels and walls have provision for overlapping interlocking with similarly fabricated frames for ease of installation, weather-proofing and high-density panel mounting.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar panel module for mounting to a surface of a roof or the like comprising: a solar panel having an upper surface for receiving incident solar radiation, an opposed under surface and conductive means electrically connected thereto; an elongate frame including a generally flat rectangular base having a support surface for supporting the under surface of said solar panel; means removably sealably securing said solar panel under surface to said frame support surface; raceway means on said frame for concealed passage of electrical wires electrically connected to said conductive means of said solar panel; means for interlocking said frames for forming an assembly of solar panel modules; means for attaching said frame to said roof surface, said raceway means being defined by first and second upstanding continuous walls extending longitudinally adjacent opposing laterally spaced edges of said solar panel, said first and second walls defining first and second channels, respectively for concealed receipt of electrical wires, said laterally spaced walls being differently configured so as to provide said means for interlocking said frames along their longitudinal extents, said first longitudinally extending wall of a module adapted to be relatively overlapped with said second differently configured longitudinally extending wall of another similar module, said interlocking means including means for interlocking a frame to another frame along their lateral extents, said lateral extent interlocking means defined by different configurations of the first and second walls at the spaced longitudinal ends of said frame, whereby the first and second walls at one longitudinal end of a module are insertable into the respective channels defined by said first and second walls at the other end of another similar module. 2. A solar panel module according to claim 1, wherein said frame support surface is substantially planar and extends in contact with the under surface of said solar panels interiorly of panel edges. 3. A solar panel according to claim 1, wherein said base includes at least one groove formed therein for containing an adhesive sealant therein by which said solar panel is removably sealed to said frame. 4. A solar panel according to claim 3, wherein said base includes a groove peripherally bounding said frame support surface, a pair of spaced grooves extending respectively longitudinally adjacent the first and second walls and at least two longitudinal spaced grooves extending laterally across said base between said pair of grooves and in communication therewith, an adhesive sealant in such grooves sealably securing the peripheral edges of said under surface of said solar panel to said frame whereby said panel upper surface is fully free for receipt of incident radiation. 5. A solar panel according to claim 1, wherein said frame comprises an insulative material and wherein said raceway means and said interlocking means are integral therewith. 6. A solar panel according to claim 1, wherein said conductive means includes at least two wires defining positive and electrical terminals, said wires extending concealably in said raceway means and having connector means for connection thereto. 7. A solar panel according to claim 1, wherein said attaching means includes, on at least one of said longitudinal edges, a substantially flat flange for mounting said frame to said roof surface, said flange further defining flashing for roof shingles overlapped thereover. 8. A solar panel module for mounting to a surface of a roof or the like comprising: a solar panel having an upper surface for receiving incident solar radiation, an opposed under surface and conductive means electrically connected thereto; an elongate frame including a generally flat rectangular base having a support surface for supporting the under surface of said solar panel; raceway means on said frame for concealed passage of electrical wires electrically connected to said conductive means of said solar panel, said raceway means being defined by first and second upstanding continuous walls extending longitudinally adjacent opposing laterally spaced edges of said solar panel, said first and second walls defining first and second channels, respectively, for concealed receipt of electrical wires; means for interlocking said frames for forming an assembly of solar panel modules; and means for attaching said frame to said roof surface, said base including a groove peripherally bounding said frame support surface, a pair of spaced grooves extending respectively longitudinally adjacent the first and second walls and at least two longitudinal spaced grooves extending laterally across said base between said pair of grooves and in communication therewith, an adhesive sealant in such grooves removably sealably securing the peripheral edges of said under surface of said solar panel to said frame whereby said panel upper surface is fully free for receipt of incident radiation. 