This invention is an improved solar collector which combines a magnifying lense with separate reflectors to obtain maximum solar energy collection. The collector also tracks celestial movement so as to constantly maintain maximum solar exposure.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An improved solar heat collecting system comprising: a collecting means having upper and lower end caps; means for supporting said collecting means in a position generally perpendicular to ambit solar radiations and to permit periodic adjustment thereof; said support means including a base, a first support bar pivotally secured to said base and extending generally parallel to the ground, a first support member extending perpendicular from said first support bar to said lower end cap, a second support bar pivotally secured to said base and extending generally parallel to said first support bar, a support leg having a lower portion that extends perpendicularly from said second support bar, an intermediate leg portion slidingly mounted on said lower leg portion and an upper leg portion pivotally secured to said intermediate leg portion, and a second support member extending perpendicularly from said upper leg portion to said upper end cap; lens means disposed above said collecting means for concentrating solar radiation on said collecting means; a pair of reflector means mounted below and on opposite sides of the radiation shadow of said lens means for concentrating solar radiation on said collecting means; mounting means for mounting said lens means and said reflector means, said mounting means including first and second bracket means rotatively mounted respectively to said first and second support members, a pair of radially extending U-shaped reflector mounts having opposite ends secured to respective bracket means, and a pair of radially extending lens supports secured to respective bracket means; and means for rotating said mounting means and associated lens mean and reflector means to track the source of solar radiation whereby an improved, highly efficient solar heat collecting system is provided. 2. The solar system of claim 1 wherein at least one heat retaining means is provided about said collecting means. 3. The solar system of claim 1 wherein at least two heat retaining means are provided about said collecting means. 4. The solar system of claim 1 wherein a heat absorbing tube forms at least a part of said collecting means. 5. The solar system of claim 1 wherein said reflectors are of the concave mirror type. 6. The solar system of claim 1 including a storage tank communicatively connected to and disposed above said collecting means whereby passive heat transfer from said collecting means to said tank can be accomplished. 7. The solar system of claim 1 wherein said means for rotating said lens means and reflector means to track the source of solar radiation is an electrically operated motor. 8. The solar system of claim 1 wherein said motor is of the step type. 