An apparatus for plant cuture is disclosed which allows plants to be effectively grown even in basements and other places where solar radiation is unavailable, utilizing combined illumination by solar rays and artificial rays. Light source assemblies emitting the mixed rays are mounted on a housing in which plants grow and are movable therealong to periodically illuminate the plants, thereby promoting efficient photosynthesis. The light source assemblies may even be shared by a plurality of such housings which are arranged side by side or one upon the other.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for plant culture, comprising: a solar ray collector for collecting solar rays to introduce the solar rays into one end of light conducting members; at least one housing for accommodating plants, said housing having an air-tightly sealed structure, supply means for supplying said housing with air at suitable temperature and humidity which contains a high concentration of carbon dioxide; and light source assemblies mounted on an exterior side wall of said housing and each comprising an integral assembly at the other end of the light conducting members for emitting solar radiation and an artificial light source, said light source assemblies being movable on and along said exterior side wall of the housing to supply light sequentially to the plants in the housing. 2. An apparatus as claimed in claim 1, in which light issuing from the light source assemblies is visible light. 3. An apparatus as claimed in claim 1, in which inner surfaces of the housing are mirror-finished. 4. An apparatus as claimed in claim 1, in which the housing comprises a transverse housing and has a substantially hexagonal cross-section one side of which defines a bottom of the housing. 5. An apparatus as claimed in claim 4, in which the light source assemblies are movable respectively along two upper facing sides of the housing. 6. An apparatus as claimed in claim 1, in which the housing comprises an upright housing and has a substantially hexagonal cross-section, one end of the housing defining a bottom. 7. An apparatus as claimed in claim 1, in which each of the light source assemblies further comprises screen members which are positioned respectively at the front and the rear of the light source assembly with respect to an intended direction of movement of the light source assembly, said screen members being movable together with the light source assembly. 8. An apparatus as claimed in claim 2, in which inner surfaces of the screen members are reflective of light. 9. An apparatus as claimed in claim 1, comprising a plurality of said housings each for cultivating plants thereinside and each of which is air-tightly sealed and individually selectively supplied with oxygen and air at suitable temperature and humidity which contains a high concentration of carbon dioxide by said supply means, said side wall of each of the housings having transparent portions, each of the light source assemblies moving over the plurality of housings along said transparent side wall portions. 10. An apparatus as claimed in claim 9, in which the air-tightly sealed housings are serially connected to each other coaxially and horizontally. 11. An apparatus as claimed in claim 9, in which the air-tightly sealed housings are serially connected with each other coaxially and vertically. 12. An apparatus as claimed in claim 9 in which said supply means supplies each of the air-tightly sealed housings with the carbon dioxide containing air when illuminated by the light source assemblies, and further comprising oxygen-supplying means for supplying oxygen to each of the air-tightly sealed housings when non-illuminated by the light source assemblies. 13. An apparatus as claimed in claim 9, further comprising a plurality of light radiating members which are arranged inside each of the air-tightly sealed housings such that, while light from the light source assemblies are supplied to any of the air-tightly sealed housings, the light from the light source assemblies are introduced into said light radiating members. 14. An apparatus as claimed in claim 9, in which the housing is positioned horizontally, the light source assemblies being movable on and along said upper wall of the housing. 15. An apparatus as claimed in claim 14, in which two parallel culture beds are laid on a bottom of the housing, the light source assemblies being movable respectively along paths which extend on said upper wall of the housing in such a manner as to face said parallel culture beds. 16. An apparatus as claimed in claim 14, in which said housing has opposite side wall portions which are inclined and are reflective of light at inner surfaces thereof. 17. An apparatus as claimed in claim 14, in which said upper wall of the housing being transparent in portions thereof which are respectively associated with said paths of movement of the light source assemblies. 18. An apparatus as claimed in claim 14, in which light radiating members are disposed in the housing in alignment with the paths of movement of the light source assemblies. 19. An apparatus as claimed in claim 18, comprising a plurality of said air-tightly sealed housings, said upper wall having transparent portions, the light source assemblies moving over said housings on and along said transparent portions of said upper wall of each of said housings. 20. An apparatus as claimed in claim 19, in which two parallel culture beds are laid on a bottom of each of said housings, said light source assemblies moving over said housings along predetermined paths of movement which extend on the upper wall of each of the housings in such a manner as to face the culture beds. 21. An apparatus as claimed in claim 19, in which said supply means supplies each of the housings with carbon dioxide containing air at suitable temperature and humidity when illuminated by the light source assemblies, and further comprising oxygen-supplying means for supplying oxygen to each of the housings when non-illuminated by the light source assemblies. 22. An apparatus for plant culture, comprising: a solar ray collector for collecting solar rays to introduce the solar rays into one end of light conducting members; at least one housing for accommodating plants, said housing having an air-tightly sealed structure, supply means for supplying said housing with air at suitable temperature and humidity which contains a high concentration of carbon dioxide; and light source assemblies mounted on an exterior upper wall of said housing and each comprising an integral assembly at the other end of the light conducting members for emitting solar radiation and an artificial light source, said light source assemblies being movable on and along said exterior upper wall of the housing to supply light sequentially to the plants in the housing. 23. An apparatus as claimed in claim 9 further comprising a plurality of light radiating members arranged in each of said air-tightly sealed housings, light transmitting members disposed externally of said housing, said solar ray collector introducing solar rays into one end of said light transmitting members, the other ends of said light transmitting members facing said light radiating members such that solar rays are transmitted to said light radiating members for radiation within said housing to enhance plant growth. 24. An apparatus as claimed in claim 9, wherein said other ends of said light transmitting members form part of an end portion of said light transmitting members, and means for mounting said end portions between two of said housings and movable between a first and a second position such that in said first position, said other ends face the photoradiators in one of said two spaced housings and in said second position, said other ends face the photoradiators in the other of said two spaced housings, whereby the solar rays are selectively directed into either one of said two spaced housings. 