A solar heat regulating device selectively heats, with sunlight, the air in a building having a window therein and alternately shields and insulates the air in the building from the heat of sunlight. A frame is provided for mounting the solar heat regulating device inside the structure adjacent to the window. A plurality of hollow vanes each of which have a passageway therethrough. Each of the vanes has a heat absorptive surface on one side which allows solar radiation impinging thereon to heat the air in the passageways of the vanes. The vanes also have a heat reflective surface on another side. The heat reflective surface reflects the solar radiation impinging thereon and insulates the air inside the building from the heat of the sunlight. The vanes are rotatably mounted about vertical axes and spaced so that either the heat absorptive surfaces on the vanes or the heat reflective surfaces on the vanes may face the outside of the building. The device includes means for sealing the outside facing surfaces of the vanes from the inside of the building. Manifold means are also provided for conducting the cooler air from the inside of the building to the bottom of the passageways in the vanes and for conducting the heated air from the top of the passageways of the vanes to the inside of the building.
Claims Having described my invention, I claim: 1. A solar heat regulating device for selectively heating with sunlight the air inside a building having a window and shielding and insulating the air inside the building from the heat of sunlight outside the building including: a frame for mounting said solar heat regulating device inside the building and adjacent to the window, a plurality of hollow vanes, each of said vanes having at least one passageway for passing air therethrough, said vanes having a heat absorptive surface on a first side thereof which allows solar radiation impinging on said heat absorptive surface to heat the air contained in said one passageway of said vanes, said vanes having a heat reflective surface on a second side of said vanes which reflects the solar radiation impinging on said second side of said vanes and shields the inside of the building from solar radiation impinging on said vanes, said vanes having side portions extending between said first and second sides of said vanes, said side portions, and said first and second sides forming said one passageway through each of said vanes, said side portions and said first and second sides of said vanes terminating in top end and bottom end portions, means for rotatably mounting said plurality of vanes to said frame about substantially vertical axes to selectively position one of said first and said second sides of said vanes to face the outside of the building and adjacent to the inside of the window, a first manifold means for conducting cooler air from the inside of the building to the bottom of said passageways of said vanes, said first manifold means having a portion thereof positioned adjacent said bottom end portion of each of said vanes, a second manifold means for conducting heated air from the top of said passageways of said vanes to the inside of the building, said second manifold means having a portion thereof positioned adjacent said top end portion of each of said vanes, means for sealing said outside facing surface of said vanes from the inside of the building and providing a sealed space between said vanes and the window, said outside sealing means including at least one seal member extending along at least one of said side portions of each of said vanes from said top end portion to said bottom end portion, said outside sealing means including means for sealing said bottom end portion of said vanes to said first manifold means, said bottom end sealing means including at least one bottom seal member secured to one of said bottom end portions of said vanes and said first manifold means, said one bottom seal member extends substantially continuously along said bottom end portions of said vanes and said first manifold means when said vanes are positioned with one of said first and second sides thereof facing the outside of the building and, said outside sealing means including means for sealing said top end portion of said vanes to said second manifold means, said top end sealing means including at least one top seal member secured to one of said top end portions of said vanes and said second manifold means, said one top end seal member extends substantially continuously along said top end portions of said vanes and said second manifold means when said vanes are positioned with one of said first and second sides thereof facing the outside of the building. 2. A solar heat regulating device as defined in claim 1 wherein said first sides of said vanes are formed from a material having a high thermal conductivity, and said second sides of said vanes are formed from a composite material having a low thermal conductivity with an outer reflective surface. 3. A solar heat regulating device as defined in claim 1 wherein said rotatable mounting means includes means for rotating said plurality of vanes about substantially vertical axes between a first position in which one of said first and second sides of said vanes faces the outside of the building and a second position in which the other of said first and second sides of said vanes faces the outside of the building. 4. A solar heat regulating device as defined in claim 1 which includes means for moving at least a portion of said vanes in a substantially horizontal direction to allow for viewing through the window. 5. A solar heat regulating device as defined in claim 1 wherein at least one of said vanes includes insulation material adjacent to said heat reflective surface of said one vane. 6. A solar heat regulating device as defined in claim 1 wherein at least one of said vanes includes heat exchange fins positioned in said passageway of said vane, said fins thermally connected to said heat absorptive surface. 7. A solar heat regulating device as defined in claim 1 which includes means for moving air through said passageways of said vanes. 8. A solar heat regulating device as defined in claim 1 in which said frame includes means for adjusting said frame to allow said frame to be mounted in windows having various configurations. 9. A solar heat regulating device as defined in claim 1 which includes means for closing at least one of said first and said second manifold means from conducting air therethrough. 