A method is disclosed for docking a satellite to the STS or space shuttle orbiter with one Remote Manipulator System (RMS). The RMS is deployed and captures a fixture on the satellite. The satellite extends its mooring boom. The RMS manuevers the satellite to engage the free end of the boom onto a fixture on the orbiter. This method of docking is used in conjunction with exchanging a new payload module on the orbiter with a spent payload module on the satellite.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for docking a satellite to the space shuttle orbiter for remote servicing without retracting deployed elements such as the solar panels using the RMS comprising the steps of: maneuvering said orbiter and/or satellite so the RMS can reach said satellite, capturing the satellite with the RMS, deploying a boom from the satellite, and maneuvering the satellite with extended boom using the RMS so the free end of the boom engages a fixture on the orbiter to achieve docking with the satellite spaced by the boom a predetermined distance from the orbiter. 2. A method of exchanging payload modules on a multiple module satellite system comprising a control module and a detachable payload module using one RMS on the space shuttle orbiter comprising the steps of: maneuvering said orbiter containing a new payload module near the multiple module satellite, rotating the new payload module using said RMS so that the control module attachment faces away from the bay of said orbiter, capturing the multiple module satellite with said RMS, deploying a stiff boom with an end effector at the free end from the control module of the satellite, maneuvering said satellite with the RMS so the free end of the boom equipped with an end effector engages a fixture on the orbiter to achieve docking with the satellite spaced by the boom a predetermined distance from the orbiter, removing said payload module using said RMS from the control module and placing it in said orbiter bay, using said RMS moving said new payload module from said orbiter bay to said control module held off from the orbiter by said boom, attaching said control module on the new payload module, releasing and then retracting said boom, releasing said new payload module and said satellite, and rotating said old payload module into its position for return to earth in the orbiter cargo bay. 3. A spacecraft capable of exchanging its payload for another payload in space using the RMS in the space shuttle orbiter comprising: a payload module; a control module containing the satellite control and operating system, power bus and solar arrays, means for detachably coupling said payload module to the control module for servicing the payload module in orbit or returning it to earth, said payload module including trunnions on the sides thereof for mounting on latches in the cargo bay of the orbiter and fittings for capturing by the RMS; and a deployable boom coupled to and extending from said control module so that said control module is spaced by the boom a predetermined distance from the orbiter, said boom being relatively stiff and including a capturing means at the free end for capturing and holding to a fixture on said orbiter. 