A surface roughness measuring apparatus employing a molded Coblentz Sphere and a pair of matched photovoltaic sensors of wafer-thin rectangular configuration to allow the sensor used to detect specular reflection, to be used also as a reflector for directing a sample orienting beam to a screen and to avoid intrusion of the sensor used to detect scatter light into the sphere. The apparatus is contained in a console having an unobstructed top surface on which a sample may be placed. Also, a remote sample mounted sensing head may be attached to the console for use with large samples.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Apparatus for measuring roughness of a sample surface, said apparatus comprising: means defining an interior hemispheric reflecting surface opening at an equatorial plane and concentric with a polar axis perpendicular to said plane, said reflective surface having an aperture near the intersection of said reflecting surface and said polar axis; means for positioning the sample surface and said reflecting surface so that the sample surface lies near said equatorial plane; means for directing a beam of light through said aperture to the sample surface so that specular light reflected from the sample surface passes back through said aperture; a specular sensor positioned outside of said hemispheric reflecting surface for providing a signal corresponding to the intensity of specular light reflected from the sample surface; and a scatter sensor for providing a signal corresponding to the intensity of scatter light reflected from the sample surface and focused by said interior hemispheric reflecting surface at said equatorial plane, said scatter sensor comprising a wafer-thin light responsive cell having a light sensitive area approximating the area defined by scatter light focused by said hemispheric reflecting surface at said equatorial plane. 2. The apparatus recited in claim 1, wherein said scatter sensor comprises a photovoltaic cell having a sensitive service area of at least 100 square millimeters. 3. The apparatus recited in claim 2, wherein the radius of said hemispheric reflecting surface approximates 31/2 inches. 4. The apparatus recited in claim 1, wherein said specular sensor comprises a light responsive cell having the same physical and light responsive characteristics as said scatter sensor. 5. The apparatus recited in claim 1, wherein said specular sensor comprises a light responsive cell having a planar reflective surface on the light responsive area thereof. 6. The apparatus recited in claim 5, including a sample surface alignment screen to which specular light reflected from said planar reflective surface is directed. 7. The apparatus recited in claim 1, wherein said means for positioning the sample surface and said hemispheric reflecting surface comprises a generally horizontal wall, means for supporting said hemispheric reflecting surface under said horizontal wall, and means defining a sample port in said horizontal wall so that said beam of light passing through said aperture in said reflecting surface passes through said sample port to a sample supported on top of said horizontal wall. 8. The apparatus recited in claim 7, wherein the top surface of said horizontal wall lies substantially in said equatorial plane. 9. The apparatus recited in claim 7, wherein said scatter sensor is secured under said horizontal wall adjacent to said sample port. 10. The apparatus recited in claim 7, including a shutter mounted under said horizontal wall and displaceable between a first position removed from said sample port and a second position in blocking relation to said sample port, and means responsive to reception of light greater than a given value by said specular sensor for maintaining said shutter in said first position and responsive to reception of light less than said given value for displacing said shutter to its said second position to block light from passing through said port when the sample is removed. 11. The apparatus recited in claim 7 wherein said top wall includes a removable plate, said sample port is located in said plate, and said scatter sensor is mounted on the interior surface of said plate. 12. The apparatus recited in claim 1, wherein said means for positioning the sample surface and said hemispheric reflecting surface comprises a mounting base for supporting said hemispheric reflecting surface defining means, said base being mountable on the sample surface. 13. The apparatus recited in claim 12, wherein said mounting base is of a material having the characteristics of Teflon. 14. The apparatus recited in claim 12, wherein said mounting base includes air ports to support said base from the sample surface on a cushion of air. 15. Apparatus for measuring roughness of a sample surface, said apparatus comprising: a console having top and front walls, said top wall having a sample port therein; a hemispheric shell having a totally reflective internal surface and supported under said top wall and said sample port and so that the top surface of said top wall lies substantially in the equatorial plane of said hemispheric shell, said shell having an aperture therein displaced from the polar axis thereof; a laser and laser power supply mounted within said console for directing a probe beam of light through said aperture and said sample port; a specular sensor positioned within said console and outside of said hemispheric reflecting surface for providing a signal corresponding to the intensity of specular light reflected from the sample surface; a scatter sensor for providing a signal corresponding to the intensity of scatter light reflected from the sample surface and focused by said interior hemispheric reflecting surface at said equatorial plane, said scatter sensor being mounted adjacent said sample port under said top wall; and metering means for quantifying the respective strengths of said signals. 16. The apparatus recited in claim 15, comprising a sample alignment screen in a wall of said console and means including said specular sensor for directing specular light reflected from the sample surface as a beam of light to intersect said screen as a visible alignment spot. 17. The apparatus recited in claim 15, including computer means for controlling said laser power supply and for calculating surface roughness as a function of the respective strengths of said signals. 18. The apparatus recited in claim 15, including shutter means under said top wall for blocking said sample port in the absence of a sample covering said sample port. 19. The apparatus recited in claim 18, further comprising means including said specular sensor for operating said shutter. 20. The apparatus recited in claim 15, wherein said sample port is defined by an adapter plate removably secured in said top wall. 21. The apparatus recited in claim 20, including a remote sensing head having a separate hemispheric reflective surface, a separate specular sensor and a separate scatter sensor, and means including a substitute adapter plate for connecting said remote sensing head to said console. 22. The apparatus recited in claim 21, including fiber optical means for transmitting said probe beam of light from said console to said remote sensing head. 23. The apparatus recited in claim 22, including electrical means for transmitting signals from said separate sensors to said console and said meter. 