Directed energy conversion of semiconductors by the directed energy fusion of a selective region of a semiconductor layer to provide a conductive path through the layer. A conductive path is formed through a semiconductive layer through opposed electrodes by conversion of the semiconductive region, for example, by laser energy applied to change the structure in the region extending between the electrodes. The change in conductivity of the path is monitored and used to control the formation of the conductive path by controlling the directed energy source.
Claims We claim: 1. A semiconductor device comprising: a continuous semiconductive layer having opposed surfaces; means at one surface providing a first plurality of discrete electrodes; means at the opposite surface providing a second plurality of discrete electrodes which are non-reactive with the continuous semiconductive layer and positioned opposite the first plurality of electrodes; and a transparent converted region extending through said continuous semiconductive layer from at least one of said first plurality of electrodes to a corresponding opposite one of said second plurality of electrodes. 2. The device of claim 1 wherein the transparent converted region comprises channels in said layer extending from said one electrode of said first plurality to the opposite electrode of said second plurality. 3. The device of claim 1 wherein said continuous semiconductor layer comprises a thin film of controllably doped semiconductor. 4. The device of claim 3 wherein said semiconductor comprises hydrogenated silicon or germanium. 5. The device of claim 3 wherein one of said pluralities of electrodes is transparent to radiation. 6. The device of claim 5 wherein said one plurality of electrodes is transparent to light and said device is a photocell. 7. The device of claim 6 wherein said one plurality of electrodes is transparent to solar energy and said device is a solar cell. 8. A method of manufacturing a radiation sensitive semiconductor device comprising the steps of: (a) forming a first plurality of spaced-apart electrodes on a substrate; (b) forming a continuous semiconductive layer over said electrodes and the substrate; (c) forming a second plurality of spaced-apart electrodes on said continuous semiconductor layer, each electrode of said second plurality overlying an electrode of said second plurality and being non-reactive with said semiconductor layer to define a radiation sensitive region therebetween; and (d) providing a converted region extending through said semiconductive layer between at least one electrode of said first plurality and a corresponding electrode of said second plurality to provide an electrical connection therebetween, said electrical connection being provided by conductive fingers that extend through the material of said semiconductor layer and formed by adjusting the power of conversion of said region to achieve transparency in said semiconductive layer. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein the level of transparency is indicated by the existence of channels which extend through said semiconductor layer. 10. The method of claim 8 wherein the energy of conversion is directed through said substrate. 11. The method of producing a contact from a first electrode to a second electrode through a semiconductive layer which comprises the steps of: (a) forming the first electrode; (b) overlying the first electrode with said semiconductive layer; (c) overlying said semiconductive layer with the second electrode; (d) forming a converted region extending through the semiconductive layer thereby conductively joining the first electrode to the second electrode; and (e) monitoring the change in conductivity in the path between said first electrode and said second electrode to control the formation of the converted region extending between said first electrode and said second electrode. 12. The method of claim 11 wherein the converted region is formed by energy directed into the semiconductive region between the first electrode and the second electrode. 13. The method of claim 12 wherein the directed energy is achieved by laser. 14. The method of claim 12 wherein the directed energy is applied to change the structure of said region extending between the first electrode and the second electrode. 15. The method of claim 11 wherein said path is formed by directed energy and the change in conductivity of said path controls the directed energy source. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein the directed energy originates at a laser source and the conductivity of said path is monitored by the transparency thereof. 17. The method of claim 15 wherein the directed energy is in the near infra-red region. 18. The method of claim 15 wherein said directed energy is applied until a selected threshold of transparency is reached. 