The present invention includes a self-contained personal cooling device. It is a one-piece modular component which is pre-wired and interchangeable between different hats. The components of the modular unit are employed in the unit to effect total body cooling by evaporation and forced convection. The unit is powered by photo-voltaic energy. The cooling effect of this modular device is maximized by incorporating air vent slots adjacent to the fan motor assembly to increase the force of air delivery.
Claims We claim: 1. A fan assembly comprising: a housing adapted for resting on an exterior surface of headwear, fan means mounted in said housing at one end of said housing and adapted for forcing air through an opening defined in a forward protuberance of the headwear, solar cell means mounted on said housing at another end of said housing opposite to and remote from said one end for powering said fan means and adapted for resting on a crown of the headwear, vent means defined by said housing for allowing air to be sucked into said housing and forced out of said housing when said power means drive said fan means, mounting means defined by said housing including hinge means for removably mounting said modular fan assembly on an exterior surface of the headwear, a portion of said housing occupies a substantial distance between said fan means and said solar cell means, and display means defined by said portion of said housing between said power means and said fan means for displaying of decorative graphic material. 2. A fan assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein said fan means includes fan blades mounted on a shaft of a motor. 3. A fan assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein said mounting means is defined adjacent to said power means for mounting said housing on the exterior surface of the headwear. 4. A fan assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein said mounting means also is partly located adjacent to said fan means for mounting said housing on the forward protuberance of the headwear. 5. A fan assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein said portion of said housing includes two side panels and a top panel for enclosing said fan means, said vent means being defined by at least one of said two side panels and said top panel. 6. A fan assembly as claimed in claim 5, wherein said two side panels are converging. 7. A fan-cooled headwear assembly comprising: head covering means including a crown and a protuberance extending away from said crown, a housing mounted on an exterior surface of said head covering means, fan means mounted in said housing at one end of said housing and above said protuberance, solar cell means mounted on said housing at another end of said housing opposite to and remote from said one end and above said crown for powering said fan means, mounting means defined by said housing including hinge means for removably mounting the housing on the head covering, transfer means for transmitting power from said power means to said fan means to drive said fan means, vent means defined by said housing for allowing air to be sucked into said housing and forced out of said housing through an opening defined in said protuberance when said power means drives said fan means, a portion of said housing occupies a substantial distance between said fan means and said solar cell means, and display means defined by said portion of said housing between said power means and said fan means for displaying graphic material. 8. A fan-cooled headwear assembly as claimed in claim 8, further comprising mounting means for removably mounting said assembly on said exterior surface of said head covering means. 9. A fan assembly as claimed in claim 8, wherein said hinge means removably engages and locks with a button located on said crown, said hinge being folded under said housing upon locking with said button to conceal said button when said housing is mounted on said head covering means. 10. A fan assembly as claimed in claim 8, wherein said mounting means includes hook means defined by said housing for engaging opposite sides of said opening. 11. A fan assembly as claimed in claim 7, wherein said housing includes two side panels and a top panel for enclosing said fan means, said vent means being defined by at least one of said two side panels and said top panel. 12. A fan assembly as claimed in claim 11, wherein said two side panels are converging. 13. A fan-cooled headwear assembly comprising: head covering means including a crown and a protuberance extending away from said crown, a housing mounted on an exterior surface of said head covering means, fan means mounting in said housing at one end of said housing and above said protuberance, solar cell means mounted on said housing at another end of said housing opposite to and remote from said one end and above said crown for powering said fan means, mounting means defined by said housing including hinge means for removably mounting the housing on the head covering, transfer means for transmitting power from said power means to said fan means to drive said fan means, vent means defined by said housing for allowing air to be sucked into said housing and forced out of said housing through an opening defined in said protuberance when said power means drives said fan means, said housing includes a plurality of panels, said plurality of panels and said exterior surface of said head covering means defining an enclosed area, said fan means being located at said one end of said housing and at one end of said enclosed area, said solar cell means being located outside of said enclosed area and at said other end of said housing opposite to said one end, a portion of said housing occupies a substantial distance between said fan means and said solar cell means, and display means defined by said portion of said housing between said power means and said fan means for displaying of decorative graphic material. 14. A fan assembly as claimed in claim 13, wherein said hinge means removably engages and locks with a button located on said crown, said hinge being folded under said housing upon locking with said button to conceal said button when said housing is mounted on said head covering means. 15. A fan assembly as claimed in claim 13, wherein said mounting means includes hook means defined by said housing for engaging opposite sides of said opening. 16. A fan assembly as claimed in claim 3, wherein said hinge means removably engages and locks with a button located on the crown, said hinge being folded under said housing upon locking with the button to conceal the button when said housing is mounted on the headwear. 17. A fan assembly as claimed in claim 16, wherein said hinge includes a keyhole shaped opening for engaging with an interconnection between the button and the crown of the headwear. 18. A fan assembly as claimed in claim 17, wherein a slot of said keyhole shaped opening engages said interconnection between the button and the crown of the headgear. 19. A fan assembly as claimed in claim 9, wherein said hinge includes a keyhole shaped opening for engaging with an interconnection between said button and said crown of said head covering means. 20. A fan assembly as claimed in claim 19, wherein a slot of said keyhole shaped opening engages said interconnection between said button and said crown of said head covering means. 21. A fan assembly as claimed in claim 14, wherein said hinge includes a keyhole shaped opening for engaging with an interconnection between said button and said crown of said head covering means. 22. A fan assembly as claimed in claim 21, wherein a slot of said keyhole shaped opening engages said interconnectioin between said button and said crown of said head covering means. 