Electronic equipment having a key input function comprises a circuit structure having an electrical circuit including a plurality of key input contacts formed thereon, a frame arranged on the surface of the circuit structure, and key input buttons arranged one for each of the key input contacts. The frame has holes for each of the key input contacts, an insulative layer adjoining the electrical circuit and a metal layer which is in contact with the electrical circuit, which metal layer is exposed at the holes so that the key input buttons, which fit into the holes, selectively and electrically connect the key input contacts to the metal layer.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Electronic equipment having a key input function, comprising: printed circuit board means having an electrical circuit including a plurality of stationary contacts (3b), a plurality of connecting contacts (3a) and a connecting pattern for connecting said stationary contacts with said connecting contacts; frame means arranged on the surface of said printed circuit board means on which said electrical circuit is formed, said frame means including, (1) an insulating layer of an electrically insulative material, said insulating layer having a hole corresponding to each of said stationary and connecting contacts, and (2) a metal layer insertion-molded therein, said metal layer having at least one first portion corresponding to said connecting contact, in one of said holes and in contact with said corresponding connecting contact to provide fixed electrical connection between said first portion and said corresponding connecting contact and at least one second portion corresponding to said stationary contact, in another of said holes, wherein said second portion has an opening smaller than the insulating laver hole; and key input means including a movable contact member associated with said second portion for providing selective electrical connection between said second portion and said corresponding stationary contact, wherein said movable contact member is partially mounted to said metal layer and has another portion abutting said printed circuit board in proximity of said stationary contact, and wherein said frame means is mounted on said printed circuit board means such that said first portion and said second portion are aligned with said corresponding connecting contact and said corresponding stationary contact, respectively, and said movable contact is supported by said metal layer of said frame means. 2. Electronic equipment according to claim 1, wherein said metal layer includes a plurality of key blocks each having at least one said first portion. 3. Electronic equipment according to claim 1, wherein said movable contact member is elastic. 4. Electronic equipment according to claim 1 further comprising a plurality of movable contact members, wherein each of said movable contact members electrically connects one of said stationary contacts to said electrical circuit through one of said first portions and one of said second portions when pressed. 5. Electronic equipment having a key input function comprising: printed circuit board means having an electrical circuit including a plurality of stationary contacts (3b), a plurality of connecting contacts (3a) and a connecting pattern for connecting said stationary contacts with said connecting contacts; and frame means mounted in confrontation to said circuit board means having, (1) a metal plate having, in a first area, openings respectively corresponding to each of said stationary contacts and, in a second area, a hole for mounting a power supply therein and a hole for mounting a display therein and (2) a member of electrically insulative material having openings larger that said first mentioned openings, a hole larger than said power supply mounting hole and a hole larger than said display mounting hole; wherein said metal plate is insertion-molded into said member and so that the margin areas defining said openings and holes of said metal plate are exposed and said power supply and said display are supported between said circuit board means and said frame. 6. Electronic equipment according to claim 5, wherein said metal plate has a difference in level between said first area and second area. 7. Electronic equipment according to claim 5, wherein a solar cell is mounted in said power supply mounting hole and a liquid crystal display is mounted in said display mounting hole. 8. Electronic equipment according to claim 6, wherein a solar cell is mounted in said power supply mounting hole and a liquid crystal display is mounted in said display mounting hole. 9. Electronic equipment according to claim 5, further including movable contact members each provided in one of said openings of said metal plate. 10. Electronic equipment according to claim 6, further including movable contact members each provided in one of said openings of said metal plate. 11. Electronic equipment having a key input function comprising: printed circuit board means having an electrical circuit including a plurality of stationary contacts (3b), a plurality of connecting contacts (3a) and a connecting pattern for connecting said stationary contacts with said connection contacts; and frame means mounted in confrontation to said circuit means having, (1) a metal plate comprising a first member (B4) including first openings arranged to face a first group of said stationary contacts, a second member (B5) including second openings arranged to face a second group of said stationary contacts, a frame member (1d) for enclosing said first and second member, first connection members (1c, 1f) for, in a position facing said plurality of connecting contacts, connecting said first member to said second member or for connecting said frame member to said first or second member, and second connection members (1c, 1g) for, in a position not facing said plurality of connecting contacts and stationary contacts, connecting said first member to said second member or for connecting said frame member to said first or second member, wherein said first and second members, frame member, first connection members and second connection members are integrally formed, and (2) an insulative member of electrically insulative material having third openings for exposing the marginal area defining said first and second openings formed on said first and second members and fourth openings for exposing the marginal area defining said first and second connection members, wherein said third openings are larger than said first and second openings of said metal plate and wherein said metal plate is insertion-molded into said insulative member and wherein said first and second connection members are cut in said openings of said insulative member, wherein each of said first connection members is cut into two pieces one of which is connected to said connecting contact and each of said second connection members is cut into two pieces. 12. Electronic equipment according to claim 11, wherein said third and fourth openings of said insulative member for exposing said vicinity of said first and second openings of said metal plate and for exposing said connection members are round and angular in shape, respectively. 