A system for providing early warning of the approach and egress of emergency vehicles in which the warning system provides a display to indicate the direction from which the emergency vehicle is approaching and in addition provides preemption control of the traffic signals at an intersection. A transmitter mounted on an emergency vehicle transmits a signal whenever it is on an emergency call which is received by infrared (I.R.) receivers positioned at an intersection to respond to the transmitted signals. The received signal is then processed by a master controller which in turn pre-empts operation of traffic signals to control traffic flow at the intersection to which the emergency vehicle is approaching. The master controller also provides an output to display signs facing approaching traffic on each road approaching the intersection which displays messages and symbols indicating the direction of the approaching emergency vehicle. Additionally, the display system indicates whether the emergency vehicle has passed through and is departing the intersection. After a predetermined interval when an emergency vehicle has passed through an intersection the display system is deactivated and the traffic signals are returned to the traffic light control system.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An emergency vehicle warnng and traffic control system comprising; dual channel transmitting means having one channel constructed to transmit a code indicating the approach of an emergency vehicle to an intersection, the other channel constructed to transmit a code indicating the departure of an emergency vehicle from an intersection; means mounting said dual channel transmitting means on an emergency vehicle; a plurality of directional receiving means mounted at a traffic intersection in the path of said emergency vehicle; signal processing means receiving and processing the outputs from said plurality of directional receiving means; coupling means coupling said signal processing means to a traffic control system at said intersection; said signal processing means pre-emptying said traffice control system to control the flow of all traffic through said intersection; display means mounted at said intersection, said display means constructed and arranged to indicate the proximity and direction of travel of an approaching or departing emergency vehicle; connecting means connecting said signal processing means to said display means for activating said display when a signal is received from said plurality of directional receiving means whereby information about an approaching or departing emergency vehicle is displayed. 2. The system according to claim 1 in which said dual channel transmitting means and said plurality of receiving means transmit and receive in the infra-red wavelength range. 3. The system according to claim 2 in which said dual channel transmitting means emits infrared energy in the wavelength range of 0.8 to 1.0 micrometers and said receiver means is comprised of silicon photovoltaic detectors operating in a range of 0.8 micrometers to 1.0 micrometers wavelength. 4. The system according to claim 3 in which said silicon photovoltaic detectors operate at a wavelength centered approximately at 0.950 micrometers. 5. The system according to claim 3 including means for blocking light energy with wavelengths shorter than approximately 0.85 micrometer. 6. The system according to claim 1 in which said directional receiving means is mounted facing oncoming traffic with there being a directional receiving means for each roadway entering said intersection. 7. The system according to claim 6 in which said display means comprises; housing means; display panel means mounted on said housing means facing oncoming traffic, said display panel means constructed and arranged to provide early warning information as to the position and direction of travel of an emergency vehicle. 8. The system according to claim 7 in which said display panel has a plurality of symbols representing emergency vehicles upon each roadway and means for illuminating one or more of said symbols when an emergency vehicle is within a predetermined range of said intersection. 9. The system according to claim 8 in which said display panel means includes means warning of the proximity of an emergency vehicle to an intersection. 10. The system according to claim 9 in which said directional receiving means is mounted in said housing means for said display panel. 11. The system according to claim 1 in which said dual channel transmitting means includes forward transmitting means and rearward transmitting means whereby said display means responds to and indicates the approach or departure of an emergency vehicle to or from an intersection 12. The system according to claim 1 in which said signal processor means comprises master controller means, said master controller means being mounted in a traffic light control console in the vicinity of said intersection. 13. The system according to claim 12 including means connecting said master controller means to each representative directional receiving means mounted at an intersection. 14. The system according to claim 13 in which said master controller means receives an input from each of said receiver means at a predetermined rate, said master controller being programmed to respond to the receiving means receiving a signal from an emergency vehicle and producing a response to control said display panel means to display a symbol indicating the proximity and direction of travel of said emergency vehicle. 15. The system according to claim 14 including means connecting said master controller to an existing traffic light control computer mounted in said traffic light control console; said master controller programmed to pre-empt operation of said traffic control lights. 16. The system according to claim 15 in which said master controller is programmed to turn all traffic control signals red upon the approach of an emergency vehicle thereby stopping the flow of all traffic through said intersection. 17. The system according to claim 16 in which said master controller is connected to said directional receiving means and said display means through existing power lines. 18. The system according to claim 17 in which said master controller and receiving means operate in said existing power lines with carrier current transceivers. 19. The system according to claim 15 in which said master controller includes programming means programmed to vary the control of the traffic signals in a predetermined manner; said programming means comprising a software program in said master controller. 