A solar collector water heater is provided in kit form suitable for installation by a homeowner using a minimum of ordinary tools. The kit includes a rectangular insulation board serving as a baseboard, and a solar absorber plate mountable on the insulation board and including a heat exchanger with couplings for connection to a tank. A thermosiphon water tank is provided together with couplings for connecting to the heat exchanger. A main frame is assembled of a rear rail, a pair of side rails, and a front rail, all of extruded aluminum, using corner keys for adjoining adjacent ones of these rails at their ends. At least one side glazing panel having a top surface and a pair of legs inwardly disposed therefrom is cooperatively retained within the assembly by a first depression formed in one of the rail members insertably receiving and retaining one of the legs and a second depression formed in a glazing rim insertably receiving and retaining another of the legs. The top surface of the side-glazing panels being cooperatively retained adjacent to one of the rail members by a side cap and also retained adjacent to the glazing rim by an upper cap. A least one front glazing panel is also securely retained within the solar collector water heater within an opening formed between the glazing rim and the upper cap. The upper cap includes a projection extending downwardly therefrom which cooperates with a flange outwardly disposed from the glazing rim to cooperatively retain the front glazing panel within the opening.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar collector water heater assembly comprising a rectangular insulation board serving as a base; a solar absorber plate mounted on the insulation board and including a heat exchanger with couplings for connection to a tank; a water tank having main water inlet and outlet means and means connected to the couplings of the heat exchanger; a main frame assembled onto the insulation board about the solar absorber plate including a front rail, a rear rail, side rails and cornerkeys joining adjacent ones of the rails at their ends to form corners of the frame; a tank bed attached within the frame and mounting the tank; and at least one glazing panel having a top surface including a pair of legs inwardly disposed therefrom and a sheet of transparent material stretched onto the glazing panel; one of the legs being insertably received and retained by a first depression formed in one of the rail members; another of the legs being insertably received and retained by a second depression formed in a glazing rim; and the top surface of one of the glazing panels being cooperatively retained adjacent to one of the rail members by a side cap and also retained adjacent to the glazing rim by an upper cap so that the glazing panel is securely retained within the assembly. 2. The solar collector water heater assembly of claim 1 wherein the side cap includes a projection extending inwardly thereof which abuts the top surface of the glazing panel restraining movement of the first leg within the first depression formed in one of the rail members. 3. The solar collector water heater assembly of claim 1 wherein the upper cap includes a projection extending inwardly thereof which abuts the top surface of the glazing panel restraining movement of the second leg within the second depression formed in the glazing rim. 4. The solar collector water heater assembly of claim 1 wherein one of the rail members includes a screw boss formed therein which receives a means for securely fastening the side cap adjacent to one of the rail members such that the glazing panel is securely retained within the assembly between the side cap and the rail member. 5. The solar collected water heater assembly of claim 1 wherein the glazing rim includes a screw boss formed therein which receives a means for securely fastening the upper cap to the glazing rim such that the glazing panel is securely retained within the assembly between the upper cap and the glazing rim. 6. The solar collector water heater assembly of claim 1 wherein the main frame and rail members are extruded aluminum. 7. The solar collector water heater assembly of claim 1 wherein one of the rail members and the glazing rim are cooperatively retained within the assembly by a connector. 8. A solar collector water heater assembly comprising a rectangular insulation board serving as a base; a solar absorber plate mounted on the insulation board and including a heat exchanger with couplings for connection to a tank; a water tank having main water inlet and outlet means and means connected to the couplings of the heat exchanger; a main frame assembled onto the insulation board about the solar absorber plate including a front rail, a rear rail, side rails and cornerkeys joining adjacent ones of the rails at their ends to form corners of the frame; a tank bed attached within the frame and mounting the tank; and at least one glazing panel with a sheet of transparent material stretched thereto; the glazing panel including a generally horizontal web member and a generally vertical web member being joined at a corner section; the glazing panel being securely mounted within the assembly within an opening formed between a glazing rim and an upper cap; the upper cap having a projection extending downwardly therefrom which cooperates with a flange outwardly disposed from the glazing rim to cooparatively retain the horizontal webb member within the opening; the upper cap further abutting the corner section to securely retain the generally vertical web member between a central web member of the glazing rim and the upper cap within the opening. 9. The solar collector water heater assembly of claim 8 wherein the generally horizontal web member is cooperatively retained between the projection and the flange. 10. The solar collector water heater assembly of claim 8 wherein the main frame and rail members are extruded aluminum. 11. The solar collector water heater assembly of claim 8 wherein the glazing rim includes a screw boss formed therein which receives means for securely fastening the upper cap to the glazing rim such that the glazing panel is securely retained within the opening formed between the upper cap and the glazing rim. 12. The solar collector water heater assembly of claim 8 wherein one of the rail members and the glazing rim are cooperatively retained within the assembly by a connector. 13. A method of installing a solar collector water heater comprising the steps of: assembling a main frame over a base board by sliding corner keys into ends of a pair of side rails and a pair of ends rails, the base board having mounted thereon a solar absorber plate including a heat exchanger at one end of the absorber plate with couplings for connection to a tank; installing a water tank onto the frame, the tank having a make-up water inlet, a heated-water outlet, a tank-to-heat exchanger coupling and a heat exchanger-to-tank coupling; connecting the make-up water inlet to a source of water, the heated water outlet to an inlet of a hot water system, and the tank-to-heat exchanger coupling and the heat-exchanger-to-tank coupling to the associated couplings of the heat exchanger; assembling onto the main frame at least one glazing panel having a top surface including a pair of legs inwardly disposed therefrom and a sheet of transparent material stretched onto the glazing panel; assembling onto at least one of the rail members a glazing rim having a second depression formed therein; assembling onto the glazing rim an upper cap to securely retain the glazing rim within the assembly; retaining one of the legs of the glazing panel within a first depression formed in one of the rail members and retaining another of the legs of the glazing panel within the second depression; and retaining the top surface of the glazing panel within the assembly adjacent to one of the rail members by a side cap in abutting engagement therewith adjacent to the glazing rim by the upper cap in abutting engagement therewith to securely retain the glazing panel within the assembly. 14. A method of installing a solar collector water heater as in claim 13, further comprising fitting a shroud over the tank. 15. A method of installing a solar collector water heater as in claim 14, wherein the step of fitting the shroud includes installing a tank board between the rear end of the glazing panels and the tank, and affixing the tank shroud to the tank board. 16. A method of installing a solar collector water heater as in claim 13, further comprising assembling a connector to cooperatively retain one of the rail members and the glazing rim within the assembly. 17. A method of installing a solar collector water heater as in claim 13, further comprising restraining movement of the second leg within the second depression by a projection extending inwardly of the upper cap abutting the top surface of the glazing panel. 18. A method of installing a solar collector water heater as in claim 13, further comprising restraining movement of the first leg within the first depression by a projection extending inwardly of the side cap abutting the top surface of the glazing panel. 19. A method of installing a solar collector water heater as in claim 13, further comprising fastening the side cap adjacent to one of the rail members by one of the rail members having a screw boss formed therein receiving and retaining a fastener such that the glazing panel is securely retained within the assembly between the side cap and the rail member. 20. A method of installing a solar collector water heater as in claim 13, further comprising fastening the upper cap adjacent to the glazing rim as a result of the glazing rim having a screw boss formed therein receiving and retaining a fastener such that the glazing panel is securely retained within the assembly between the upper cap and the glazing rim. 21. A method of installing a solar collector water heater comprising the steps of: assembling a main frame over a base board by sliding corner keys into ends of a pair of side rails and a pair of end rails, the base board having mounted thereon a solar absorber plate with couplings for connection to a tank; installing a water tank onto the frame, the tank having a make-up water inlet, a heated-water outlet, a tank-to-heat exchanger coupling and a heat-exchanger-to-tank coupling; connecting the make-up water inlet to a source of water, the heated water outlet to an inlet of a hot water system, and the tank-to-heat exchanger coupling and the heat exchanger-to-tank coupling to the associated couplings of the heat exchanger; assembling onto at least one of the rail members a glazing rim having a flange outwardly disposed therefrom; assembling onto the glazing rim an upper cap to securely retain the glazing rim within the assembly having a projection extending downwardly therefrom; mounting within the assembly at least one glazing panel with a sheet of transparent material stretched thereto and having a generally horizontal web member and a generally vertical web member being joined at a corner section within an opening formed between the glazing rim and the upper cap; and retaining within the opening the glazing panel as a result of the flange and projection cooperatively abutting the horizontal web member of the panel glazing. 22. A method of installing a solar collector water heater as in claim 21, further comprising fitting a shroud over the tank. 23. A method of installing a solar collector water heater as in claim 22, wherein the step of fitting the shroud includes installing a tank board between the rear end of the glazing panels and the tank, and affixing the tank shroud to the tank board. 24. A method of installing a solar collector water heater as in claim 21, further comprising retaining the generally vertical web member between a central web member of the glazing rim and the upper cap as a result of the upper cap abutting and restraining the corner section. 25. A method of installing a solar collector water heater as in claim 21, further comprising fastening the upper cap to the glazing rim as a result of the glazing rim having a screw boss formed therein receiving and retaining a fastener such that the glazing panel is securely retained within the assembly between the upper cap and the glazing rim 26. A method of installing a solar collector water heater as in claim 21, further comprising assembling a connector to cooperatively retain one of the rail members and the glazing rim within the assembly. 27. A kit for construction of a solar collector water heater suitable for installation by a homeowner, comprising a rectangular insulation board serving as a base; a solar absorber plate mountable on the insulation board and including a heat exchanger with couplings for connection to a tank; a water tank having main water inlet and outlet means and means for connecting to the couplings of the heat exchanger; a main frame assemblable onto the insulation board with the solar absorber plate mounted thereon including a front rail, a rear rail, side rails, and corner keys for joining adjacent ones of the rails at their ends to form corners of the frame; a tank bed attachable onto the frame for mounting the tank; a glazing rim assemblable onto at least one of the rail members and having a second depression formed therein and a first projection extending downwardly therefrom; an upper cap assemblable onto the glazing rim having a second projection to securely retain the glazing rim within the heater a side cup assemblable onto one of the rail members; at least one side glazing panel having a top surface including a pair of legs inwardly disposed therefrom and a sheet of transparent material stretched onto the glazing panel assemblable and mountable within the heater by one of the legs being retained within first depression formed in one of the rail members and another of the legs being retained within the second depression and the top surface being retained adjacent to one of the rail members by the side cap in abutting engagement therewith and adjacent the glazing rim by the upper cap in abutting engagement therewith; and another of the top glazing panels having a sheet of transparent material stretched thereto mountable and retainable within an opening formed between the glazing rim and the upper cap. 28. A kit for construction of a solar collector water heater as in claim 27, wherein the main rails and the rail members are extruded aluminum. 29. A kit for construction of a solar collector water heater as in claim 27, wherein the top glazing panel includes a generally horizontal web member and a vertical web member being joined at a corner section. 30. A kit for construction of a solar collector water heater as in claim 29 wherein the top glazing panel is secured within the opening by the flange and second projection cooperatively abutting the horizontal web member of the panel glazing. 31. A kit for construction of a solar collector as in claim 29 wherein the generally horizontal web member is cooperatively retained between the projection and the flange. 32. A kit for construction of a solar collector as in claim 29 wherein the upper cap abuts the corner section to securely retain the generally vertical web member between a central web member of the glazing rim and the upper cap. 33. A kit for construction of a solar collector water heater as in claim 27 wherein the side cap includes a third projection extending inwardly thereof which abuts the top surface of the glazing panel restraining movement of the first leg within the first depression formed in one of the rail members. 34. A kit for construction of a solar collector water heater as in claim 27 wherein the second projection of the upper cap abuts the top surface of the side glazing panel restraining movement of the second leg within the second depression. 35. A kit for construction of a solar collector water heater as in claim 27 wherein one of the rail members includes a screw boss formed therein which receives a means for securely fastening the side cap adjacent to one of the rail members such that the glazing panel is securely retained within the assembly between the side cap and the rail member. 36. A kit for construction of a solar collector water heater as in claim 27 wherein the glazing rim includes a screw boss formed therein which receives a means for securely fastening the upper cap to the glazing rim such that one of the glazing panels is securely retained within the assembly between the upper cap and the glazing rim. 37. A kit for construction of a solar collector as in claim 27 wherein one of the rail members and glazing rim are cooperatively retained within the assembly by a connector. 