A central lighting system for commercial buildings employing core daylighting with tracking heliostats, light beam processing, heat extraction and utilization, distribution through light pipes, fiberoptics, prisms, and mirrors. The system incorporates a central artificial light source, also with heat extraction and utilization for domestic hot water, air conditioning, or refrigeration as desired. The system includes microprocessor control and monitoring of all functions, light amplification through high frequency beam splitting, and light storage, in the form of super-insulated extreme heat.
Claims I claim: 1. A daylighting system for providing illumination to the interior of a building using solar energy as a source of light comprising: a solar energy collector means mounted on the buildings' roof by means of Coude' and Gregorian types of Cassegrainian optical systems a means of moving said collector means to an attitude tracking the sun's position in the sky during daylight hours a heat separation means for removing heat from the concentrated beam of sunlight and for applying said heat to other uses; and light guide means for channeling and distributing concentrated light beams throughout places of use in the building. 2. A daylighting system as in claim 1 wherein a micro-processor controls the means for moving and aiming said collector, said controls include emergency shutdown, said micro-processor and other means maintaining said collector at an attitude within 6 to 60 arcminutes of the sun. 3. A daylighting system as in claim 1 wherein heat is absorbed from the concentrated light beam by a circulating water filled chamber with transparent crown glass light entry and exit ports, reflective walls, and water entry and exit ports out of the direct beam of light, said water chamber being two meters or less in length, said water containing biocidal agents, as well as additives such as yellowish dyes to facilitate the absorption of Ultraviolet radiation. 4. A daylighting system as in claim 2 wherein said microprocessor also controls functions relating to heat separation from concentrated light beam and transfer of heat from glass and metallic mirrors cooled by piped water, freon, and coolants through the substance of certain of the mirrors. 5. A daylighting system as in claim 2 wherein said microprocessor also controls rates of fluid flow through cooling circuits, heat separation chamber, air conditioning compressor, hot water heat exchanger, chiller, or refrigerator, and permits switching between these functions automatically or manually. 6. A daylighting system as in claim 2 wherein said microprocessor directs electrical switching on of central artificial light source and/or pre-existing conventional lighting system as needed, blending of artificial and natural light sources are regulated to permit maximum utilization of available natural daylight. 7. A daylighting system as set forth in claim 1 in which the solar collector is an existing type parabolic dish covered with a thin reflective film. 8. A daylighting system as set forth in anyone claims 1-6, in which the collector is mounted on a heavy swivel-pivot tee, said mounting tee incorporating therein a highly polished large ninety degree deflecting mirror, thereby permitting the translation of an intense rotating beam of sunlight from different declinations into a stationary constant beam of intense light for processing. 9. A daylighting system as in as in anyone of claims 1-7, wherein the intense beam of sunlight is conducted throughout the building by means of tubular mirrors, fiberoptics, prisms, and mirrors within or without enclosure by tubes to divide, channel, distribute, deflect, reflect, and diffuse the beam for use in interior lighting, photocell sensing and microprocessor control of motorized mirrors and prisms insertable into the concentrated beam. Shutters can block the light beam if darkening a room is desired. 10. A daylighting system as in claim 9, wherein the source of concentrated daylight is combined with a very intense source of artificial light using one or a plurality of artificial light sources, such sources including low pressure sodium, high pressure sodium, mercury vapor, quartz-halogen lamps, carbon arc lamps, mixed gas lamps, or any combination of the above or other electric light sources. 11. A daylighting system as in claim 9 in which said intense beam of light is concentrated on a crucible of metal or other suitable material, said material being enclosed in a heavily insulated container, whereby said metal or other material is heated to a white hot temperature and effectively stores light and heat, said insulated container containing argon or other inert gases to aid insulation and avoid oxygen reactivity. 12. A central lighting system as in claim 10 wherein said intense beam of daylight or artificial light is processed with a large scale splitter or chopper, with angled mirrors in said chopper revolving through the light beam at frequencies exceeding 30 Hz, and preferably over 100 Hz the beam will be effectively amplified, and caused to illuminate two, four, or possibly many target areas, and due to the phenomen of flicker fusion and image latency in the human eye, this may permit the multiplication of areas illuminated by a single light source. 