For the tracking control of a reflector focusing the solar radiation on an absorber corresponding to the apparent movement of the sun, an adjusting mechanism of the reflector is driven by means of a direct-current motor 5. The terminals of the electric motor are connected to a parallel connection consisting of two solar cells (9, 10). The parallel connection of both solar cells is such that they generate by constant radiation about a similar amount of voltage however with opposite polarity. The driving of the direct current motor takes place with the voltage differential occurring on the parallel connection. Both the solar cells are rigidly mounted to that part of the stationary arranged absorber on which part the solarrays are focused by the reflector. Both the solar cells are arranged symmetrical to the longitudinal axis of the absorber. With the help of the above described apparatus the reflector is automatically always so adjusted that the solarrays are focused on the absorber whereby no additional source of energy is necessary to drive the adjusting mechanism of the reflector.
Claims We claim: 1. A solar power plant, comprising: a stationary solar radiation collector; a balanced reflector having a low friction mounting adjustable about a swivel axis for focusing solar radiation; an adjusting mechanism for adjusting said reflector to direct the focused solar radiation onto said collector; an electric motor having sufficient torque to drive said adjusting mechanism through a reduction gear having a high gear ratio, and as least two solar cells disposed on said collector, said solar cells being connected in a parallel circuit opposite to one another, said parallel circuit being directly connected to said motor so that upon irradiation of said solar cells with focused solar radiation electrical voltages are produced which counteract one another and which drive said motor without amplification, said produced voltages being the sole supply of power to said motor. 2. A solar power plant, comprising: a stationary solar radiation collector; a balanced reflector adjustably mounted for low friction movement about a swivel axis for focusing solar radiation; an adjusting mechanism for adjusting said reflector to direct the focused solar radiation onto said collector; an electric motor for driving said adjusting mechanism having sufficient torque to drive said adjusting mechanism through a reduction gear having a high gear ratio; as least two solar cells disposed on said collector, said solar cells being connected in a parallel circuit opposit to one another so that upon irradiation of said solar cells with focused solar radiation, electrical voltages are produced which counteract one another, said parallel connection being connected directly to said electric motor without amplification to be the sole supply of power to said electric motor. 3. A solar power plant, comprising: a stationary solar radiation collector; a reflector mounted on low friction bearings and adjustable about a swivel axis for focusing solar radiation; an adjusting mechanism for adjusting said reflector to direct the focused solar radiation onto said collector; an electric motor with low internal resistance connected to a reduction gear having a high gear ratio for driving said adjusting mechansim; and at least two solar cells disposed on the side of said collector nearest said reflector, said solar cells being connected in a parallel circuit opposite to one another so that upon irradiation of said solar cells with focused solar radiation, electrical voltages are produced which counteract one another, said parallel connection being connected directly to said electric motor to supply power to said electric motor. 4. Apparatus according to claim 3 wherein said electric motor comprises a winding and the winding of the electric motor is connected via a doublepole switch means to the said parallel connection, the switch means comprises an actuating member for determining the position of the reflector, and at least one further solar cell to be irradiated by unfocused solar radiation is connected in parallel to the said parallel connection. 5. Apparatus according to claim 3 wherein said electric motor comprises a winding and the winding of the electric motor is connected via a switching means to the said parallel connection, the switching means comprises an actuating member for determining the position of the reflector, and at least a further solar cell is connected directly to the winding of the electric motor. 6. A plant according to claim 3, further comprising a further solar cell (18) which is disposed at a location so that unfocused solar radiation impinges on the further solar cell. 7. A plant according to claim 3 characterized in that the further solar cell (18) is disposed on the side of the collector (6) facing the sun when the plant is in operation. 8. A plant according to claim 6, 7 or 3 wherein the collector is an elongated receptacle (6) for the conveyance therethrough of a liquid heat carrier. 9. A plant according to claim 8 wherein a solar cell arrangement for supplying electric energy is disposed on the side of the receptacle facing the reflector (27) thereby the liquid heat carrier serves to cool the majority of the solar cells. 