An emergency warning system for notifying passersby of the approach of an emergency vehicle to an intersection is provided. The system comprises a flashing light, a solar collector and a rechargeable battery electrically connected to the light. The device is obtained within a housing which is mounted near the distal end of a street light pole or stoplight. A switching mechanism is contained in the device which includes a radio receiver. A wireless transmitter carried by the emergency vehicle actuates the switching mechanism so as to provide warning of the approach of the vehicle to the intersection. Horns attached to the device also are actuated so as to provide an audible warning. Because of the use of the solar collector, no electrical connections are required between the device and the stop light.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An emergency warning system for notifying passersby of the approach of an emergency vehicle to an intersection, said system comprising: light means for providing a flashing light at said intersection; a tubular lens member covering said light means, said tubular lens member having a plurality of ridges formed therein so as to direct light downwardly from said light means; a solar collector for converting solar energy into electrical energy, said solar collector being electrically connected to said light means; a rechargeable battery operatively connected to said solar collector and to said light means; and switching means for selectively actuating said light means, said switching means including a wireless transmitter adapted to send an electromagnetic signal at a predetermined frequency to said switching means, and a receiver electrically connected to said light means for actuation thereof when triggered by said transmitter, whereby emergency personnel may warn said passersby of the approach of said emergency vehicle by actuating said transmitter. 2. An emergency warning system for notifying passersby of the approach of an emergency vehicle to an intersection, said system comprising: light means for providing a flashing light at said intersection; a solar collector for converting solar energy into electrical energy, said solar collector being electrically connected to said light means; a rechargeable battery operatively connected to said solar collector and to said light means; and switching means for selectively actuating said light means, said switching means including a wireless transmitter adapted to send an electromagnetic signal at a predetermined frequency to said switching means, and a receiver electrically connected to said light means for actuation thereof when triggered by said transmitter; a housing member for containing said light means, said solar collector, said rechargeable battery and said switching mechanism; and mounting means for mounting said housing on a light pole, said mounting means including one or more support struts extending from said housing member to said light pole so as to separate said housing member from said light pole thereby reducing electromagnetic interference from said light pole, whereby emergency personnel may warn said passersby of the approach of said emergency vehicle by actuating said transmitter. 3. The emergency warning system of claim 2 wherein at least one of said support struts comprises: a pair of interlocking brackets each bracket having a pair of curved indentations formed therein and adapted for mating engagement with respect to said light pole and said housing member, said brackets being selectively joined to each other so as to facilitate attachment of for attaching said warning system to said light pole. 