A plurality of collector panels are mounted so as to be rotatable in unison about their longitudinal axes. One side or face of each panel is provided with a radiation absorbing surface and the other side or face is provided with a radiation reflective surface. Each panel includes a compartmentalized plastic tray in which is encapsulated thermal storage or phase change material having an appropriate heat of fusion so that radiation striking the absorptive surface will be stored in the material for subsequent release. Owing to the rotatability of the various panels, when mounted adjacent a conventional window, they can be adjusted or tilted so as to control the temperature of a room. Flexible seals are attached to the edges of the panels so as to block the flow of air between the panels when the panels are closed, that is, with the radiation surface facing either outwardly or inwardly.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar collector storage system comprising a plurality of panels having first and second generally parallel spaced plates, each panel containing therein a phase change material between said first and second plates, heat insulation material confronting said second plate, said first plate having a radiation absorptive surface adjacent its outer side, a window, means mounting said panels for rotation about parallel axes to cause absorptive surfaces of said panels to face said window or face away from said window, and means sealing said panels when said absorptive surfaces face either toward said window or away from said window. 2. A solar collector storage system in accordance with claim 1 in which sealing means is resilient. 3. A solar collector storage system in accordance with claim 2 including means for rotating said panels about their axes in unison to cause said absorptive surfaces to face said window or away from said window. 4. A solar collector storage system comprising a plurality of panels having first and second generally parallel spaced plates, said plates having first sides facing toward each other forming a space therebetween and second sides facing away from each other, each panel containing therein a phase change material in said space between said first sides of said first and second plates, heat insulation material having one side confronting the second side of said second plate, said first plate having a radiation absorptive surface on its said second side, and means mounting said panels for rotation about parallel axes so that said panels can be rotated from heat absorbing position in which said second side of said first plate faces toward a hear source to a heat dissipating position in which said second side of said first plate faces in a direction in which heat is to be released, means for rotating said panels about their axes in unison, said axes being midway between the longitudinal edges of said panels and said axes being spaced from each other a distance corresponding substantially to the distance between the longitudinal edges of a panel, means sealing the longitudinal edges of adjacent panels when said panels are rotated into closed or substantially planar relation. 5. A solar collector storage system in accordance with claim 4 in which said sealing means is resilient. 