Apparatus for scanning the image on an image-bearing member moved past an array of thin film light sensitive elements, said apparatus relying upon the concept of "proximity focusing" in order to generate electrical signals for replicating said image.
Claims We claim: 1. Apparatus capable of providing electrical signals representative of an image on a moving image-bearing member, said apparatus including a photosensitive array of deposited semiconductor light sensitive elements, each of said elements being non-light transmissive, non-apertured, continuous and adapted to receive light from a corresponding small area portion of an image-bearing member and generate a detectable signal representative of the intensity of received light; the improvement comprising, in combination: said array including at least one column of light sensitive elements operatively disposed so as to cover at least a portion of at least one dimension of an image-bearing member; spacing means for closely positioning said light sensitive elements in juxtaposed relation relative to an image-bearing member so as to proximity focus light onto said light sensitive elements from corresponding small area portions of said member; and means for moving an image-bearing member past said light sensitive elements. 2. Apparatus as in claim 1 wherein said spacing means includes a cover layer overlying said light sensitive elements; said cover layer formed of a transparent abrasion-resistant material selected from the group consisting essentially of a silicon-carbon alloy, a silicon-nitride alloy, a silicon-oxygen alloy or microcrystalline carbon. 3. Apparatus as in claim 2 further including shielding means operatively disposed between the upper electrode of said light sensitive elements and said cover layer, said shielding means adapted to prevent the build-up of a large static charge. 4. Apparatus as in claim 3 wherein said shielding means is fabricated from a material selected from the group consisting essentially of an oxide of indium, tin, zinc, zirconium, cadmium, or mixtures thereof. 5. Apparatus as in claim 3 wherein said shielding means is fabricated from a material selected from the group consisting essentially of gold, silver, aluminum, copper or other highly conductive metal. 6. Apparatus as in claim 3 wherein said shielding means is electrically connected to ground potential. 7. Apparatus as in claim 1 wherein the light sensitive elements are fabricated from a thin film semiconductor alloy material selected from the group consisting essentially of a silicon alloy, a germanium alloy, or combinations thereof. 8. Apparatus as in claim 1 wherein said light sensitive elements comprise P-I-N photovoltaic cells. 9. Apparatus as in claim 1 wherein said light sensitive elements comprise P-I-N photoresistors. 10. Apparatus as in claim 1 further including isolation means associated with each of said light sensitive elements for facilitating the selective addressing of said elements. 11. Apparatus as in claim 10 wherein each isolation means is a diode. 12. Apparatus as in claim 10 wherein each isolation means is a thin film transistor. 13. Apparatus as in claim 1 wherein said light sensitive elements are disposed in a substantially common plane. 14. Apparatus as in claim 1 further including means for projecting light onto said image-bearing member. 15. Apparatus as in claim 14 wherein said light means is adapted to sequentially project light of different colors onto said image-bearing member. 16. Apparatus as in claim 10 wherein each isolation means is a diode; and each of said light sensitive elements and the associated isolation diode includes a semiconductor body formed of stacked thin film layers including a first doped layer of a first conductivity type, a substantially intrinsic layer, and a second doped layer of a conductivity type opposite to that of said first doped layer. 17. Apparatus as in claim 16 further comprising a substrate over which said light sensitive elements and said isolation diodes are formed and wherein the order of said stacked thin film layers from which the semiconductor body of each light sensitive element and isolation diode is fabricated is the same. 18. Apparatus as in claim 17 wherein each of the light sensitive elements further includes first and second electrodes. 19. Apparatus as in claim 18 wherein the first electrodes of said light sensitive elements are each formed upon said substrate as a distinct, substantially opaque, thin film, conductive pad and the semiconductor bodies of each light sensitive element and the associated isolation diode thereof are formed upon and electrically interconnected by said opaque conductive pad. 20. Apparatus as in claim 19 wherein said substrate is transparent and the opaque conductive pads of said light sensitive elements are spacedly disposed so that light passes through said substrate and between and around said conductive pads to illuminate said image-bearing member. 21. Apparatus as in claim 1 wherein said moving means includes means for engaging said image-bearing member and transporting said image-bearing memeber into proximity focusing relationship with said array of light sensitive elements. 22. Apparatus as in claim 21 wherein said array is a 2-dimensional matrix of elements and said engaging means translationally transports said image-bearing member into position for the 2-dimensional scanning thereof. 23. Apparatus as in claim 21 wherein said array is a 1-dimensional matrix of elements and said engaging means continuously and translationally transports said image-bearing member past said array for the line-by-line scanning thereof. 24. Apparatus as in claim 21 wherein said engaging means includes roller means for frictionally engaging a surface of said image-bearing member. 25. Apparatus as in claim 24 wherein the roller means includes a plurality of rollers for transporting said image-bearing member from a document-entry slot to a document-exit slot. 26. Apparatus as in claim 25 wherein at least one of said rollers are tapered to maintain at least a portion of said image-bearing member moving past the array in a generally planar attitude. 27. Apparatus as in claim 25 wherein one of said rollers is operatively disposed so as to bring at least the portion of the image-bearing member moving past the array into intimate contact with said spacing means. 28. Apparatus as in claim 21 wherein said moving means further includes motor means for transporting said image-bearing member past said array. 29. Apparatus as in claim 28 further including means for governing the speed of movement of said image-bearing member. 30. Apparatus as in claim 21 wherein said moving means comprises belt means for frictionally engaging a surface of the image-bearing member and transporting said member into said proximity focusing relationship with juxtaposed light sensitive elements. 31. Apparatus as in claim 1 further including downstream processing means to which the electrical signals generated by said light sensitive elements are transmitted. 32. Apparatus as in claim 31 wherein the processing means are slected from the group consisting essentially of: a memory buffer, a display, a computer terminal, a monitor, a CAD-CAM system, or combinations thereof. 