A solar water heater comprises a tank formed from dark colored, heat absorbent material, with an adapter fitting depending from the bottom of the tank for demountably mounting the heater in the deck ring of a boat. An upstanding neck is formed at the top of the neck, defining a fill port for filling the tank. A vented closure member is demountably carried in the neck of the tank and a removable transparent cover member is provided for fitting over the neck and enclosing the tank so as to retard the escape of solar energy. An outlet passage is formed in the adapter fitting, and coupling means are provided for coupling a water distribution element to the tank in order to deliver heated water below the deck of the boat.
Claims I claim as my invention: 1. A solar water heater for mounting on a boat deck having a deck ring defining an axial bore, said heater comprising: (a) a tank including an upper shell portion formed from a dark colored, heat absorbent material, and a base plate secured to the bottom of said shell portion, said shell portion and said base plate cooperatively defining a water containment chamber; (b) a neck portion at the top of said tank, said neck portion defining a fill port through which liquids may enter said chamber; (c) vented closure means demountably secured to said neck for closing said fill port; (d) an adapter fitting depending from said base plate and engageable with the deck ring for demountably mounting said tank above the bore of the deck ring, said fitting defining water passage port means communicating with said water containment chamber; and (e) coupling means associated with said adapter fitting for coupling a water distribution element to said fitting. 2. The solar water heater of claim 1, further comprising: (a) a transparent cover member for enclosing said tank so as to retard the escape of solar energy therefrom; and (b) fastening means on the neck of said tank for demountably securing said cover member thereto. 3. The solar water heater of claim 1, in which said water passage port means in said adapter fitting comprises a central outlet passage for allowing liquid to exit from said tank. 4. The solar water heater of claim 3, in which said coupling means comprises a nipple depending from said adapter fitting and formed concentrically around said outlet passage, for demountably carrying a water distribution element. 5. The solar water heater of claim 1, in which said water passage port means comprises an inlet port and an outlet port, with coupling means being provided at said inlet port for coupling a fill hose thereto. 6. The solar water heater of claim 5, further comprising a normally closed valve member at said outlet port for shutting off the flow of liquid from said tank. 7. The solar water heater of claim 1, in which said adapter fitting comprises a boss member depending from said base plate, the outer surface of said boss member being adapted to tightly engage the inner surface of the deck ring. 8. A solar water heater for mounting on a boat deck having a deck ring defining an axial bore, said heater comprising: (a) a tank including an upper shell portion formed from a dark colored, heat absorbent material, and an enlarged base plate secured to the bottom of said shell portion, said shell and said base plate cooperatively defining a water containment chamber; (b) an upstanding hollow neck formed at the top of said tank, said neck portion defining a fill port through which liquids may enter said chamber; (c) vented closure means demountably carried in said neck; (d) a removable cover member for enclosing said tank, said cover member being formed of transparent material which is capable of admitting high amounts of solar radiation but which is virtually opaque to any longer wavelength energy reradiated from the tank; (e) an upstanding boss on said cover member, said boss defining a bore for engaging the outer surface of said neck when said cover is mounted on said tank; (f) an adapter fitting depending from said base plate and engageable with the deck ring for demountably mounting said tank above the bore of the deck ring, said fitting defining water passage port means communicating with said water containment chamber; and (g) coupling means associated with said adapter fitting for coupling a water distribution element to said fitting. 9. The solar water heater of claim 8, in which said water passage port means in said adapter fitting comprises a central outlet passage for allowing liquid to exit from said tank. 10. The solar water heater of claim 9, in which said coupling means comprises a nipple depending from said adapter fitting and formed concentrically around said outlet pasage, for demountably carrying a water distribution element. 11. The solar heater of claim 8, in which said water passage port means comprises an inlet port and an outlet port, with coupling means being provided at said inlet port for coupling a fill hose thereto. 12. The solar water heater of claim 11, further comprising a normally closed valve member at said outlet port for shutting off the flow of liquid from said tank. 13. The solar water heater of claim 7, in which said adapter fitting comprises a boss member depending from said base plate, the outer surface of said boss member being adapted to tightly engage the inner surface of the deck ring. 14. The solar water heater of claim 8, in which said enlarged base plate extends outwardly beyond the perimeter of said shell portion, defining a ledge for supporting the bottom edges of said cover member. 15. A water heating assembly comprising in combination: (a) a deck ring for mounting in a deck of a boat, said deck ring defining an axial bore; and (b) a solar water heater demountably mounted in said deck ring, said solar water heater including, (I) a tank including an upper shell portion formed from a dark colored, heat absorbent material, and a base plate secured to the bottom of said shell portion, said shell portion and said base plate cooperatively defining a water containment chamber, (II) an upstanding hollow neck formed at the top of said tank, said neck portion defining a fill port through which liquids may enter said chamber, (III) vented closure means demountably secured to said neck for closing said fill port; (IV) a removable cover member enclosing said tank, said cover member being formed of transparent material which is capable of admitting high amounts of solar radiation but which is virtually opaque to any longer wavelength energy reradiated from the tank; (V) an upstanding boss on said cover member defining a bore for surrounding said neck of said tank; and (VI) elements of a demountable interconnection on the neck of said tank and in said bore of said cover member for removably securing said cover to said tank; (VII) an adapter fitting depending from said base plate and extending into and engagable with the bore of said deck ring for demountably securing said tank thereto, said adapter fitting defining a port means in liquid communication with the water containment chamber of said tank; and (VIII) coupling means associated with the port means of said adapter fitting for coupling a water distribution element to said adapter fitting. 16. The water heating assembly of claim 15, further comprising sealing means mounted beneath the bottom surface of said base plate for preventing cooling due to air movement therebelow. 17. The water heating assembly of claim 15, and further comprising: (a) said adapter fitting having a boss depending from said base plate for demountably securing said tank to said deck ring; (b) said coupling means being a nipple depending from the boss of said adapter fitting for attachment of a water distribution element thereto which delivers hot water below the boat deck; (c) said port means being in the form of an axial passage extending through said boss and said nipple. 18. The water heating assembly of claim 15 and further comprising: (a) said adapter fitting having a boss depending from said base plate for demountably securing said tank to said deck ring; and (b) said port mean including an inlet port and an outlet port extending through said boss of said adapter fitting, said inlet port being provided with means for coupling a fill hose thereto, and said outlet port having said coupling means associated therewith and being provided with a normally closed valve member for shutting off the flow of liquid from said tank. 19. The solar water heater of claim 15, in which said enlarged base plate extends outwardly beyond the perimeter of said shell portion, defining a ledge for supporting the bottom edges of said cover member. 20. The water heating assembly of claim 15, further comprising a stop collar formed at the base of said neck for spacing said cover member an appropriate distance from said tank. 