The invention relates to a heating system of the type in which a radiator in a room has the flow of a heated fluid thereto from a central source such as a boiler controlled by a thermostatic valve. The valve normally has a sensor associated therewith to which the valve reacts which senses room temperature. An electrical heating resistor is positioned in close proximity to the sensor. A solar cell positioned as in a window so as to be impinged upon by rays of the sun is electrically connected to the heating resistor and the resulting current developed by the solar cell is utilized to effect a heating of the resistor which is related to the intensity and angle of the sun's rays. The heat generated by the resistor supplements the sensed room temperature so that the valve is operated in a way which takes into account the radiant energy to which a room is subjected by the sun.
Claims I claim: 1. A room heating system for a room that has a window exposed to the sun, comprising, a radiator, a thermostatic valve for controlling the flow of heated liquid to said radiator, said valve including sensor means for sensing the ambient room temperature and regulating the throttling of heated liquid flowing through the radiator, a heating resistor mounted adjacent to the sensor means for heating the sensor means when an electric current is applied thereto, a solar cell positioned by the window for being impinged upon by rays of the sun and only when impinged upon, produce an electric current, the solar cell being electrically connected to the heating resistor to apply electric current thereto and being the sole source of electric current to the resistor. 2. A room heating system according to claim 1 in that the the radiator is located immediately below the window. 3. A room heating system according to claim 1 in that the valve includes a valve housing and means for mounting the heating resistor on the housing. 4. A room heating system according to claim 1 in that the solar cell has light sensitive parts facing the window. 5. A room heating system according to claim 4 in that the solar cell is provided with a self layer for attachment to the window. 6. A room heating system according to claim 5, characterized in that said solar cell has an area of about 8 to 12 cm.sup.2. 