The security detection and location system includes a plurality of monitoring stations that are spaced from each other. Each monitoring station includes its own solar rechargeable battery, a receiver, an alarm circuit and a communications device such as a telephone dialer or a radio frequency (RF) transmitter. The security system operates in conjunction with a plurality of portable transmitters that can be actuated to transmit a distress signal by a person carrying one of the transmitters. When the portable transmitter issues a distress signal, the receiver in a monitoring station issues a command signal which activates two independent circuits, the alarm circuit and the communications circuit. The alarm circuit generates an audible sound in the locale of the monitoring station and the communications circuit sends a signal unique to that monitor to a central response or control unit.
Claims What we claim is: 1. A security detection and location system comprising: a portable control means for transmitting a distress signal; a plurality of stationary monitoring means disposed in spaced relation to one another along a monitored area for monitoring the transmission of a detection signal, each monitoring means including: a self contained power source, a receiver means coupled to said power source for receiving said distress signal and for generating an activation command signal and means for issuing a detection signal in the presence of said activation command signal; a local alarm generating means for generating a recognizable alarm approximate a respective one of said pluraltiy of monitoring means in the present of said activation command signal; each of said monitoring means including relay means for independently coupling said power source to said detection signal issuing mean and said local alarm generating means such that a failure of either one thereof does not affect the other one thereof; the detection signal issuing means an the local alarm generating means being independent of each other; a central response unit remote from said plurality of monitoring means and including recognizing means for recognizing the detection signal from any one of said plurality of monitoring means and wherein said detection signal is indicative of a location of said portable control means, and each of said plurality of monitoring means having a unique detection signal and wherein one or more of said plurality of monitoring means may concurrently communicate with said central processing unit when said distress signal from said portable control means is recieved by one or more of said monitoring means. 2. A security system as claimed in caim 1 including means for establishing a telecommunications link between said detection signal issuing means and the recognition means of said central response unit. 3. A security system as claimed in claim 2 wherein said detection signal issuing means is an automatic dialing means and said means for establishing a telecommunications link is a telephone link and the recognition means is a means for receiving said detection signal over said telephone link and generating a central alarm signal indicative of said security matter. 4. A security system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said local alarm generating means produces an audio and a visual alarm in the presence of said activation command. 5. A security system as claimed to claim 1 wherein said detection signal issuing means includes a radio frequency transmitter that transmits an RF signal as said detection signal and wherein said means for recognizing said detection signal in said central response unit includes an RF receiver means for receiving said RF signal and means for generating a response. 6. A security system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said receiver means includes means for delaying said activation command signal unit said distress signal is received substantially continuously or a predetermined period of time. 7. A security system as claimed in claim 6 wherein said receiver means includes a time-out means for generating and holding said activation command signal for predetermined time after delay by said means for delaying. 8. A security system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said power source is a rechargeable battery and said monitoring means includes a solar activated battery recharging means coupled to said rechargeable battery. 9. A security system as in claim 1 wherein each of said plurality of monitoring means comprises a dome housing secured to an upper end of an elongated, elevated support. 