A fully enclosed toy craft intended for both amusement and educational purposes having the ability to assume a multitude of forms with each form resembling a different type of vehicle. The craft's interior resembles a scaled down version of a commander's cabin in a real craft and includes, among other things, audio visual material, calculating apparatus, and an assortment of readout or instrumentation devices. In addition, an analog computer interacting with various items in the commander's cabin, in response to stimuli provided by the operator moving hand or foot control devices gives the operator the illusion of being in control of a real craft.
Claims We claim: 1. A toy craft intended for both amusement and educational purposes and adapted to assume a plurality of distinctive craft forms, comprising: a cocoon-like, full enclosure member having an interior and having external attachment means for the reception and detachment of sets of molded features, with each component of each of said sets being of a shape which, when in attachment with said enclosure member, gives the appearance of one of said distinctive craft forms, said enclosure member including a first portion and a second portion and attachment members for releasably securing said first portion to said second portion; an access door forming a portion of said enclosure member and permitting access between the outside of said enclosure member and said enclosure member interior, a seat within said enclosure member interior and fully adjustable with respect to said enclosure member; foot control means adjustably secured to the floor of said enclosure member interior; hand control means adjustably fixed within the interior of said full enclosure member; an external vision apparatus secured to the top of said enclosure member and having a first end extending into said enclosure member interior and a second end extending away from said enclosure member; a plurality of attitudinal instruments for providing attitudinal displays, said attitudinal instruments being within said enclosure member interior; and analog computer means interacting with said foot control means, said hand control means and said attitudinal instruments, such that manipulation of said hand and foot control means results in coordinated changes taking place in said attitudinal instruments. 2. A toy craft as recited in claim 1 further comprising a copilot's tandem module releasably attachable to said first portion when said second portion is detached therefrom. 3. A toy craft as recited in claim 1 further comprising an audio system panel releasably secured within said enclosure interior and including an audio system having various audio and video components. 4. A toy craft as recited in claim 3 further comprising console module means attaching said attitudinal instruments and said audio system panel within said enclosure member interior while allowing removal thereof easily without the requirement of tools. 5. A toy craft as recited in claim 1 further comprising a sliding work/study table slidably secured within said enclosure member. 6. A toy craft as recited in claim 1 wherein said external vision apparatus is adjustable with respect to said enclosure member. 7. A toy craft as recited in claim 1 further comprising a convenience panel releasably attached within said enclosure member interior, a phosphorescent penlight connected to said convenience panel, and a photovoltaic cell on said convenience panel, permitting generation of electrical energy for lighting the attitudinal instrument display by shining the penlight on the photovoltaic cell to develop an electric current. 8. A toy craft as recited in claim 1, further comprising a ventilation system having adjustment means for providing a varying amount of air into said enclosure member interior. 9. A toy craft as recited in claim 1 further comprising digital computer means within said enclosure member interior and including a computer keyboard panel, a computer processing unit, a memory and a computer monitor. 10. A toy craft as recited in claim 1 wherein at least one of said plurality of attitudinal displays includes a backlighted transparency display panel. 