A housing and telescoping arm are supported by a shaft pivot pivotally mounted in the ground. The telescoping arm includes a rotating rod actuator journalled for rotation in a bearing mounted atop the shaft. The rod includes a threaded portion extending longitudinally from the shaft to the gate. A traveling tubular member is mounted concentrically with the rod and includes a block having a threaded bore for receiving the threads of the rod. The arm is connected to the gate through a pinned connection between one end of the traveling member and a lower rail of the gate. Relative rotation between the rod an the traveling member is prevented by the pinned connection. As a result, the traveling member extends outwardly and retracts inwardly in response to the counter-clockwise and clockwise rotation respectively of the rod. A motor and transmission for driving the rod in rotation are mounted in the housing along with a motor control circuit. The motor control circuit receives a start switch signal and shuts the motor off after the gate has swung to either the open or closed positions by receiving a stop signal from a limit switch. The direction of the motor is reversed each time a signal is received from a limit switch so that the gate is alternately opened and closed by the apparatus. The apparatus can be used in areas not supplied with commercial power, since it is battery powered. A solar cell panel recharges the battery so that a completely self-sufficient operation is provided.
Claims I claim: 1. An opening and closing apparatus for a gate hingedly mounted for swinging between open and closed positions, comprising: pivot means for supporting an arm in rotation about a vertical axis above the ground, said pivot means being spaced apart from the gate and having a vertically extending shaft with upper and lower ends, said shaft being mounted for rotation about a vertical axis and having a flange mounting portion at said upper end; said arm being extendable along a longitudinal axis, having opposite ends, and including an intermediate bearing mounted on said flange mounting portion for rotation about a vertical axis therewith; said arm further including a rod having two opposite ends, a threaded portion at one end and being journaled between said ends for rotation in said bearing about said longitudinal axis, a traveling tubular portion having opposite ends and being mounted for movement along said longitudinal axis, and mounted concentrically on said rod, said traveling tubular portion having a block at one of said opposite ends including a threaded bore for engaging the threads of said threaded portion; a drive mechanism in a housing supported by said vertically extending shaft for driving said threaded potion in rotation about said longitudinal axis and including a reversible, motor, a belt driven pulley system having first and second pulleys and a transmission belt drivingly connecting said pulleys, said housing having frame means for supporting said reversible motor and said first pulley, said first pulley being mounted to said reversible motor, and said second pulley being mounted on second end of said rod for fixed rotation therewith, said reversible motor being drivingly connected with said threaded rod through said belt driven pulley system to drive said threaded rod in clockwise and counter-clockwise rotation; and means for connecting the second of said opposite ends of said traveling tubular portion to the gate to prevent rotational movement of said traveling member about said longitudinal axis while permitting pivotal movement between said traveling member and the gate when said threaded portion is rotated to drive said block and said traveling tubular portion along said threaded portion to extend or retract said traveling tubular portion along said longitudinal axis such that the gate is driven toward the open or closed positions. 2. The opening and closing apparatus as claimed in claim 1 further comprising solar cell panel means for generating electricity and battery storage means for storing the electricity generated by said solar panel means, the electricity being used for powering said reversible motor such that said gate opening and closing apparatus is functional in remote locations where commercially generated power is unavailable. 3. The opening and closing apparatus as claimed in claim 2, further comprising: a second housing having a through bearing for receiving said threaded rod, said threaded rod supporting said second housing, and a flange having a circular clamp for receiving said shaft of said pivot means for preventing said second housing from rotation about said rod. 4. An opening and closing apparatus as claimed in claim 3, further comprising: first and second stop collars fixed to said rod and positioned one on each side of said bearing for preventing said threaded rod from moving longitudinally with respect to said bearing; and an outer protective tubular member extending between said bearing and said one of said ends of said threaded portion, said outer tubular member being fixedly connected to said bearing and concentrically mounted with respect to said rod and having an inner dimension greater than the outer dimension of said traveling portion. 