A water temperature measuring device includes a temperature sensor which is located adjacent one end of an elongated member such as a hiking/wading staff or a fishing rod. A temperature readout device is located in the vicinity of the other end of the elongated member. The output of the temperature sensor is electrically coupled to the temperature readout device which is powered by an electric storage battery or a solar power supply contained in a handle of the hiking/wading staff or fishig rod. In another embodiment, the temperature readout device is located in a fishing reel which is mounted on the handle of the fishing rod. Mounting of the reel on the rod causes the making of electrical contact between the readout device and the temperature sensor and power source.
Claims I claim: 1. In a fishing rod comprising a shaft portion having a tip portion at one end and a handle portion at the other end, said handle portion comprising a grip segment and a reel mounting segment, and a reel removably mounted on said reel mounting segment, an improvement comprising: (a) temperature sensing means disposed adjacent said tip portion; (b) temperature readout means disposed in said reel; (c) first electrical contact means disposed in said reel, said first electrical contact means being electrically connected to said temperature readout means; (d) second electrical contact means disposed in said reel mounting segment, positioned in electrical contacting relationship with said first electrical contact means when said reel is mounted on said reel mounting segment; (e) an electrical power source; and (f) means for electrically interconnecting said temperature sensing means, said second electrical contact means and said electrical power source. 2. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 1 wherein said temperature sensing means comprises a thermocouple. 3. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 2 temperature readout means comprises a liquid crystal 4. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 2 wherein said temperature readout means comprises a light emitting diode display. 5. A fishing rod in accordance with claim 2 wherein said electrical power source comprises an electric storage battery removably disposed in a battery compartment in said handle portion. 6. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 2 wherein said electrical power source comprises a solar power source. 7. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 6 wherein said solar power source comprises at least one solar cell disposed in said grip segment of said handle portion. 8. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 2 wherein said electrical power source comprises: (a) a rechargeable electric storage battery removably disposed in a battery compartment in said handle portion; and (b) a solar power source adapted to recharge said rechargeable electric storage battery 9. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 8 wherein said solar power source comprises at least one solar cell disposed in said grip segment of said handle portion. 