A solar collection device and method including a corrugated front surface and a plurality of fins for refracting and concentrating solar radiation on a photovoltaic cell. The device uses a clear material to refract and concentrate solar radiation and conductively cool the system. A modular system of solar collecting devices which employs a plurality of devices connected to one another to provide a large power output, simple assembly, replaceability, and expandibility is also disclosed.
Claims I claim: 1. A photovoltaic device for converting solar radiation to electrical energy, comprising a collector member having two side edges, a top end, a bottom end, a front side which comprises a corrugated surface that refracts radiation, a rear side which comprises a plurality of fins protruding outwardly from said collector member, said front and rear sides acting in cooperation to refract and concentrate radiation, and at least one photovoltaic cell being adapted to receive and convert solar radiation to electrical energy mounted at one end of said collector member in a position such that at least some of the radiation refracted and concentrated by said collector member will impinge on said photovoltaic cell. 2. A photovoltaic device as claimed in claim 1 further comprising a reflective surface enclosing said rear side of said collector member to prevent escape of solar radiation from said collector member. 3. A photovoltaic device as claimed in claim 2 further comprising a means for supporting said collector member in a generally upright position. 4. A photovoltaic device as claimed in claim 3 further comprising a second photovoltaic device as claimed in claim 3 and a reflective sheet attached between an aligned pair of said photovoltaic devices, extending from the top of said rear side of a first collector member to the bottom of said front side of a second collector member which reflects solar radiation to said front side of said second collector member. 5. A photovoltaic device as claimed in claim 4 further comprising a pair of substantially triangular members attached between an aligned pair of said photovoltaic devices, said triangular members extending from the top of the side edges of a first collector member to the top and bottom of the side edges of a second collector member, said triangular members being adapted to refract solar radiation impinging thereon in a manner such that at least some of the solar radiation is caused to impinge on said front side of said second collector member. 6. A photovolatic device as claimed in claim 3 wherein said means for supporting comprises: an external frame, and a means for attaching at least one of said collector members to said external frame. 7. A photovoltaic device as claimed in claim 1 wherein said front side further comprises a plurality of faces which refract radiation impinging on said faces such that most of the radiation refracted by said first side above the lowest fin impinges on at least one of said fins. 8. A photovoltaic device as claimed in claim 1 wherein at least one of said fins further comprises at least one curved surface which concentrates radiation. 9. A modular apparatus useful for converting solar radiation to electrical energy comprising: an external frame, a plurality of attachment members having at least one aperture therein attached to said external frame including means for connecting said collector members to each other, means for electrically connecting said collector members to each other, a plurality of photovoltaic devices as claimed in claim 1 wherein said devices further comprise at least one protruding member which fits into said aperture in said attachment members to secure said photovoltaic devices to said attachment members in a releasable manner, and a means for electrically connecting said photovoltaic cells to said collector members in parallel. 10. An apparatus as claimed in claim 9 further comprising a reflective surface enclosing each of said rear sides of said collector members to prevent escape of solar radiation from said collector members. 11. An apparatus as claimed in claim 10 further comprising a plurality of reflective sheets each of which is attached between an aligned pair of said photovoltaic devices, extending from the tops of said rear sides of first collector members to the bottom of said front sides of second collector members, which reflect solar radiation to said front side of said second collector member. 12. An apparatus as claimed in claim 11 further comprising a plurality of pairs of substantially triangular members each pair being attached between an aligned pair of said photovoltaic devices extending from the tops of said side edges of first collector members to the top and bottom of the side edges of second collector members, said triangular members being adapted to refract solar radiation impinging thereon in a manner such that at least some of the refracted solar radiation is caused to impinge on said front side of said second collector member or on said reflective sheet. 13. An apparatus as claimed in claim 9 wherein said external frame is pivotally mounted. 14. A method of converting solar radiation to electrical energy comprising mounting at least one photovoltaic device comprising a collector member having two side edges, a top end, a bottom end, a front side which comprises a corrugated surface that refracts radiation, a rear side which comprises a plurality of fins protruding outwardly from said collector member, said front and rear sides acting in cooperation to refract and concentrate radiation, and at least one photovoltaic cell being adapted to receive and convert solar radiation to electrical energy mounted at one end of said collector member in a position such that at least some of the radiation refracted and concentrated by said collector member will impinge on said photovoltaic cell, in a position wherein solar radiation will impinge upon said front side of said collector member, and electrically connecting said photovoltaic device to an apparatus which consumes or stores electrical energy. 15. A method as claimed in claim 14 wherein a plurality of said photovoltaic devices are mounted in a position wherein solar radiation will impinge upon said front sides of said collector members further comprising the step of electrically connecting said photovoltaic devices in series. 16. A method as claimed in claim 15 further comprising the step of positioning said photovoltaic devices in a position which substantially maximizes the quantity of solar radiation impinging on said front sides of said collector members. 17. A method as claimed in claim 16 wherein said step of positioning said photovoltaic devices comprises aiming said front faces of said photovoltaic devices at the approximate position of the sun at approximately noon, and tilting said front faces of said photovoltaic devices at an angle to the vertical, wherein said angle depends on the season of the year. 18. A method as claimed in claim 17 further comprising thestep of convering said rear side of said collector member with a reflective surface to prevent escape of solar radiation from said collector member. 19. A method as claimed in claim 18 further comprising the step of attaching a reflective sheet between an aligned pair of said photovoltaic devices, which reflects solar radiation to said front side of said second collector member, said sheet being attached to the top of said rear sides of first collector members and to the bottom of said front sides of second collector members. 20. A method as claimed in claim 19 further comprising the step of attaching a pair of substantially triangular members between an aligned pair of said photovoltaic devices, said members being attached to the top of the side edges of first collector members and to the top and bottom of the side edges of second collector members, said triangular members being adapted to refract solar radiation impinging thereon in a manner such that at least some of the solar radiation is caused to impinge on said front faces of said second collector members. 