A removable screen adapted to be attached to the interior of a vehicular windshield and configured to cover and correspond thereto for inhibiting the transfer of heat, solar energy, ultraviolet radiation and the like through the windshield into the interior of the associated vehicle. The removable screen includes a flexible sheet having dimensions corresponding to the vehicular windshield which is composed of a metallized plastic film, and means for removably mounting the flexible sheet of the interior of the windshield. The flexible sheet may be composed of multiple layers of the metallized plastic film which are joined to define at least one sealed air pocket. The metallized plastic film employed is essentially impervious to the transfer of air in addition to the transfer of heat and ultraviolet energy.
Claims Having thus described the present invention, what is claimed is: 1. A removable screen adapted to be mounted on the interior of a windshield for inhibiting the transfer of heat, solar energy, ultraviolet radiation and the like through a windshield into the interior of the associated vehicle comprising: (a) a flexible sheet having an upper edge, a lower edge and two opposed side edges defining a continuous outer peripheral edge, the flexible sheet adapted to correspond in size to the associated windshield, the flexible sheet having a plurality of individual sheets of metallized nylon plastic film joined in overlying relationship to one another and defining at least one sealed air pocket positioned between the individual sheets; and at least one air tight seam located adjacent to the outer peripheral edge; and (b) means for removably mounting the flexible sheet to the interior of the windshield. 2. The removable screen of claim 1 wherein the metallized plastic film is selected from the group consisting of metallized nylon, metallized polyester, metallized polypropylene, metallized polyethylene, metallized polycarbonate, metallized polysulfonate, and mixtures thereof. 3. The removable screen of claim 2 wherein the metallized plastic film comprises: a polymeric substrate layer, the polymeric substrate selected from the group consisting of nylon, polyester, polypropylene, polyethylene, polycarbonate, polysulfonate and mixtures thereof; a metallic layer deposited on the polymeric substrate, and a polymeric coating overlying the metallic layer, the coating consisting of nylon, polyester, polyethylene, polycarbonate, polysulfonate and mixtures thereof. 4. The removable screen of claim 3 wherein the polymeric substrate is nylon and the polymeric coating is polyethylene. 5. The removable screen of claim 1 wherein each individual sheet of metallized plastic film has a highly reflective side and a less highly reflective side, the individual sheets oriented such that the highly reflective side of the respective sheets are positioned facing inwardly toward the sealed air pocket. 6. The removable screen of claim 5 wherein the flexible sheet further comprises: a plurality of heat-fusion seams spaced parallel to each other and located adjacent to the outer peripheral edge. 7. The removable screen of claim 6 wherein the metallized plastic film is selected from the group consisting of metallized nylon, metallized polyester, metallized polypropylene, metallized polyethylene, metallized polycarbonate, metallized polysulfonate, and mixtures thereof. 8. The removable screen of claim 7 wherein the metallized plastic film comprises a thermoplastic polymeric coating capable of melting to form a fusion seam upon application of localized heat thereto. 9. The removable screen of claim 1 wherein the flexible sheet comprises: a pair of individual sheets of metallized plastic film sealably joined together in overlying relationship; at least one air tight seam running continuously along the outer peripheral edge of the flexible sheet; a sealed air pocket defined by the sealably joined individual sheets. 10. The removable screen of claim 9 wherein the mounting means comprises: a plurality of individual fasteners comprising pairs of interconnectable fabric strips of the knit loop and hook type, the fasteners positioned such that the flexible sheet overlays the interior surface of the windshield. 11. The removable screen of claim 10 wherein the mounting means comprises: a plurality of individual fasteners constructed from pairs of interconnectable fabric strips of the knit loop and hook type. 12. The removable screen of claim 11 wherein an individual fastener is positioned proximate to the air tight seam at junctions between the upper edge and the two opposed side edges and at junctions between the lower edge and the two opposed side edges. 13. The removable screen of claim 4 wherein the flexible sheet is a single sheet of the metallized plastic film having a thickness between about 10 and about 15 microns. 14. A removable screen adapted to be mounted on the interior of a windshield for inhibiting the transfer of heat, solar energy, ultraviolet radiation and the like through the windshield into the interior of the associated vehicle comprising: (a) a flexible sheet constructed of a plurality of individual sheets of metallized plastic film selected from the group consisting of metallized nylon, metallized polypropylene, metallized polyethylene, metallized polycarbonate, metallized polysulfonate and mixtures thereof, the plurality of individual sheets joined in overlying relationship to one another and defining at least one sealed air pocket positioned between the individual sheets; and (b) means for removably mounting the flexible sheet to the interior of the windshield, the mounting means composed of pairs of interconnectable fabric strips of the knit loop and hook type. 