A solar powered electric clock of the type configured as a traditional 400-day clock with a torsional pendulum includes a housing in which the clockworks, dial face and hands are disposed. The housing is supported over a base by means of vertical columns. Solar cells are mounted in a top surface of the base, along with a storage capacitor. No battery is required. A radio signal receiver mechanism for setting the time in response to external radio signals can be provided and mounted in the housing or base. A pendulum drive mechanism can be mounted in the housing or base. The clockworks is driven by a motor which can be mounted in the housing or base.
Claims What we claim is: 1. A clock comprising: a housing containing a dial face and hands, and a clockwise mechanism for driving said hands, a support base, vertical column means mounting said housing on said base at a location spaced above said base, a decorative non-timekeeping pendulum depending downwardly from said housing and disposed within an area between said housing and said base, drive means operably connected to said pendulum and said clockworks and including solar cells mounted in said base for generating electrical drive energy, and an electrical storage capacitor disposed in said base and electrically connected to said solar cells, and a radio receiver disposed in said base and operably connected to said drive means for receiving coded radio signals indicative or actual time and for delivering to said drive means a time correction signal in accordance with a difference between actual time and the time indicated by said hands. 2. A clock according to claim 1, wherein said base including an upwardly facing, horizontal top surface, said solar cells disposed in said top surface. 3. A clock according to claim 2, wherein said column means comprises a plurality of spaced-apart columns arranged in an arcuate pattern. 4. A clock according to claim 3, including a transparent glass hood overlying said housing and seated on said base in a manner enclosing said housing, said pendulum, and said solar cells. 5. A clock according to claim 1, wherein said drive means further includes a motor connected to said clockworks and powered by said solar cells. 6. A clock according to claim 1, wherein said pendulum comprises a torsional pendulum which rotates about a vertical shaft, said pendulum drive mechanism including drive transmitting means extending through said shaft and operably connected to said clockworks for driving the latter. 7. A clock according to claim 1 including a radio receiving antenna mounted in said base. 8. A clock according to claim 1, wherein said pendulum comprises a torsional pendulum rotatable about a vertical axis. 9. A clock comprising: a housing containing a dial face and hands, and a clockworks mechanism for driving said hands, a support base having a horizontally disposed, upwardly facing surface, vertical column means mounting said housing on said base at a location spaced above said surface, a decorative non-timekeeping pendulum depending downwardly from said housing and disposed within a vertical area between said housing and said surface, drive means operably connected to said pendulum and said clockworks and including solar cells carried by said base for generating electrical drive energy, and an electrical storage capacitor disposed in said base and electrically connected to said solar cells, a radio receiver disposed in said base and operably connected to said drive means for receiving coded radio signals indicative of actual time and for emitting a time-correction signal to said drive means in accordance with a difference between actual time and the time indicated by said hands, said solar cells disposed in said horizontal surface such that said pendulum overlies said solar cells, and a transparent glass hood enclosing said housing, said column means, said pendulum, said solar cells, and said hood seated on said base. 10. A clock according to claim 9, wherein said pendulum comprises a torsional pendulum mounted on a vertical shaft, upper and lower ends of said shaft rotatably mounted in said housing and surface, respectively, said solar cells spaced from said shaft, said drive means operably connected to said shaft to rotate said shaft. 