A roller-type map or shade holder is provided which is operated by an electric motor. In one embodiment, a simple drive clutch arrangement decouples the motor drive shaft from the map roller when the map is fully unwound or rewound.
Claims Having thus described a preferred and alternate embodiments of the present invention, what is claimed is: 1. A self-contained motor-driven housing for mounting and rotating a map or other sheet-like article, comprising: a roller for mounting the article; a substantially enclosed housing supporting the roller within the housing for rotation about the longitudinal axis thereof, said housing having an axial opening for permitting unwinding and rewinding of the article therethrough; and a motor, powered by use of a battery mounted within the housing and being operatively coupled to the roller for reversibly rotating the roller about said longitudinal axis to wind and unwind the article. 2. The motor-driven holder of claim 1 wherein the motor comprises a drive shaft which is operatively connected to the roller by a friction coupling so that upon reaching a predetermined rotational torque level, as when the article is unwound or fully rewound, the roller is decoupled from rotation with the motor. 3. The motor-driven map holder of claim 2 wherein the motor is battery powered. 4. The motor-driven map holder of claim 2 wherein the motor is powered by one or more solar cells. 5. A motor-driven holder for a map or other sheet-like article, comprising: a roller for mounting the map; a substantially enclosed housing having first and second ends and having a door formed at one end thereof, said door having mounting means for supporting the roller for rotation about the longitudinal axis thereof, said housing also having an axial opening for permitting unwinding and rewinding of the map therethrough; said housing further including a motor located in the second end thereof, said motor comprising a drive shaft which is operatively connected to the roller by friction coupling and being operatively coupled to and mounting the second end of the roller for reversibly rotating the roller about the longitudinal axis to unwind and rewind the map, so that upon reaching a predetermined rotational torque level, as when the map is fully rewound and unwound, the roller is decoupled from rotation with the motor; and wherein the housing further comprises means for mounting a power source within the housing and coupling the power source to the motor to rotate the motor. 6. A motor-driven holder for a map or other sheet-like article, comprising: a roller for mounting the map; a substantially enclosed housing having first and second ends and having first door formed at one end thereof, said door having mounting means for supporting the roller for rotation about the longitudinal axis thereof, said housing also having an axial opening for permitting unwinding and rewinding of the map therethrough and having a second door formed generally to extend along the longitudinal axis of the roller for providing access to the roller and defining the slit in said housing when closed; said housing further including a motor located in the second end thereof, said motor and being operatively coupled to and mounting the second end of the roller for reversibly rotating the roller about the longitudinal axis to unwind and rewind the map; and wherein the housing further comprises means for mounting a power source within the housing and coupling the power source to the motor to rotate the motor. 