A solar-energy collector has an absorber (5, 31) located in the bottom of a box-like casing, which includes a cover plate (1) which is permeable to solar radiation. The casing encloses a dry gas, to thereby avoid condensation in the solar-energy collector. The casing is hermetically sealed and contains a constant quantity of gas. The cover plate is movably suspended in a resilient frame (2, 20) which forms part of the casing and which permits movement of the cover plate in a direction perpendicular to the plane thereof in response to changes in gas temperature. This enables harmful pressure variations to be avoided in the collector, and the cover plate rests, well protected, on an elastically resilient cushion of gas.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar energy collector, comprising: (a) a tray-like casing having a planar bottom wall and relatively low side walls upstanding therefrom, (b) a generally planar energy absorber unit (5 31) disposed within the casing overlying the bottom wall thereof, (c) a planar, substantially rigid cover plate (1) pervious to solar radiation and disposed overlying the energy absorber unit, and (d) resilient, gas impervious, suspension mounting and sealing means (2 20) forming a part of the casing and extending continuously between an outer peripheral edge portion of the cover plate to which a peripheral edge portion of said suspension mounting and sealing means is sealingly joined, and a surrounding edge portion of the side walls to define, in cooperation with the cover plate, a hermetically sealed chamber, a dry gas, preferably nitrogen, filling said sealed chamber said peripheral edge portion of said suspension mounting and sealing means together with said peripheral edge of the cover plate being free and unrestrained against movement perpendicular to the plane of the cover plate, and said means being configured to enable substantial bi-directional movement of said cover plate perpendicular to the plane thereof without any deflection of said cover plate to compensate, without any significant gas pressure change, for volumetric expansions and contractions of the dry gas within the chamber due to temperature changes. 2. A solar energy collector according to claim 1, wherein the suspension mounting and sealing means comprises a bellows member (2) extending upwardly from said edge portion of the side walls, a lower edge of the bellows member being sealingly joind to said edge portion of the side walls and an upper edge of the bellows member being sealingly joined to said outer peripheral edge of the cover plate. 3. A solar energy collector according to claim 1, wherein the suspension mounting and sealing means comprises a planar frame member (20) having an outer peripheral edge sealingly joined to an upper edge of an upstanding edge portion of said side walls and an inner peripheral edge sealingly joined to said outer peripheral edge portion of the cover plate, said frame member having a width substantially greater than a thickness thereof and extending inwardly over the casing bottom wall and being coplanar therewith. 4. A solar energy collector according to claims 1, 2 or 3, wherein the absorber unit (5) is integrated with a bottom portion of the casing, which has an inner surface selectively treated for the absorption of solar energy. 5. A solar-energy collector according to claim 4, wherein the resilient suspension mounting and sealing means (2, 20) is made of rubber and has a layer (14) of diffusion-proof material on the inside thereof. 