A bird feeder having a movable perch that is coupled to a scale or weight indicator to provide the weight of a bird that rests on the perch adjacent the feeder for permitting the study of bird feeding habits and weight. The scale can be used with different types of weighing mechanisms, but upon lighting on the perch, a signal is provided to sound an alarm, and/or give an indication that a bird has alighted, and then to provide a weight signal that can be on a meter or a chart recorder, or the like.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a bird feeder assembly having a frame, and a supply of bird feed thereon, with a station at which a bird may eat, the improvement comprising: a perch member; means coupled to said perch member for mounting the perch member to the feeder and to urge the perch member to a reference position, the means coupled being selected to permit the weight of a bird on the perch member to cause the perch member to move at a known relationship to the weight of the bird on the perch member; scale means coupled to the perch member providing an output signal substantially proportional to the movement of the perch member for indicating the weight of a bird on the perch member, said scale means including a pivoting lever coupled to the perch member, and having a lever end that moves in a direct proportion to the amount of movement of the perch member when a bird alights thereon; and means coupled to said lever for providing an output voltage substantially proportional to the movement of the lever. 2. The apparatus as specified in claim 1 wherein said means coupled to said lever comprises a shutter movably mounted between a light source and a solar cell and positioned to uncover the solar cell as a function of the movement of the perch member, said solar cell providing output voltages proportional to the light received thereby. 3. The apparatus as specified in claim 1 and alarm means responsive to the movement of said perch member when a bird alights thereon to provide a signal for indicating that a bird has moved the perch member. 4. The apparatus as specified in claim 3 and a control box for housing at least portions of said scale means mounted on said bird feeder frame. 5. A bird feeder and bird weighing device combination comprising a bird feeder having a frame, feed support means on the frame for supporting feed for birds, perch means mounted on said frame adjacent the feed support means, said perch means being mounted for movement relative to the frame along a substantially upright path, means for biasing said perch means upwardly along said path, said means for biasing comprising spring means that deflects substantially linearly with respect to the weight of a bird on the perch means to permit the perch means to move against the force of the spring responsive to the amount of deflection of said spring and means responsive to the amount of deflection of said spring and the movement of said perch means for determining the weight of a bird on the perch means, said scale means including a lever coupled to the perch means and pivotally mounted on the bird feeder, said spring being coupled to the lever, said lever being coupled to means for changing the voltage of a solar cell to indicate movement of the perch means. 6. The bird feeder of claim 5 and a stop member for stopping movement of said perch means upwardly under the urging of said spring at a desired position. 