A method and apparatus for locating and evaluating surface and subsurface anomalies by detecting, monitoring or measuring transient or local variations respectively which occur in an alternating component of a vertical current having a frequency characteristic which emanates from the earth'surface in the region being monitored or measured. For locating fixed anomalies, local variations which occur in the amplitude, frequency and frequency modulation of the alternating component of the vertical current are measured. For detecting the passage of moving or transient anomalies, a stationary detector is positioned to detect any change in the vertical alternating current leakage in the vicinity of the detector which is caused by a moving or transient anomaly such as a submerged submarine, seismic activity, or sustained severe wheather. For accuracy enhancement and redundancy, simultaneous measurements of the signal strength in multiple frequency bands may be used.
Claims We claim: 1. A method of monitoring a transient phenomenon occurring on or beneath the surface of the earth and in the vicinity of a location of interest, comprising the steps of: positioning a detector at said location; measuring with said detector, an alternating component of a generally vertical current having a frequency characteristic which emanates from the earth in the vicinity of said location; monitoring said alternating component of the generally vertical current emanating from the earth for variations indicative of the occurrence of said phenomenon; correlating said variation with data indicative of said phenomenon to determine the occurrence of said phenomenon. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein said transient phenomena comprises a vessel passing in the vicinity of said location. 3. The method of claim 2 whereas said vessel comprises a submerged submarine. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein said transient phenomenon comprises a subsurface seismic event. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein said transient phenomenon comprises a weather disturbance. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein the step of measuring further comprises measuring variations which occur in a frequency of said generally vertical current emanating from the earth. 7. The method of claim 6 wherein the step of measuring further measuring variations which occur in an amplitude of said generally vertical current emanating from the earth. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein the step of measuring further comprises measuring local variations which occur in an amplitude of said generally vertical current emanating from the earth. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein the step of measuring further comprises measuring variations which occur in a frequency modulation of said generally vertical current emanating from the earth. 10. The method of claim 1 wherein the step of measuring further comprises measuring local variations which occur in a frequency modulation of said generally vertical current emanating from the earth. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein the step of measuring further comprises measuring local variations which occur in said frequency characteristic of said generally vertical current emanating from the earth. 12. The method of claim 11 wherein the step of measuring further comprises the step of measuring local variations which occur in an amplitude of said generally vertical current emanating from the earth. 13. The method of claim 1 further comprising the step of monitoring solar activity and evaluating the measured alternating component of the generally vertical current in accordance with said solar activity. 14. The method of claim 12 further comprising the step of monitoring solar activity and evaluating the measured alternating component of the generally vertical current in accordance with said solar activity. 15. A method of monitoring a transient phenomenon comprising: receiving, with an antenna, signals indicative of an alternating component of a generally vertical current emanating from the earth; filtering said signals into at least two frequency bands; time averaging the signals within each of said at least two frequency bands; processing said time-averaged signals with data corresponding to said phenomenon to thereby indicate the occurrence of said transient phenomenon. 16. The method of claim 15 further comprising the step of measuring auxiliary environmental phenomena, and wherein the step of processing further comprises evaluating the time averaged signals in view of the measured auxiliary environmental phenomena. 17. The method of claim 15 further comprising the step of amplifying said signals indicative of the alternating component of the generally vertical current prior to the step of filtering. 18. The method of claim 15 wherein said step of time averaging further comprises the steps of rectifying and averaging over a time period T.sub.i, the signals in each of said frequency bands. 19. The method of claim 18 wherein the time period T.sub.i is less than a time period over which said transient phenomenon occurs, and said step of processing further comprises averaging said rectified and averaged signals in each frequency band over a period t.sub.i, where t.sub.i is greater than T.sub.i, and then comparing the signals time averaged over T.sub.i with the signals time averaged over t.sub.i wherein t.sub.i is at least on the order of the time period over which said transient phenomenon occurs. 20. The method of claim 19 wherein the step of processing further comprises outputting a signal from each frequency band whenever the signal time averaged over T.sub.i is greater than the signal time averaged over t.sub.i by more than a threshold value, and combining output signals from said frequency bands together. 21. The method of claim 20 further comprising the step of measuring auxiliary environmental phenomena, and wherein the step of processing further comprises combining a signal representative of the measured auxiliary environmental variables with the time averaged signals. 22. The method of claim 18 wherein said step of processing further comprises converting the rectified and averaged signals into digital signals and processing said signals in a digital computer programmed to identify the transient phenomenon. 23. An apparatus for detecting the occurrence of a transient phenomenon comprising: means for receiving a signal indicative of an alternating component of a generally vertical current emanating from the earth; means connected to said receiving means for filtering said signal into a plurality of signals corresponding to a plurality of frequency bands; means connected to said filtering means for time averaging the signals in each of said frequency bands; means connected to said time averaging means for processing the time-averaged signals with data corresponding to said phenomenon to thereby indicate the occurrence of the transient phenomenon. 24. The apparatus of claim 23 wherein said receiving means comprises an antenna. 25. The apparatus of claim 24 wherein said receiving means further comprises means for amplifying said signal. 26. The apparatus of claim 23 wherein said filtering means comprises a plurality of band-pass filters corresponding to said plurality of frequency bands. 27. The apparatus of claim 23 further comprising a corrective signal generator for measuring auxiliary environmental variables and generating a corrective signal therefrom to said processing means. 28. The apparatus of claim 23 wherein said time averaging means comprises a rectifier means for rectifying and time averaging over an averaging period T.sub.i, each of said plurality of signals, wherein the time period T.sub.i is less than a time period over which the transient phenomena occurs. 29. The apparatus of claim 28 wherein the processing means further comprises means for averaging said rectified and time averaged signals over an averaging period t.sub.i, where t.sub.i is greater than T.sub.i and means for comparing the signals time averaged over the period T.sub.i with the signals time averaged over the period t.sub.i, wherein the period t.sub.i is at least on the order of the time period over which said transient phenomenon occurs. 30. The apparatus of claim 29 wherein said comparing means produces an output signal from each frequency band whenever the signal time averaged over T.sub.i is greater than the signal time averaged over t.sub.i by more than a threshold value, and said processing means further comprises means for combining the output signals from said frequency bands together. 31. The apparatus of claim 30 further comprising a corrective signal generator operable to monitor auxiliary variables and to generate therefrom a corrective signal to said combining means. 32. The apparatus of claim 28 wherein said processing means further comprises an analog to digital converter connected to rectifier means, and a digital computer connected to receive input signals from said analog to digital converter and programmed to identify a transient phenomenon from said input signals. 