Combination hydrocarbon and water level sensor systems for use in connection with underground storage sites, such as gasoline storage tanks, industrial waste sites, and the like, with a solar cell power source and an LCD display located above ground and providing directly viewable indication of the presence or absence in the underground environment of "HYDROCARBON" and/or "WATER", with the absence of such being indicated by "OK". In the preferred form, a pod containing an adsorptive type hydrocarbon gas sensor and a galvanic cell type liquid water sensor is suspended by electrical cable means from a well cap in which the solar cell and LCD display are installed.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A low-power, combination hydrocarbon and water level sensor system for use to monitor the underground environment in connection with an underground storage tank, industrial waste site, or the like, said system comprising: a sensor pod including an adsorptive gas vapor sensor for hydrocarbon detection and a galvanic cell for liquid water detection, a solar cell, and electrical circuitry powered by said solar cell and including an LCD display indicating the conditions of said gas vapor sensor and said galvanic cell, said sensor pod being locatable in the underground environment and said solar cell being located for direct above ground exposure so as to be operable by above ground light and said LCD display being located so as to be directly viewable from above ground. 2. For use in combination with an underground tank which includes a well pipe or standpipe adjacent the tank and extending from an upper location near ground level to a lower location near the bottom of the tank, a combination hydrocarbon and water level sensor system arranged to monitor the presence or absence of hydrocarbon vapor and liquid water in the region near the bottom of the well pipe or standpipe, said system comprising a sensor pod including a hydrocarbon gas vapor sensor means providing an electrical output which is variable responsive to the presence or absence of such vapor, and a galvanic cell for liquid water detection, such pod including openings therein providing means for ingress and egress of gas and water, a well cap fittable at the top of the well-pipe or standpipe, electrical cable means suspending said sensor pod from said well cap, an LCD display at said upper location providing a visual output of the state of said gas vapor sensor and said galvanic cell, and a solar cell at said upper location for powering said gas vapor sensor and said galvanic cell. 3. A sensor system according to claim 2, wherein said solar cell comprises an amorphous silicon solar cell. 4. A sensor system according to claim 2 wherein said galvanic cell comprises zinc and carbon electrodes. 5. A sensor system according to claim 2, wherein said gas vapor sensor is of the gas adsorptive type. 6. A sensor system according to claim 2, wherein said LCD display is a part of said well cap. 7. A sensor system according to claim 2, wherein said solar cell is a part of said well cap. 8. A sensor system according to claim 2, wherein said LCD display and said solar cell are arranged for viewing in the top portion of said well cap, said solar cell is an amorphous silicon solar cell having an operative output of about three volts, and wherein the electrical circuitry receiving input from the sensors and controlling the LCD display comprises C/MOS components. 9. A system according to claim 8, wherein the LCD display comprises a visual showing of the letters "HYDROCARBON" when the gas vapor sensor senses hydrocarbon gas in the well-pipe, "WATER" when the galvanic cell senses liquid water in the well-pipe, and "OK" when neither hydrocarbon gas nor liquid water is present in the sensor pod. 