A solar module mounting arrangement having a frame is composed of a plurality of components in a predetermined shape or profile. The solar modules in the frame are able to be secured so as to be stable over the long term and in a dense packing arrangement having the smallest possible space requirement. An angle bracket (2) provided with a mounting means (5) which serves to attach the solar module to a support base is arranged between at least two adjacent components (3) of the frame. A corner of the compound solar module (4) between the adjacent components (3) of the frame is provided with a recess (15). In this way, the angle bracket (2) is arranged in such a manner that a plurality of such solar modules can be arranged one beside another without spacing (dead space) between the solar modules.
Claims We claim: 1. Apparatus for a planar solar module including means for mounting said solar module to a support base, the apparatus comprising: four elongated frame members and four joining members, each joining member in the form of an angle bracket being disposed between two adjacent elongated frame members, and each angle bracket having a single aperture for mounting said solar module to a support base, the aperture passing completely through the angle bracket in a direction perpendicular to the plane of said solar module, and each angle bracket also having two projection means extending in an orientation parallel to the plane of said solar module, each one of said two projections means engaging one of the the two adjacent elongated frame members, said two projections means defining an angle therebetween, and securing means for attaching each elongated frame member to one of the two projections means to provide an angular orientation between the two adjacent elongated frame members commonly secured to an angle bracket corresponding to said angle. 2. Apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein the securing means associated with the projection means includes a threaded aperture and each elongated frame member has a corresponding aperture to enable each elongated frame member to be secured to each projection means via a screw. 3. Apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein each angle bracket includes a passage for the discharge of water. 4. Apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein each angle bracket includes a support projection located so that the single aperture for mounting the solar module passes through the support projection. 