There is disclosed a portable fan device including atomizing means associated therewith, particularly adapted for cooling sunbathers. The device is formed by a base which is adapted to contain a source of fluid, an intermediate neck portion extending upwardly from the base and terminating in a head portion, the head portion carrying a fan and atomizing means associated therewith. The portable electrical means, such as a battery pack, are carried in the base, and electrically wired to the fan with a switch interposed in said circuit in order to permit the fan to be actuated to blow air. The atomizing means is positioned in the head portion immediately below the fan means and may be manually manipulated in order to create a mist which blows out immediately in the path of the fan. The subject fan device permits the user to actuate the fan and the atomizing means at any given time in order to create a misting cooling effect, especially in the environment of sunbathing.
Claims I claim: 1. A self-contained portable fan device including atomizing means for atomizing a liquid carried therein comprising in combination, a base, an intermediate neck portion mounted on said base at a lower end and extending upwardly therefrom, terminating in an upper end, said intermediate neck portion framed by a flexible tubular member, said upper end of said neck portion carrying a head portion mounted thereon, said head portion including an open front face having a baffle vent mounted therein, fan means mounted within said head portion adjacent and in the direction of said open front face and rearward of said baffle vent, said baffle vent being positioned forwardly of said fan means and above said atomizing means, said atomizing means being mounted within said head portion in operative relation with said fan means, said base adapted to contain a source of fluid therein, said source of fluid being in fluid communication with said atomizing means and including vacuum means associated therewith for moving fluid from said source of fluid to said atomizing means, said fan device provided with self-contained electrical means including switch means associated therewith, said electrical means comprises battery means electrically wired to said fan means through said switch means and being removably mounted within said device, thereby to alternatively activate and deactivate said fan means, whereby said fan means may be activated by said electrical means via said switch means while simultaneously, said vacuum means may be activated to move fluid from said fluid source to said atomizing means and dispense the same therefrom thereby to create a fan blown misting effect. 2. The portable fan device as set forth in claim 1 above, wherein said fan means comprises a fan and a fan motor for driving said fan, said fan and fan motor being mounted on a mount bracket carried within said head portion in spaced relationship with respect to said opened front face and baffle vent, and above said atomizing means. 3. The portable fan device as set forth in claim 1 above, wherein said head portion is L-shaped in configuration, having a leg portion adapted to mount to said upper end of said flexible tubular member, and a foot portion formed integrally with said leg portion and extending outwardly at a 90.degree. angle therefrom, said fan means and atomizing means being mounted in said foot portion and said opened front face being disposed at the terminal end of said foot portion and spaced forwardly of said fan means. 4. The portable fan device as set forth in claim 1 above, wherein said electrical means is removably mounted within said base and comprises a battery pack electrically wired to said fan means through said switch means thereby to activate and deactivate said fan means in response to the actuation of said switch means. 5. The portable fan device as set forth in claim 4 above, wherein said battery pack is formed by solar rechargeable batteries and said fan device is provided with a solar operated charging cell for recharging said batteries, said solar operated charging cell being in operative electrical communication with said solar rechargeable batteries thereby to effect said recharging effect. 6. The portable fan device as set forth in claim 1 above, wherein said atomizing means comprises an atomizing head mounted within said head portion below said fan means, having an atomizing nozzle at its forward end and having a first vacuum line mounted adjacent its back end and extending outwardly to a vacuum bulb, and a second fluid line mounted on said atomizing head rear end in operative position relative to said first vacuum line and being in fluid communication with said source of fluid in said base, whereby compression of said vacuum bulb creates a negative pressure in said second fluid line within said atomizing head and draws fluid through said second fluid line into said atomizing head and exits said atomizing head through said atomizing nozzle as an atomized mist in a fluid path immediately below said open front face of said head portion. 7. The portable fan device as set forth in claim 6 above, wherein said flexible tubular member is hollow throughout its length and is adapted to acommodate said second fluid line extending between said source of fluid in said base and said atomizing head, and further adapted to accommodate said electrical wiring means extending between said battery pack and said base and said fan means carried in said head portion via said switch means thereby to permit the operation of said fan in said head as well as said atomizing means in said head in order to create a wind blown misting effect. 8. The portable fan device as set forth in claim 1 above, wherein said base is further provided with mount means carried thereon and adapted to accommodate the mounting of said device on a variety of said support surfaces. 9. The portable fan device as set forth in claim 8 above, wherein said base is provided with a pair of mount rails formed thereon, each one of said pair of mount rails being mounted in opposed relationship one to the other on said base, and said mount means comprises a clamping member formed by a clamp having an upper end and a lower clamping end, said upper end of said clamp provided with a pair of opposed rail arms, each of said rail arms having an inner end adapted to be slidably engagable within the confines of said mount rails on said base, whereby said clamp may be moved between an upper clamping position and a lower staking position such that said clamp may be employed to mount said device to an upright structure when in the upper clamping position, and staked into the ground surface when moved to its lower staking position. 10. The portable fan device as set forth in claim 9 above, which further includes a spring member mounted on said clamp and interposed between said clamp and said base, said spring member being formed such that said spring normally biasingly urges said clamp against said base. 