An add-on device (10) for converting a conventional manual faucet to an automatic faucet includes a body (12) that includes an adapter (14) by which the add-on device is mounted onto the outlet of the manual faucet. A conduit (32) provides a fluid path from the faucet outlet to a device outlet (18), and an electrically operable valve (30) is interposed in the conduit (32). A control circuit (26) operates an ultrasonic transducer (20) to sense objects in a target region near the device outlet 18, and it operates the valve (30) to permit water to flow out the device outlet (18) when the transducer detects a moving object in the target region.
Claims What is claimed as new and desired to be secured by Letters Patent of the United States is: 1. For controlling the flow of fluid through a faucet, a flow-control device comprising: A. a housing having a device inlet and a device outlet; B. a fluid conduit disposed in the housing for conducting fluid from the inlet to the outlet; C. mounting means on the housing for mounting the device on the faucet with the device inlet in fluid communication with the faucet outlet and the conduit disposed outside the faucet; D. sealing means for sealing the device inlet to the faucet outlet when the mounting means mounts the housing on the faucet so that fluid can flow from the faucet only by flowing through the flow-control device; E. an electric valve interposed in the conduit and operable by application of control signals thereto to switch between an open state, in which the valve permits fluid flow through the conduit, and a closed state, in which the valve prevents flow through the conduit; F. a sensor circuit for sensing the presence of objects in a target region near the device and for applying control signals to the valve to control flow of fluid through the conduit in response to at least one predetermined characteristic of the sensed object. 2. A flow-control device as defined in claim 1 wherein the sensor circuit includes means for, in at least one mode of operation, (A) applying control signals to the valve to cause the valve to assume its open state when the sensor circuit senses a moving object and (B) applying control signals to the valve to cause it to assume its closed state when the sensor circuit senses no moving object. 3. A flow-control device as defined in claim 2 wherein the sensor circuit comprises means for sensing object motion by sensing changes between the positions of sensed objects at discrete times. 4. A flow-control device as defined in claim 3 wherein the sensor circuit comprises means for sensing object motion by making successive measurements of the distance of a sensed object and concluding that motion has occurred if successive measurements differ by more than a predetermined minimum distance. 5. A flow-control device as defined in claim 1 wherein the conduit is the only fluid path therethrough, whereby closure of the valve prevents flow of fluid through the faucet. 6. A flow-control device as defined in claim 5 wherein the sensor circuit includes means for (A) in at least one mode of operation, applying control signals to the valve means to cause the valve means to assume its open state when the sensor circuit senses a moving object and (B) applying control signals to the valve to cause it to assume its closed state when the sensor circuit senses no moving object. 7. A flow-control device as defined in claim 6 wherein the sensor circuit comprises means for sensing object motion by sensing changes between the positions of sensed objects at discrete times. 8. A flow-control device as defined in claim 7 wherein the sensor circuit comprises means for sensing object motion by making successive measurements of the distance of a sensed object and concluding that motion has occurred if successive measurements differ by more than a predetermined minimum distance. 9. A flow-control device as defined in claim 1 wherein: A. the flow-control device further includes: i. a second outlet; and ii. a soap-dispensing mechanism in fluid communication with the second outlet for containing soap, the soap-dispensing mechanism being operable to dispense soap through the second outlet; B. the sensor circuit includes means for sensing the presence of objects in a dispenser target region and operating the soap-dispensing mechanism in response to at least one predetermined dispenser-control characteristic of the objects sensed in the dispenser target region. 10. A flow-control device as defined in claim 9 wherein: A. the soap dispenser includes: i. a soap-containing chamber for containing soap and having a chamber inlet for admitting pressurized fluid into the chamber; ii. a pressure plate, movably mounted in the chamber to divide the chamber into (a) a pressurized-fluid region including the chamber inlet and (b) a soap-containing region in communication with the second outlet, for urging the soap out the second outlet when pressure is applied to the pressure plate from the pressurized-fluid region; iii. a dispenser conduit providing fluid communication between the device inlet and the chamber inlet; iv. an electrically operable dispenser valve interposed in the dispenser conduit between the device inlet and the chamber inlet and operable by application of control signals thereto to switch between an open state, in which it permits fluid flow from the device inlet to the chamber inlet, and a closed position, in which it prevents such flow; B. the sensor circuit includes means for applying control signals to the dispenser valve to cause it to open when it detects an object in the dispenser target region having the dispenser characteristic but to close when the sensor circuit detects no such object, whereby soap contained in the chamber will be urged out the dispenser outlet when the sensor circuit senses an object in the dispenser target region having the dispenser characteristic if a sufficient pressure head is present at the device inlet. 11. A flow-control device as defined in claim 9 wherein: A. the soap dispenser includes: i. a soap-containing chamber, in fluid communication with the second outlet, for containing soap; ii. a pressure plate, movably mounted in the chamber, for urging the soap out the second outlet; and iii. a motor operatively connected to the pressure plate and operable by application of control signals thereto to urge the pressure plate against the soap in the chamber and thereby to urge soap out the second outlet; and B. the sensor circuit includes means for applying control signals to the motor to cause it to urge the pressure plate against the soap in the chamber when it detects an object in the dispenser target region having the dispenser characteristic but not to urge the pressure plate against the soap when it detects no such object, whereby soap contained in the chamber will be urged out the dispenser outlet when the sensor circuit senses an object in the dispenser target region having the dispenser characteristic. 12. A flow-control device as defined in claim 1 further including: A. a turbine disposed in the conduit for driving of the turbine by flow of water through the conduit; and B. an electrical generator, connected to the turbine for driving thereby, for generating electric power when the turbine is driven by water flow, the generator being electrically connected to the sensor circuit to supply power thereto. 13. A flow-control device as defined in claim 12 wherein: A. the flow-control device further includes an energy-storage circuit interposed between the generator and the sensor circuit for storing energy supplied by the generator and supplying the energy to the sensor circuit, the energy-storage circuit storing energy exclusively in one of (i) at least one capacitor, (ii) at least one inductor, and (iii) at least one capacitor and at least one inductor; and B. the generator and the energy-storage circuit are the exclusive sources of power to the sensor circuit. 14. A flow-control device as defined in claim 12 wherein the flow-control device further includes an energy-storage circuit including a rechargeable battery interposed between the generator and the sensor circuit for storing energy supplied by the generator and supplying the energy to the sensor circuit. 15. A flow control device as defined in claim 12 wherein: A. the flow-control device further includes a generator housing that provides an air chamber that is substantially fluid tight above a lower generator level therin so as to prevent air from escaping from the chamber, the air chamber containing a volume of air above the lower generator level; B. the generator is disposed in the air chamber above the lower generator level in the volume of air therein; and C. the turbine is disposed below the generator, whereby the generator is protected from water contact by the pressure of the air surrounding it. 16. A flow-control device as defined in claim 12 wherein the turbine is a drag turbine. 17. A flow-control device is defined in claim 12 wherein the generator is a submersible generator. 18. A flow-control device as defined in claim 1 wherein the valve is a latching valve, which requires power only to change state so that it remains in its open state when no power is applied to it in its open state, and it remains in its closed state when no power is applied to it in its closed state. 19. A flow-control device as defined in claim 1 wherein: A. the sensor circuit comprises means for sensing objects by converting electrical power into sensing signals and for operating in at least two modes: i. a first, active mode, in which the sensor circuit converts a first, relatively high average level of power into a sensor signal and senses objects throughout a first, relatively long, range; and ii. a second, passive mode, in which the sensor circuit converts a second, relatively low average level of power into a sensor signal and senses objects through a second, relatively short, range; and B. the sensor circuit comprises means for converting from the active mode to the passive mode when it has sensed no moving object having the predetermined characteristic for a predetermined length of time in the first range and for converting back to the active mode when it sense an object in the second range. 20. An automatic flow-control device comprising: A. a fluid conduit, having an inlet and an outlet, for conducting fluid from its inlet to its outlet; B. an electrical valve interposed in the conduit and operable by application of control signals thereto to switch between an open state, in which the valve permits fluid flow through the conduit, and a closed state, in which the valve prevents flow in the conduit; C. a sensor circuit for sensing the presence of objects in a target region near the device outlet and for applying control signals to the valve to permit flow of fluid through the conduit in response to at least presence of an object within a predetermined presence-mode region within the target region; and D. a flag movably mounted for manual movement between an automatic position, in which it is disposed outside of the presence-mode region, and a manual position, in which it is disposed within the presence-mode region, whereby the valve permits fluid flow while the flag is in its manual position. 21. An automatic flow-control device as defined in claim 20 wherein the sensor circuit comprises means for applying control signals to the valve to permit flow of fluid through the conduit in response to motion but not presence alone in the target region outside of the presence-mode region. 22. An automatic flow-control device comprising: A. a fluid conduit, having an inlet and an outlet, for conducting fluid from its inlet to its outlet; B. an electric valve interposed in the conduit and operable by application of control signals thereto to switch between an open state, in which the valve permits fluid flow through the conduit, and a closed state, in which the valve prevents flow through the conduit; C. a sensor circuit for sensing the presence of objects in a target region near the device outlet and for applying control signals to the valve means to control flow of fluid through the conduit in response to at least one predetermined characteristic of the sensed object; and D. an electrical generator, electrically connected to the sensor circuit and adapted to be driven mechanically, for generating electric power when it is driven mechanically and applying the electric power to the sensor circuit; and E. a drag turbine disposed in the conduit for driving of the turbine by flow of water through the conduit, the drag turbine being mechanically coupled to the generator to drive it mechanically when the drag turbine is driven by the water flow. 23. An automatic flow-control device comprising: A. a fluid conduit, having an inlet and an outlet, for conducting fluid from its inlet to its outlet; B. an electric valve interposed in the conduit and operable by application of control signals thereto to switch between an open state, in which the valve permits fluid flow through the conduit, and a closed state, in which the valve prevents flow through the conduit; C. a sensor circuit for sensing the presence of objects in a target region near the device outlet and for applying control signals to the valve means to control flow of fluid through the conduit in response to at least one predetermined characteristic of the sensed object; and D. solar cells, electrically connected to the sensor circuit, for converting light to electrical power and supplying the electrical power to the sensor circuit. 24. An automatic flow-control device comprising: A. a fluid conduit, having an inlet and an outlet, for conducting fluid from its inlet to its outlet; B. an electric valve interposed in the conduit and operable by application of control signals thereto to switch between an open state, in which the valve permits fluid flow through the conduit, and a closed state, in which the valve prevents flow through the conduit, the valve being a latching valve, which requires power only to change state so that it remains in its open state when no power is applied to it in its open state, and it remains in its closed state when no power is applied to it in its closed state; and C. a sensor circuit for sensing the presence of objects in a target region near the device outlet and for applying control signals to the valve means to control flow of fluid through the conduit in response to at least one predetermined characteristic of the sensed object. 25. An automatic flow-control device comprising: A. a fluid conduit, having an inlet and an outlet, for conducting fluid from its inlet to its outlet; B. an electric valve interposed in the conduit and operable by application of control signals thereto to switch between an open state, in which the valve permits fluid flow through the conduit, and a closed state, in which the valve prevents flow through the conduit; and C. a sensor circuit means for sensing objects in a target region by converting electric power into sensing signals and for applying control signals to the valve to control flow of fluid through the conduit in response to at least one characteristic of the sensed object, wherein the sensor circuit operates in at least two modes: i. a first, active mode, in which the sensor circuit means converts a first, relatively high average level of power into a sensor signal and senses objects throughout a first, relatively long range; and ii. a second, passive mode, in which the sensor circuit means converts a second, relatively low average level of power into a sensor signal and senses objects throughout a second, relatively short range; and the sensor circuit means converts from the active mode to the passive mode when it has sensed the absence of an object having a first predetermined characteristic for a predetermined length of time in the first range and converts back to the active mode when it has sensed an object having a second predetermined characteristic in the second range. 26. An automatic flow-control device as defined in claim 25 wherein the sensor circuit means further comprises means for converting from the passive mode to the active mode upon sensing an object having the second predetermined characteristic in the second range and then sensing the absence of an object having the second predetermined characteristic in the second range. 27. An automatic flow-control device as defined in claim 25 wherein the sensor circuit means further comprises means for converting from the active mode to the passive mode when it has sensed the absence of an object having a first predetermined characteristic for a predetermined length of time in the first range and for converting back to the active mode upon sensing an object having a second predetermined characteristic, different from the first predetermined characteristic, in the second range and then sensing the absence of an object having the second predetermined characteristic in the second range. 28. An automatic flow-control device as defined in claim 25 wherein the sensor circuit means further comprises means for converting from the active mode to the passive mode when it has sensed the absence of a moving object for a predetermined length of time in the first range and for converting back to the active mode when it has sensed an object having a second predetermined characteristic in the second range and for converting from the passive mode to the active mode upon sensing any object in the second range and then sensing the absence of any object in the second range. 29. An automatic flow-control device as defined in claim 25 wherein the sensor circuit means further comprises means for converting from the active mode to the passive mode when it has sensed the absence of an object having a first predetermined characteristic for a predetermined length of time in the first range and for converting back to the active mode when it has sensed an object having a second predetermined characteristic, different from the first characteristic, in the second range. 30. An automatic flow-control device as defined in claim 25 wherein the sensor circuit means further comprises means for converting from the active mode to the passive mode when it has sensed the absence of a moving object for a predetermined length of time in the first range and for converting back to the active mode when it has sensed any object in the second range. 31. An automatic flow-control device comprising: A. a fluid conduit, having an inlet and an outlet, for conducting fluid from its inlet to its outlet; B. an electric valve interposed in the conduit and operable by application of control signals thereto to switch between an open state, in which the valve permits fluid flow through the conduit, and a closed state, in which the valve prevents flow through the conduit; C. a sensor circuit for sensing the presence of objects in a target region near the device outlet and for applying control signals to the valve means to control flow of fluid through the conduit in response to at least one predetermined characteristic of the sensed object; D. a generator housing that provides an air chamber that is substantially fluid tight above a lower generator level therein so as to prevent air from escaping from the chamber, the air chamber containing a volume of air above the lower generator level; E. an electrical generator, electrically connected to the sensor circuit and adapted to be driven mechanically, for generating electric power when it is driven mechanically and applying the electric power to the sensor circuit, the generator being disposed in the air chamber above the lower generator level in the volume of air therein; and F. a turbine disposed in the conduit for driving of the turbine by flow of water through the conduit, the turbine being mechanically coupled to the generator to drive it mechanically when the turbine is driven by the water flow, the turbine being disposed below the generator, whereby the generator is protected from water contact by the pressure of the air surrounding it. 32. An automatic flow-control device comprising: A. a fluid conduit, having an inlet and an outlet, for conducting fluid from its inlet to its outlet; B. an electric valve interposed in the conduit and operable by application of control signals thereto to switch between an open state, in which the valve permits fluid flow through the conduit, and a closed state, in which the valve prevents flow through the conduit; C. a sensor circuit for sensing the presence of objects in a target region near the device outlet and for applying control signals to the valve means to control flow of fluid through the conduit in response to at least one predetermined characteristic of the sensed object; D. a turbine disposed in the conduit for driving of the turbine of flow of water through the conduit; and E. a submersible electrical generator, mechanically connected to the turbine for driving thereby and electrically connected to the sensor circuit to supply power thereto, for generating electric power and applying the power to the sensor circuit when the turbine is driven by water flow. 33. For controlling the flow of fluid through a faucet, a flow-control device comprising: A. a housing having a device inlet and first and second device outlets; B. a first fluid conduit disposed in the housing for conducting fluid from the inlet to the outlet; C. a second fluid conduit disposed in the housing for conducting fluid from the inlet to the second device outlet; D. mounting means on the housing for mounting the device on the faucet with the device inlet in fluid communication with the faucet outlet; E. sealing means for sealing the device inlet to the faucet outlet when the mounting means mounts the housing on the faucet so that fluid can flow from the faucet only by flowing through the flow-control device; F. an electric valve interposed in the conduit and operable by application of control signals thereto to switch between an open state, in which the valve permits fluid flow through the first conduit, and a closed state, in which the valve prevents flow through the first conduit; G. a filter element interposed in the second conduit and presenting enough flow resistance so that fluid does not flow through the second conduit when the valve permits fluid flow in the first conduit, the filter element permitting fluid flow therethrough when the valve is closed so that filtered water flows through the second outlet; and H. a sensor circuit for sensing the presence of objects in the vicinity of the second outlet and to close the valve when it senses an object near the second outlet, the flow-control device thereby permitting flow of unfiltered water through the first-mentioned outlet when no object is sensed near the first outlet and directing fluid flow through the filter element so that filtered water issues through the second outlet when an object is near the second outlet. 34. A flow-control device as defined in claim 33 further including: A. a turbine disposed in the first conduit for driving of the turbine by flow of water through the conduit; and B. an electrical generator, connected to the turbine for driving thereby, for generating electric power when the turbine is driven by water flow, the generator being electrically connected to the sensor circuit to supply power thereto. 35. A flow-control device as defined in claim 34 wherein: A. the flow-control device further includes an energy-storage circuit interposed between the generator and the sensor circuit for storing energy supplied by the generator and supplying the energy to the sensor circuit, the energy-storage circuit storing energy exclusively in one of (i) at least one capacitor, (ii) at least one inductor, and (iii) at least one capacitor and at least one inductor; and B. the generator and the energy-storage circuit are the exclusive sources of power to the sensor circuit. 36. For controlling the flow of fluid through a faucet, a flow-control device comprising: A. a housing having a device inlet and a device outlet; B. a fluid conduit disposed in the housing for conducting fluid from the inlet to the outlet; C. mounting means on the housing for mounting the device on the faucet with the device inlet in fluid communication with the faucet outlet; D. sealing means for sealing the device inlet to the faucet outlet when the mounting means mounts the housing on the faucet so that fluid can flow from the faucet only by flowing through the flow-control device; E. an electric valve interposed in the conduit and operable by application of control signals thereto to switch between an open state, in which the valve permits fluid flow through the conduit, and a closed state, in which the valve prevents flow through the conduit; F. a sensor circuit for sensing the presence of objects in a target region near the device and for applying control signals to the valve to control flow of fluid through the conduit in response to at least one predetermined characteristic of the sensed object; and G. solar cells, electrically connected to the sensor circuit, for converting light to electrical power and supplying the electrical power to the sensor circuit. 