A spacecraft (100) such as a satellite, is shaped roughly in the form of a cup with a hollow inner cavity (106) such that a plurality of such spacecraft may be stowed for launch in a nested stack (204), thereby enabling a greater number of satellites to be launched simultaneously with a single launch vehicle (201). The cup-shaped configuration results from the satellite having a base member (105) with panels or side walls (101a, 101b, 101c) extending from portions of the perimeter of the base member at a non-zero angle thereto.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A spacecraft body comprising: a base member having a perimeter; and a plurality of side wall members, each coupled at a boundary thereof to a portion of the perimeter of the base member and each extending at an angle greater than zero to a plane containing the base member perimeter, thereby resulting in a substantially cup-shaped spacecraft structure and a hollow inner cavity opening outwardly at boundaries of the side walls remote from the side wall boundaries coupled to the base member, each side wall member providing a surface to which is attached an array of photovoltaic devices and an antenna. 2. The spacecraft body of claim 1 wherein the base member comprises a body of substantially planar polygonal cross section and wherein each side wall member is coupled to the base member along a different lateral side surface of the polygonal body. 3. The spacecraft body of claim 1 wherein each side wall member is substantially planar. 4. The spacecraft body of claim 2 wherein each side wall member is substantially planar. 5. The spacecraft body of claim 1 wherein the base member houses an electronics and power supply payload. 6. The spacecraft body of claim 1 wherein the base member and side wall members are substantially planar, the base member housing an electronics and power supply payload and each side wall member providing a surface means for mounting flush therewith a deployable planar antenna panel and a fixed planar array of photovoltaic devices. 7. The spacecraft body of claim 1 wherein the base member and side wall members are substantially planar, the base member housing an electronics and power supply payload and each side wall member providing a surface means for mounting flush therewith a deployable planar array of photovoltaic devices and a fixed planar antenna panel. 8. A spacecraft body as set forth in claim 1 wherein the hollow inner cavity in shaped such that at least a portion of the exterior surfaces of a similarly designed spacecraft body may be placed in nested fashion in the hollow interior. 9. In a vehicle for launching a plurality of spacecraft, the vehicle including a stowage compartment for stowing one or more spacecraft to be deployed at a time subsequent to initial launch of the vehicle, an improved arrangement for stowing the plurality of spacecraft comprising: a stack of nested spacecraft in the stowage compartment wherein each spacecraft has a substantially cup-like configuration substantially enclosing a hollow cavity opening at one portion of the spacecraft, with the hollow cavity of a first spacecraft receiving in nested fashion at least a substantial portion of a second spacecraft underlying the first spacecraft in the stack. 10. The improved arrangement of claim 9 wherein each spacecraft comprises a base member and side walls substantially enclosing the hollow cavity opening at the perimeter of the side walls remote from the base member. 11. The improved arrangement of claim 10 wherein the base member of each spacecraft in the nested stack has a substantially planar polygonal cross section and wherein each side wall is coupled to the base member along a different lateral side surface of the polygonal base member. 12. The improved arrangement of claim 10 wherein each side wall of each spacecraft in the stack is substantially planar. 13. The improved arrangement of claim 10 wherein the base member of a preselected spacecraft in the stack is coupled to means for dispensing the preselected spacecraft along with all spacecraft in the stack, if any, nested to the preselected spacecraft. 14. The improved arrangement of claim 13 wherein the means for dispensing includes means for coupling under tension the base member of the preselected spacecraft to the means for dispensing, means for positioning the preselected spacecraft and any other spacecraft nested thereto in a predetermined position attitude and means for separating the preselected spacecraft and any other spacecraft nested thereto from the means for dispensing. 15. The improved arrangement of claim 14 wherein the means for positioning comprises fueled rocket thrusters coupled to the means for coupling under tension so as to effect preselected orientation thereof. 16. In a vehicle for launching a plurality of spacecraft, the vehicle including a stowage compartment for stowing one or more spacecraft to be deployed at a time subsequent to initial launch of the vehicle, an improved arrangement for stowing the plurality of spacecraft comprising: a stack of nested spacecraft in the stowage compartment wherein each spacecraft has a body of substantially cup-like configuration with a structure comprising a body base member and side walls substantially enclosing a hollow cavity opening at the perimeter of the sidewalls remote from the base member, and wherein the base member of each spacecraft in the stack houses an electronics and power supply payload and wherein each side wall of the spacecraft in the stack houses an array of photovoltaic devices and an antenna. 17. The improved arrangement of claim 16 wherein the base member and side walls of each spacecraft body in the stack are substantially planar. 