An integrated smoke and intrusion alarm system is provided for windows, doors or other openings in exterior building walls and includes a solar battery charging device and a magnetic test switch. The integrated alarm system is concealed from view and includes a frame assembly with apertures whereby smoke inside the building is easily detected.
Claims I claim: 1. An alarm system for placement in a wall opening of a building such as with a window or door comprising: a frame assembly, said frame assembly having: (a) a header, (b) a starter member, and (c) a detecting device holding member, said header joined to said starter member, said detecting device holding member joined to said starter member to form a container, said header defining a smoke entry aperture, said detecting device holding member defining a smoke entry aperture, means to detect smoke, means to detect intrusion, alarm circuitry, said alarm circuitry connected to said smoke detecting means and to said intrusion detecting means, said smoke and intrusion detecting means removably attached to said detecting device holding member and concealed within said container, said header aperture and said holding member aperture coincidentally mounted to allow smoke to pass through said header to said smoke detecting means contained within said holding member and wherein said alarm circuitry includes a power supply. 2. An alarm system as claimed in claim 1 and including an intrusion alarm contact, said alarm contact positioned exteriorly of said frame assembly and joined to said electrical circuitry. 3. An alarm system as claimed in claim 1 and including a magnetic test switch, said test switch attached to said electrical circuitry. 4. An alarm system as claimed in claim 1 and including an anti-tamper switch, said anti-tamper switch connected to said electrical circuitry. 5. An alarm system as claimed in claim 1 and including intrusion annunciating means, said annunciating means electrically communicating with said intrusion detecting means. 6. An alarm system as claimed in claim 1 and including a power supply, said power supply connected to said electrical circuitry. 7. An alarm system as claimed in claim 6 and including solar power supply charging means, said charging means joined to said electrical circuitry for charging said power supply. 8. An alarm system as claimed in claim 1 and including a key switch, said key switch connected to said electrical circuitry. 9. An alarm system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said frame assembly includes a slot, said slot for receiving a solar power supply charging means. 10. An alarm system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said header includes a plurality of apertures to allow smoke within the building to contact said smoke detecting means contained within said frame assembly. 11. An alarm system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said detecting device holding member includes a slot, said slot for containing a solar power supply charging means. 12. An alarm system as claimed in claim 1 and including an intrusion alarm contact, said contact mounted exteriorly of said frame assembly and in electrical communication with said alarm circuitry. 13. An alarm system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said detecting device holding member includes a slide receptacle, said smoke detecting means having a slide, said slide for engaging with said slide receptacle to thereby mount said delecting means to said holding member. 14. An alarm system comprising: a header, a starter member, a detecting device holding member, said header joined to said starter member, said detecting device holding member joined to said starter member, said header, starter member and said holding member forming a container, a means to detect smoke, a first alarm slide for mounting said smoke detecting means within said holding member, said first alarm slide joined to said smoke detecting means, means to detect intrusion, a second alarm slide for mounting said intrusion detecting means within said holding member, said second alarm slide joined to said intrusion detecting means, a slide receptacle, said slide receptacle attached to said holding member, said slide receptacle adapted for receiving said first and said second alarm slides for mounting said smoke and said intrusion detecting means within said container, and an anti-tamper switch to prevent unauthorized removal of said intrusion detection means, said switch connected to said holding member. 15. An alarm system as claimed in claim 14 and including a means for providing an audible alarm, said alarm means connected to said smoke detecting means to provide a constant audible signal and said alarm means connected to said intrusion detecting means to provide an intermittent audible signal. 16. An alarm system as claimed in claim 15 and including means to charge a power supply, said power supply charging means comprising a solar power supply charging means. 