A piezoelectric transducer assembly for producing sonar signals for transmission underwater and for detecting reflected sonar signals. The assembly includes a two-dimensional generally planar array of piezoelectric elements disposed in an elastomer casing. The elements are coupled by way of conductors to electronic circuitry which produces electrical signals for stressing the piezoelectric elements and which processes electrical signals produced by the piezoelectric element in response to reflected sonar signals. The piezoelectric elements are closely packed and are selected to have low cross-coupling characteristics. At least some of the elements are oriented so that their axes of polarization are generally perpendicular to the plane of the array.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A piezoelectric transducer assembly capable of reducing acceleration and fluid flow boundary noise comprising a two-dimensional closely packed, generally planar array of piezoelectric element means, each element means having one axis most sensitive to distortion forces including acceleration, and two other axes, orthogonal to said one axis and to each other, which are less sensitive to distortion forces, wherein at least some of the element means are positioned so that their most sensitive axes are oriented in a direction different from that in which the most sensitive axes of the remaining element means are oriented, an encasement for holding the array of element means in fixed relationship, conductor means for carrying electrical signals to the element means to stress the element means along poling axes, and cause them to produce sonar signals, and for carrying electrical signals away from the element means when the element means are stressed along the poling axes by received sonar signals, the poling axes of the element means being selected to coincide with the most sensitive axes, a first set of said element means being oriented so that their poling axes are generally at right angles to the plane of the array, a second set of the element means being oriented so that their poling axes generally lie in the plane of the array, and a third set of the element means being oriented so that their poling axes are generally at right angles of the poling axes of the first and second set of element means, the element means of each set being dispersed among the element means of every other set, and each element means being positioned so that its poling axes is oriented in a direction different from the direction of orientation of the poling axes of the next adjacent element means in the array, wherein, said poling axes orientations function to cause electrical signals generated by the element means receipt of signals which are caused by acceleration and fluid flow boundary noises, to cancel each other out. 2. A transducer assembly as in claim 1 wherein the poling axes of the element means are selected to coincide with the most sensitive axes, and wherein at least some of the element means are oriented so that their poling axes are generally at right angles to the plane of the array. 3. A transducer assembly as in claim 1 wherein the element means are spaced apart a distance of about one-sixteenth of an inch or less. 4. A piezoelectric transducer assembly capable of reducing acceleration and fluid flow boundary noise comprising a two-dimensional closely packed, generally planar array of piezoelectric element means, each element means having one axis most sensitive to distortion forces including acceleration, and two other axes, orthogonal to said one axis and to each other, which are less sensitive to distortion forces, wherein at least some of the element means are positioned so that their most sensitive axes are oriented in a direction different from that in which the most sensitive axes of the remaining element means are oriented, an encasement for holding the array of element means in fixed relationship, conductor means for carrying electrical signals to the element means to stress the element means along poling axes, and cause them to produce sonar signals, and for carrying electrical signals away from the element means when the element means are stressed along the poling axes by received sonar signals, the poling axes of the element means being selected to coincide with the most sensitive axes, a first set of said element means being oriented so that their poling axes are generally at right angles to the plane of the array, a second set of the element means being oriented so that their poling axes generally lie in the plane of the array, and a third set of the element means being oriented so that their poling axes are generally at right angles to the poling axes of the first and second sets of element means, element means of each set being dispersed among the elements of every other set, and an elastomer material carried in the encasement to surround and mechanically isolate the element means from one another, wherein, said poling axes orientations function to cause electrical signals generated by the element means receipt of signals which are caused by acceleration and fluid flow boundary noises, to cancel each other out. 5. A transducer assembly as in claim 4 wherein the elastomer material is polyurethane. 6. A transducer assembly as in claim 4 wherein the elastomer material is polyethelene. 7. A transducer assembly as in claim 4 wherein the poling axes of the element means are selected to coincide with the most sensitive axes, and wherein at least some of the element means are oriented so that their poling axes are generally at right angles to the plane of the array. 8. A transducer assembly as in claim 4 wherein the element means are spaced apart a distance of about one-sixteenth of an inch or less. 9. A piezoelectric transducer assembly capable of reducing acceleration and fluid flow boundary noises comprising a center, nonconductive mounting plate, first and second generally parallel, two-dimensional, closely packed arrays of piezoelectric element means having low cross-coupling characteristics, with the first array being mounted on one side of the plate and the second array being mounted on the other side of the plate, each element means of the arrays including opposing surface areas and each being polarized in a direction generally perpendicular to the element means's surface areas, wherein at least some of the element means are positioned so that their axes of polarization are oriented transversely of the plate, an encasement in which the plate and arrays are disposed, a plurality of electrodes disposed on said opposing surface areas of the piezoelectric elements means, and conductor means coupled to the electrodes for carrying electrical signals to the element means to stress the element means along axes of polarization and cause them to produce solar signals, and for carrying electrical signals away from the element means when the element means are stressed by received sonar signals, wherein, said poling axes orientation function to cause electrical signals generated by the element means receipt of signals which are caused by acceleration and fluid flow boundary noises, to cancel each other out. 10. A transducer assembly as in claim 9 wherein said encasement is made of an elastomer material adapted to mechanically isolate the element means from one another. 11. A transducer assembly as in claim 10 wherein said element means of each array are spaced apart from one another about one-sixteenth of an inch or less. 12. A transducer assembly as in claim 10 wherein each array includes a first set of element means oriented so that their axes of polarization are generally perpendicular to the plate, a second set of element means oriented so that their axes of polarization are generally parallel to the plate and at right angles to the axes of polarization of the first set, and a third set of element means oriented so that their axes of polarization are generally at right angles to the axes of polarization of the element means of both the first set and second set. 13. A transducer assembly as in claim 12 wherein the element means of each set of an array are intermingled among the element means of the other sets. 14. A transducer assembly as in claim 13 wherein each element means of each array is positioned so that its axis of polarization is oriented in a direction different from the direction of orientation of the axes of polarization of the next adjacent element means in said each array. 15. A transducer assembly as in claim 10 wherein each element means of the first array is located on the plate oppositely a corresponding element means of the second array, and wherein the axes of polarization of said oppositely positioned element means are generally parallel. 