A combination table top football and hockey game utilizes a rectangular board formed by two rectangular sections connected along a central line by a hinge for movement between open and closed positions. The board has front and back surfaces designated respectively as a football field game area and a hockey rink game area. By inverting the game board, either table top football or table top hockey may be played. A scoreboard is removably received in an invertible fashion in mounting brackets provided on a side wall of the board, for use with either the football game area or the hockey game area. Two pairs of spaced aligned notches are formed in interior portions on opposed side walls of the game board for removable insertion of a pair of elongated rectangular slats. The slats are disposed in a common plane upon movement of the game board to a closed position and form a retaining wall of the closed case. The invention provides a standardized format and rules for two games which have been played in casual fashion utilizing improvised pieces, by school children for many years.
Claims What is claimed as being new and desired to be protected by Letters Patent of the United States is as follows: 1. A combination table top football and hockey game, comprising: a rectangular game board having opposite front and back surfaces, opposite parallel end walls connected by base parallel side walls; said game board formed by two rectangular sections connected by a hinge along a central line for movement between open and closed positions; indicia designating a football field game area on said front game board surface; indicia designating a hockey rink game area on said back game board surface; latch means for retaining said game board in said closed position; a pair of spaced aligned scoreboard mounting brackets on a side wall of said rectangular board; and a scoreboard having aligned spaced legs removably received in said mounting brackets, said scoreboard being invertible for usage with said front or said back surface of said game board. 2. The combination table top football and hockey game of claim 1, wherein said indicia designating said football field game area include indicia representing yardage markers, side lines and end zones. 3. The combination table top football and hockey game of claim 2, further comprising a pair of sockets in opposite end zones of said front surface; and a pair of goal posts removably received in said sockets. 4. The combination table top football and hockey game of claim 3, further comprising a triangular football game piece. 5. The combination table top football and hockey game of claim 1, wherein said indicia designating said hockey rink game area include indicia representing face off circles, blue lines and a center red line. 6. The combination table top football and hockey game of claim 5, further comprising a pair of goal nets removably positioned adjacent opposite ends of said back surface. 7. The combination table top football and hockey game of claim 6, wherein said end and side walls of said rectangular board extended above said back surface, forming a raised perimeter around said hockey rink game area. 8. The combination table top football and hockey game of claim 7, further comprising a plurality of circular disk shaped hockey game pieces. 9. The combination table top football and hockey game of claim 1, wherein said scoreboard is provided with digital display electronic time and score counters powered by a solar cell. 10. A combination table top football and hockey game, comprising: a rectangular game board having opposite front and back surfaces, opposite parallel end walls connected by base parallel side walls; said game board formed by two rectangular sections connected by a hinge along a central line for movement between open and closed positions; indicia designating a football field game area on said front game board surface; indicia designating a hockey rink game area on said back game board surface; latch means for retaining said game board in said closed position; two pairs of spaced aligned notches formed in interior portions on opposite side walls, each pair of notches on each side wall being on opposite sides of said hinge; and a pair of elongated removable rectangualr slats dimensioned for removable frictional receipt in said notches, said slats disposed in a common plane movement of said game board to a closed position and forming a retaining wall. 11. The combination table top football and hockey game of claim 10, wherein said indicia designating said football field game area include indicia representing yardage markers, side lines and end zones. 12. The combination table top football and hockey game of claim 11, further comprising a pair of sockets in opposite end zones of said front surface; and a pair of goal posts removably received in said sockets. 13. The combination table top football and hockey game of claim 12, further comprising a triangular football game piece. 14. The combination table top football and hockey game of claim 10, wherein said indicia designating said hockey rink game area include indicia representing face off circles, blue lines and a center red line. 15. The combination table top football and hockey game of claim 14, further comprising a paid of goal nets removably positioned adjacent opposite ends of said back surface. 16. The combination table top football and hockey game of claim 15, wherein said end and side walls of said rectangular board extend above said back surface, forming a raised perimeter around said hockey rink game area. 17. The combination table top football and hockey game of claim 16, further comprising a plurality of circular disk shaped hockey game pieces. 18. A combination table top football and hockey game, comprising: a rectangular board having opposite parallel end walls connected by spaced parallel side walls, said board formed by two rectangular sections connected along a central line by a hinge for movement between open and closed positions; said board having front and back surfaces; two pair of cooperating aligned latches on opposite side walls of said board for securing said board in a closed position; said front surface forming a football field game area and bearing indicia representing yardage marker, side lines and end zones; a triangular football game piece; a pair of sockets in opposite end zones of said front surface; a pair of goal posts removably received in said sockets; a pair of spaced aligned scoreboard mounting brackets on a side wall of said rectangular board; a scoreboard having aligned spaced legs removably received in said mounting brackets, said scoreboard being invertible for usage with said front or said back surface of said rectangular board; said scoreboard having digital display electronic time and score counters, powered by a solar cell; said back surface forming a hockey rink game area and bearing indicia representing face off circles, blue lines and a center red line; a pair of goal nets removably positioned adjacent opposite ends of said back surface; said end and side walls of said rectangular board extending above said back surface, forming a raised perimeter around said hockey rink game area; a plurality of circular disk shaped hockey game pieces; two pairs of spaced aligned notches formed in interior portions on opposite side walls, each pair of notches on each side wall being on opposite sides of said hinge; and a pair of elongated removable rectangular slats dimensioned for removable frictional receipt in said notches, said slats disposed in a common plane upon movement of said game board to a closed position and forming a retaining wall. 