An advertising system for use with an electronic parking meter. A microprocessor is connected to a memory for storing a predetermined message and a liquid crystal display displays the message and is connected to the microprocessor. The electronic parking meter also displays time remaining on the meter during a first time period, and displays the message during a second time period. The microprocessor also causes the message to scroll across the display.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electronic parking meter, comprising: a microprocessor connected to a memory for storing a message having a plurality of characters; electronic display means on said parking meter connected to said microprocessor via at least one driver with serial to parallel interface, said electronic display having at least a plurality of multi-segment sections and symbol sections; means for timing connected to said microprocessor and said display providing at least a first clock pulse signal; said microprocessor causing said display in said multi-segment sections to display at least a selected number of characters from said plurality of characters of said message in said memory during a first time period, said first clock pulse signal determining said first time period, said microprocessor causing said display to display time remaining digits in said multi-segment sections during a second time period, also determined by said first clock pulse signal, said first time period alternating with said second time period, said means for timing providing a second clock pulse signal different from said first clock pulse signal and said microprocessor causing said display to activate at least some of said symbol sections at a time rate determined by said second clock pulse signal. 2. The electronic parking meter described in claim 1, wherein said microprocessor includes means for periodically selecting different characters from said plurality of characters of said message so as to scroll said message across said display during said first time period. 3. The electronic parking meter described in claim 1, wherein said electronic parking meter further comprises: at least one solar cell array connected via a first diode to a power bus and for supplying power to said power bus; at least one storage capacitor connected to said power bus via a current limiting diode for charging the capacitor and via a second diode for supply power to said power bus; a voltage regulator having an input connected to said power bus and having a first output for providing a regulated supply voltage; means for monitoring said voltage level at said input of said voltage regulator and, when said microprocessor is in a standby mode or in an operational mode, providing a signal to said microprocessor indicative of said voltage level decreasing below a threshold, said microprocessor then ceasing to display said selected number of characters on said electronic display so as to save power. 4. The electronic parking meter described in claim 3, wherein said means for monitoring is a resistor divider network, a juncture thereof being connected to said microprocessor. 