A marine transponder system which is selectively activated to produce a predetermined signal pattern of light/sound/radio transmissions for maritime devices and structures such as navigational aids, mooring, docking or slip facilities and/or EPIRBs and other emergency signalling devices. A remote transmitter is used to broadcast an uncoded or coded signal at a predetermined frequency to activate the marine transponder system. The transponder system includes an RF receiver tuned to the predetermined frequency, and optionally a decoder unit for verifying the coded signal. Upon receipt of the transmitted frequency signal, the transponder system causes an omni-directional light/sound/radio source to be energized to produce the predetermined signal pattern. The marine transponder system may be an add-on adapted for integration with existing navigational buoys, a standalone buoy, a package configured for mounting on a dock, pier or boat, or a package adapted to be mounted on a life vest/preserver. This system permits quick and positive user identification and location of a desired, unknown locus and avoids continuous power usage.
Claims I claim: 1. A marine transponder system activated in response to a transponder activating signal broadcast by a remote transmitter, comprising: receiver means tuned for receiving and processing the transponder activating signal transmitted by operator activation of the remote transmitter; means for recognizing that the transponder activating signal has been received and for providing a control signal in response thereto; a housing for said receiver means and said recognizing means, said housing configured for use in a marine environment; signaling means for providing a predetermined recognizable signal to alert the remote transmitter to the presence and relative location of said marine transponder system; and timing/control means disposed in said housing and coupled to said signaling means and operative in response to said control signal for causing said signaling means to be energized for a predetermined period of time to provide said predetermined recognizable signal. 2. The marine transponder system of claim 1 further comprising a power source to provide energizing power for said receiver means, said recognizing means, said timing/control means and said signaling means. 3. The marine transponder system of claim 2 wherein said power source is a primary battery. 4. The marine transponder system of claim 2 wherein said power source is a rechargeable battery, and wherein said marine transponder system further comprises means for recharging said rechargeable battery. 5. The marine transponder system of claim 4 wherein said recharging means comprises solar energy utilization means for converting solar energy into electrical energy to recharge said rechargeable battery. 6. The marine transponder system of claim 4 wherein said recharging means comprises wave action generator means for converting wave motion energy into electrical energy to recharge said rechargeable battery. 7. The marine transponder system of claim 2 wherein said control signal causes said timing/control means to connect said signaling means to said power source for said predetermined period of time to cause energization of said signaling means to emit said predetermined recognizable signal in a predetermined pattern and wherein said timing/control means disconnects said signaling means from said power source after said predetermined period of time has elapsed. 8. The marine transponder system of claim 7 wherein said predetermined recognizable signal is a light signal of predetermined directional characteristic. 9. The marine transponder system of claim 8 wherein said predetermined pattern of said light signal is a flashing pattern. 10. The marine transponder system of claim 7 wherein said recognizable signal is an audible signal. 11. The marine transponder system of claim 7 wherein said predetermined recognizable signal is a radio signal of a predetermined directional characteristic. 12. The marine transponder system of claim 11 wherein said predetermined pattern of radio signal is a distress signal. 13. The marine transponder system of claim 1 wherein said receiver means is coupled to and operative under control of said timing/control means to be periodically operative and inoperative. 14. The marine transponder system of claim 1 wherein said marine transponder system includes a coded address, wherein the transponder activating signal includes a coded address signal portion corresponding to said coded address of said marine transponder system, and wherein said recognizing means is operative to recognize the coded address signal portion in the transponder activating signal and to provide said control signal in response thereto. 15. The marine transponder system of claim 1 wherein said housing includes a buoy. 16. The marine transponder system of claim 1 wherein said housing includes means for accommodating installation of said housing on a maritime structure. 17. The marine transponder system of claim 1 wherein said housing includes means for accommodating installation of said housing on floatation gear. 18. The marine transponder system of claim 1 wherein said housing includes means for accommodating installation of said housing on a boat. 19. A marine transponder system having a coded address activated in response to a coded transponder activating signal broadcast on a predetermined frequency by a remote transmitter, comprising: housing means for packaging said marine transponder system in a usable configuration to function in a marine environment; receiver means tuned to the predetermined frequency for receiving and processing the coded transponder activating signal transmitted on the predetermined frequency by the remote transmitter to provide coded information of the coded transponder activating signal as an output signal; decoding means for comparing said coded information output signal with said address code of said marine transponder system and for providing a control signal when said coded information output signal corresponds to said address code of said marine transponder system; signal means for providing a predetermined signal output in a predetermined pattern to alert the remote transmitter to the presence and location of said maritime transponder system; and timing/control means coupled to said signaling means and operative in response to said control signal for causing said signaling means to be energized for a predetermined period of time to provide said predetermined recognizable signal. 20. The marine transponder system of claim 19 wherein said housing means includes means for mounting said housing on an existing maritime structure, said package having said receiver means, said decoder means and said timing/control means disposed therein; and antenna means, integrated with said housing means, for supplying said receiver means with the coded transponder activating signal. 21. The marine transponder system of claim 19 wherein said housing means includes: a standalone buoy, said standalone buoy including: a lower body, a float attached to said lower body to buoyantly support said standalone buoy in the water, an upper body attached to said float to protrude upwardly from the surface of the water, said upper body having an antenna for providing said receiver means with the coded transponder activating signal transmitted on the predetermined frequency by the remote transmitter, and wherein said signal means is attached to said upper body at an upper portion thereof, and a stabilization member attached to said lower body to stabilize said standalone buoy in the water such that said upper body and said light source means protrude generally vertically above the surface of the water. 22. The marine transponder system of claim 2 wherein said power source is an AC power source. 