An infrared light emitter forms a beam of infrared (IR) light directed onto a set of mirrors or reflecting surfaces arranged to form a closed path about a swimming pool and spaced above the pool deck a sufficient amount so as to be intercepted by anyone who might walk through it. After the reflected beam has traversed the closed path about the pool, it then impinges upon a light detector. An electric circuit provides a continuous alarm which can either be sound or visual upon beam interruption and which must be manually reset before it becomes inactive. The monitoring system may be actuated so the operative state by a handheld radio frequency transmitter. Electrical power for the system can be a rechargeable battery which is recharged by a solar array mounted directly onto a part of the system obviating the need for interconnecting cable wiring.
Claims I claim: 1. A system for determining the presence of an individual within a predetermined distance of the edge of a swimming pool surrounded by a deck, comprising: means fixedly mounted to the deck for directing a beam of infrared light along a linear direction generally parallel to the deck; first, second and third reflecting units fixedly mounted on the deck at separate spaced apart points, said reflecting units being so arranged as to serially reflect the infrared beam in a closed path about the pool of predetermined geometry and dimensions and in a single plane, the last reflection bringing the beam to a point closely adjacent to the means for directing the infrared beam; means responsive to the infrared beam for producing an electrical signal, the said means being located to interrupt the infrared beam after the last reflection at a point closely adjacent to the means for directing the infrared beam; base plate means for unitarily mounting the infrared beam directing means and a means responsive to a lack of said electric signal for producing an actuating signal; a first radio frequency transmitter responsive to the actuating signal for producing an alarm signal; an alarm receiver means responsive to the alarm signal for producing an alarm drive; an alarm means responsive to the alarm drive; a remotely located second radio frequency transmitter; a second radio frequency receiver tuned to the second transmitter; a relay actuated by signals received from said second receiver to interconnect an electric supply to the system; and reset means located at the alarm means for selectively turning off the alarm means. 2. A system as in claim 1, in which the electric supply is provided mounted onto the baseplate means including rechargeable battery means and a solar array for charging the same. 3. A system as in claim 1, in which the infrared beam moves along the closed path at a distance from the deck lying within the range of 2-4 inches. 4. A system as in claim 1, in which a low supply voltage sensor interconnects with the electric supply and the means for producing an actuating signal and causes an actuating signal to be produced when the electric supply drops below a predetermined value. 