A container for accommodating a solar ray-collecting device comprises a cylindrical body and a transparent dome mounted on the body for accommodating therein the solar ray-collecting device. A fin for mounting the dome on the cylindrical body is unitarily attached to the lower opening end of the dome. The cylindrical body has therein a stand for carrying thereon the solar ray-collecting device. The lower end of the cylindrical body is cut off along the slanted surface of the roof.
Claims We claim: 1. A solar ray-collecting device mountable within an opening in a roof of a building in which said roof is inclined relative to horizontal, comprising a cylindrical body having a longitudinal axis and upper and lower longitudinal ends, a transparent dome mounted on said upper longitudinal end of said cylindrical body, solar ray-collecting means disposed within said transparent dome and within said cylindrical body, securing means on said cylindrical body for mounting said cylindrical body in said opening in said roof with said longitudinal axis of said cylindrical body disposed vertically upright and with said upper longitudinal end of said cylindrical body extending above said roof and said lower longitudinal end of said cylindrical body extending below said roof and into said building, a bottom closure member mounted on said lower longitudinal end of said cylindrical body and movable between open and closed positions to thereby provide for inspection of said solar ray-collecting means. 2. A solar ray-collecting device according to claim 1, wherein said solar ray-collecting means comprises an optical conductor cable means, said cylindrical body having an opening means through which said cable means extends to thereby conduct collected solar rays to the interior of said building. 3. A solar ray-collecting device according to claim 2, wherein said cylindrical body has a cylindrical side wall portion disposed below said roof and within said building, said opening means being disposed in said cylindrical side wall portion. 4. A solar ray-collecting device according to claim 1, wherein said lower longitudinal end of said cylindrical body is defined by a terminating end face which is perpendicular to the longitudinal axis of said cylindrical body, said bottom closure member being mounted on said terminating end face. 5. The combination comprising a solar ray-collecting device and an inclined roof structure of a building on which said solar ray-collecting device is mounted, said solar ray-collecting device comprising a cylindrical body having a longitudinal axis and upper and lower longitudinal ends, a transparent dome mounted on said upper longitudinal end of said cylindrical body, solar ray-collecting means disposed within said transparent dome and within said cylindrical body, said inclined roof structure having means defining an opening, securing means on said cylindrical body and on said inclined roof structure for mounting said cylindrical body in said opening in said inclined roof structure with said longitudinal axis of said cylindrical body being disposed vertically upright and with said upper longitudinal end of said cylindrical body extending above said roof structure and said lower longitudinal end of said cylindrical body extending below said roof structure within said building, and a bottom closure member mounted on said lower longitudinal end of said cylindrical body and movable between open and closed positions to thereby provide for inspection of said solar ray-collecting means within said cylindrical body. 6. The combination according to claim 5, wherein said solar ray-collecting means comprises an optical conductor cable means, said cylindrical body having an opening means through which said cable means extends to thereby conduct collected solar rays to the interior of said building. 7. The combination according to claim 6, wherein said cylindrical body has a cylindrical side wall portion disposed below said inclined roof structure to thereby extend into said building, said opening means being disposed in said cylindrical side wall portion. 8. The combination according to claim 5, wherein said lower longitudinal end of said cylindrical body is defined by a terminating end face which is perpendicular to the longitudinal axis of said cylindrical body, said bottom closure member being mounted on said terminating end face. 