A baseboard for orthogonal mounting of integrated circuit chips is described. Plural channels (14) are anisotropically etched in a silicon baseboard (10). A corresponding plurality of integrated circuit chips (12) are inserted into the channels (14). A number of baseboard contact pads (18) are formed adjacent each channel (14), and are solder bonded to corresponding chip conductor pads (16). Interconnect conductors (20, 28) provide connection of each baseboard pad (18) either to other chips (12) or to connector pads (22) located adjacent an edge (26) of the baseboard chip mount (10). A coating (30) of silicon carbide over the surface of the baseboard chip mount (10) improves the thermal efficiency of the assembly.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An integrated circuit packaging apparatus comprising: a baseboard constructed of a semiconductor material, having a planar face, having a channel disposed at said planar face for receiving therewithin an edge of an integrated circuit chip; a plurality of baseboard pads disposed adjacent said channel and at said planar face for providing electrical connections to pads of an integrated circuit chip received by said channel; and a plurality of connector pads located on said planar face adjacent an edge of said baseboard, and including interconnect conductors connecting said connector pads to ones of said baseboard pads, wherein said interconnect conductors are disposed below the surface of said planar face. 2. The packaging apparatus of claim 1 wherein said baseboard is constructed of silicon. 3. The packaging apparatus of claim 2 wherein said silicon planar face at which said channel is disposed is in the <110> crystal lattice plane. 4. The packaging apparatus of claim 1 further including a thermally conductive coating of material covering a selected portion of said planar face. 5. The packaging apparatus of claim 4 wherein said thermally conductive coating covers the surfaces of said channel. 6. The packaging apparatus of claim 4 wherein said thermally conductive coating comprises silicon carbide. 7. The packaging apparatus of claim 1, wherein said interconnect conductors are formed in multiple vertically disposed layers. 8. The packaging apparatus of claim 4 and further including a plurality of channels disposed on the bottom of the baseboard, said bottom and said channels including a coating of said thermally conductive material. 9. An integrated circuit packaging apparatus comprising: a baseboard constructed of a semiconductor material, having a planar face, having a channel disposed at said planar face for receiving therewithin an edge of an integrated circuit chip; a plurality of baseboard pads disposed adjacent said channel and at said planar face for providing electrical connections to pads of an integrated circuit chip received by said channel; and at least one solder conductor pad on said planar face located adjacent said channel and on the opposite side thereof from said baseboard pads for providing a connecting means to the backside of the chip. 10. An integrated circuit packaging apparatus comprising: a baseboard constructed of a semiconductor material, having a planar face, having a channel disposed at said planar face for receiving therewithin an edge of an integrated circuit chip; a plurality of baseboard pads disposed adjacent said channel and at said planar face for providing electrical connections to pads of an integrated circuit chip received by said channel; an integrated circuit chip having an edge inserted into said channel and having a chip pad located near an edge of said chip; and a conductive connection between said chip pad and the conductive solar pad of said baseboard. 11. An integrated circuit packaging apparatus comprising: a baseboard constructed of a semiconductor material, having a planar face, having a channel disposed at said planar face for receiving therewithin an edge of an integrated circuit chip; and a plurality of baseboard pads disposed adjacent said channel and at said planar face for providing electrical connections to pads of an integrated circuit chip received by said channel; wherein said baseboard pads are disposed adjacent one side of said channel; and further including an electrical contact pad disposed on the other side of said channel for making contact to the backside of the integrated circuit chip. 12. The packaging apparatus of claim 11 wherein said electrical contact pad comprises a bus extending substantially the length of said channel. 13. The packaging apparatus of claim 10 wherein said integrated circuit chip includes a chip pad on opposing sides thereof, and further including a baseboard pad on opposing sides of said channel each in registry with one said chip pad. 14. The packaging apparatus of claim 10 and further including a plurality of chip pads for providing electrical connections to said chip, said plurality of chip pads being spaced from the edge portion of said integrated circuit chip. 15. The packaging apparatus of claim 14 wherein said plurality of chip pads are spaced from said edge portion a distance about the same as the depth of said channel. 16. The packaging apparatus of claim 14 wherein the chip pads are arranged on the chip and the baseboard pads are arranged on baseboard in such a manner that when the chip is inserted in said channel the chip pads are adjacent corresponding baseboard pads. 17. The packaging apparatus of claim 17 further including a solder connection between each said chip pad and a corresponding one of said baseboard pads. 18. Apparatus for mounting an integrated circuit chip to a baseboard, comprising: a silicon baseboard having a planar face with a channel disposed thereinto; an interconnect conductor formed on said planar face; an insulation layer covering said interconnect conductor and said planar face; a thermally conductive dielectric material covering said insulation material; a conductive solder pad disposed in said dielectric material adjacent said channel and extending through said insulation layer in electrical contact with one end of said interconnect conductor; and a connector pad disposed in said dielectric material adjacent an edge of said planar face and extending through said insulation layer in contact with said interconnect conductor. 19. The mounting apparatus of claim 18 further including in combination an integrated circuit chip having an edge inserted into said channel and having a chip pad located near an edge of said chip, and a conductive connection formed between said chip pad of said chip and said conductive solder pad of said baseboard. 20. The mounting apparatus of claim 18 wherein said thermally conductive material comprises silicon carbide. 21. The mounting apparatus of claim 18 wherein said silicon face at which said channel is disposed is in the <110> crystal lattice plane. 22. The mounting apparatus of claim 18 wherein said insulation layer comprises silicon dioxide. 23. The mounting apparatus of claim 18 wherein said insulation layer comprises silicon nitride. 24. The mounting apparatus of claim 19 wherein said chip pad is located a distance from the edge of said circuit chip approximately equal to the depth of said channel in said silicon baseboard. 25. A method of fabricating a baseboard chip mount holding an integrated circuit chip, comprising the steps of: forming a channel in a body of semiconductor material at a surface thereof; forming a plurality of electrical contacts adjacent to said channel at said surface; inserting an integrated circuit chip at least partially within said channel; contacting said electrical contacts to said chip; and forming electrical contacts on opposing sides of the channel to provide electrical connections to corresponding opposing sides of the integrated circuit chip. 26. The method of claim 25 and further including etching said channel in the baseboard formed of a silicon material. 27. The method of claim 25 and further including forming said channel in the baseboard formed of a ceramic material. 28. The method of claim 26 wherein said silicon is fabricated with a <110> plane orthogonal to a top planar surface of the silicon. 29. The method of claim 28 and further including forming said channel by anisotropic etching in the <110> crystal plane. 30. The method of claim 25 and further including forming said channel slightly wider than the width of the chip, and coating said channel with a thermally conductive material. 31. The method of claim 30 and further including coating a desired surface area of the rigid material with a thermally conductive material. 32. The method of claim 31 and further including forming an adherent thermally conductive material in said channel and on said desired surface area. 33. The method of claim 32 and further comprising forming a layer of silicon carbide in said channel. 34. The method of claim 25 further including forming a conductor line connected to each said electrical contact. 35. The method of claim 34 further including forming desired ones of said conductor lines in a vertically disposed manner so as to form multiple layers of conductor lines. 36. The method of claim 34 wherein said conductor lines are formed with doped polycrystalline silicon. 37. A method of fabricating a chip mount for holding integrated circuit chips, comprising the steps of: depositing a layer of a conductive material on a planar surface of a baseboard of semiconductor material; masking and patterning said conductive material to form interconnecting conductors; forming a layer of insulation over said interconnected conductors; masking and patterning areas in said insulation in forming surface contacts to the interconnected conductors; depositing a conductive material on said insulation and patterning the conductive material to form surface contacts; masking and patterning areas on said surface of the baseboard defining elongated channel areas; and removing the baseboard material in the channel areas to form channels dimensioned to receive the integrated circuit chips. 38. The method of claim 37 wherein said removing step comprises etching a channel in a silicon baseboard material. 39. The method of claim 38 wherein said removing step further includes anisotropically etching the channel. 40. The method of claim 37 wherein said channels are formed adjacent ones of said interconnect conductors. 41. The method of claim 40 and further including forming said surface contacts adjacent said channel. 