A multi-holed golf course having fariways, greens and tee boxes comprising a television monitor located on the tee box; a videocassette player; a videocassette within said videocassette player having video images stored thereon including images of the golf hole on which the apparatus is located; and apparatus to initiate play of the videocassette player so as to display video images of said golf hole upon said television monitor. Electrical power may be provided by a battery connected to a battery charger operated by solar panels located on top of a cabinet which contains the television monitor and videocassette player.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a multi-holed golf course having fairways, greens and tee boxes the improvement comprising: a television monitor located on the tee box; a videocassette player; a videocassette within said videocassette player having video images stored thereon including video images the golf hole and strategy information concerning the hole on which the apparatus is located; and means to initiate play of said videocassette player so as to display said video images of said golf hole upon said television monitor. 2. The apparatus in accordance with claim 1 further including a solar energy array, a battery charger, and a battery source to operate said monitor and videocassette player. 3. The apparatus in accordance with claim 2 further comprising a cabinet to house said monitor and said videocassette player and wherein said cabinet has a top portion and said solar array is displayed upon said top portion of said cabinet. 4. A multi-holed golf course having fairways, greens and tee boxes comprising: a television monitor located on said golf course; a videocassette player; a videocassette within said videocassette player having video images stored therein including images and relevant strategy information concerning one of the golf holes on said course; and means to initiate play of said videocassette player so as to display the video images of said golf hole upon said television monitor so as to assist the user thereof with the strategy of golf. 