A solar energy system includes fluidically innerconnected lower and upper collectors. The lower collector includes inner and outer cabinets with an interstitial space therebetween adapted to receive compost or a similar material for providing insulation, thermal storage mass and heat generation through decomposition. The upper collector includes a vessel assembly with water compartments and a reflector assembly for irradiating the vessel assembly with indirect solar insolation. The upper collector also includes thermal storage mass. Heated air from the lower collector inner cabinet is drawn or pumped into the upper collector for increasing the heat output of the latter.
Claims What is claimed and desired to be secured by Letters Patent is as follows: 1. A solar energy system, which includes: (a) a lower solar energy collector comprising: (1) an outer cabinet including a top, bottom, a front, a back and opposite sides; (2) said outer cabinet including an opening; (3) said outer cabinet forming an enclosed interior; (4) an inner cabinet including a top, a bottom, a front, a back and opposite sides; (5) said inner cabinet including an opening; (6) said inner cabinet forming an inner cabinet interior; (7) inner cabinet mounting means mounting said inner cabinet in spaced relation from said outer cabinet within said outer cabinet interior whereby an interstitial space is formed between said inner and outer cabinets; (8) an inlet fluid conduit extending through said outer cabinet and fluidically communicating with said inner cabinet interior; (9) a fluid outlet conduit extending through said outer cabinet and fluidically communicating with said inner cabinet interior; and (10) transparent panel means adapted to cover said cabinet openings; (b) an upper collector including: (1) a housing with a top, a bottom, a front, a back and opposite sides; (2) said housing having an opening and a transparent panel covering said opening; (3) said housing forming an enclosed interior; (4) a fluid vessel positioned within said interior in proximity to said opening; (5) vessel mounting means mounting said vessel within said housing interior in proximity to said housing opening; (6) a fluid inlet conduit extending through said housing and fluidically communicating with said vessel; (7) a fluid outlet conduit extending through said housing and fluidically communicating with said vessel; and (8) thermal energy storage means positioned within said housing interior; and (c) interconnector fluid conduit means fluidically communicating said inner cabinet interior with said housing interior. 2. The solar energy system according to claim 1, which includes: (a) compost in said interstitial space. 3. The solar energy system according to claim 1, which includes: (a) said fluid in said lower solar energy collector comprising gas. 4. The solar energy system according to claim 1 wherein: (a) said inner cabinet includes a pair of side openings and a pair of prisms each covering a respective side opening and communicating light from said interstitial space to said inner cabinet interior. 5. The solar energy system according to claim 1 wherein: (a) said outer cabinet includes a sloping panel hingedly mounted on said top and extending between said outer cabinet top and front, said sloping panel including said outer cabinet opening. 6. The solar energy system according to claim 1, which includes: (a) a reflector assembly mounted within said upper collector interior between said vessel and said thermal energy storage means. 7. The solar energy system according to claim 1 wherein: (a) said vessel comprises a pair of juxtaposed containers. 8. The solar energy system according to claim 7 wherein: (a) each said container includes a fluid-containing compartment with an outwardly-convex cross-sectional configuration. 9. The solar energy system according to claim 7 wherein: (a) each said container has a generally semi-cylindrical configuration. 10. The solar energy system according to claim 7 wherein: (a) each said container includes a pump fluidically communicating with said inlet and outlet conduits and adapted for pumping fluid through said container. 11. The solar energy system according to claim 1 wherein: (a) said thermal energy storage means comprises a plurality of transversly-extending pipes and a granular material contained within said pipes. 12. The solar energy system according to claim 1 wherein: (a) said thermal energy storage means comprises a fluid compartment positioned at the back of said upper collector housing. 