A tubular gear made of shape memory alloy in sheet form, having longitudi corrugations and being floatingly supported for rotation about an axis fixedly spaced from the rotational axis of a roller gear in meshing engagement with the corrugations. The tubular gear is sequentially deformed by exposure to radiated heat causing the shape memory alloy to expand circumferentially. Said meshing engagement with roller gear and such deformation of the tubular gear within differential temperature regions established by restricted exposure to the radiated heat; induces and sustains rotation of the tubular gear to convert the heat energy into mechanical energy.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An engine for converting radiated heat energy into mechanical energy comprising a tube made of sheet material with shape memory properties having axially extending corrugations thereon, a toothed roller in meshing engagement with said corrugations within a cold thermal region, frame means for establishing a pair of fixedly spaced axes and means rotatively positioning the tube and the roller on said fixedly spaced axes restrictively exposing the corrugations to the radiated heat energy and producing a temperature differential with respect to the corrugations in said cold thermal region for inducing rotation of the tube and the roller about said fixedly spaced axes. 2. The combination of claim 1 wherein said sheet material is Nitinol having an austenitic state within a thermal heating region to which said exposure of the corrugations to the radiated heat energy is restricted in spaced relation to the cold thermal region within which the Nitinol is in martenistic state. 3. The combination of claim 2 wherein said radiated heat energy is solar radiation. 4. The combination of 3 wherein said roller includes rigie teeth having a pitch spacing less than of that the corrugations during said exposure thereof to the heat energy within the thermal heating region. 5. The combination of claim 4 wherein said rotatively positioning means includes support means floatingly mounting the tube for sequential deformation of the corrugations in response to said exposure thereof to the radiated heat energy and said meshing engagement thereof with the roller. 6. The combination of claim 5 wherein said sequential deformation of the corrugations maintains unbalanced force conditions relative to a line of symmetry interconnecting the fixedly spaced axes to continue said induced rotation of the tube and the roller. 7. The combination of claim 1 wherein said radiated heat energy is solar radiation. 8. The combination of claim 2 wherein said roller includes rigid teeth having a pitch spacing less than that of the corrugations within the thermal heating region. 9. The combination of claim 1 wherein said rotative positioning means includes support means floatingly mounting the tube for sequential deformation of the corrugations in response to said exposure thereof to the radiated heat energy and said meshing engagement thereof with the roller. 10. The combination of claim 9 wherein said sequential deformation of the corrugations maintains unbalanced force conditions relative to a line of symmetry interconnecting the fixedly spaced axes. 11. In combination with a source of radiated heat energy means for converting the heat energy into mechanical energy, comprising: a driven gear, frame means mounting the driven gear for rotation about an axis operatively oriented relative to said source, an energy input gear in meshing engagement with said driven gear and supporting means rotatively mounting the input gear on the frame means in said meshing engagement with the driven gear for establishing differential temperature regions on the input gear in response to exposure thereof to the radiated heat energy within one of said regions, said input gear comprising tubular means sequentially deformed in response to said exposure thereof to the radiated heat energy within said one of the regions and said meshing engagement thereof with the driven gear within the other of the differential temperature regions for maintaining said rotation of the driven gear. 12. The combination of claim 11 wherein said tubular means includes corrugations made of shape memory sheet material with which the driven gear is in said meshing engagement. 13. The combination of claim 12 wherein said frame means establishes another axis, about which the input gear is rotatable in fixedly spaced relation to the first mentioned axis, said axes being in perpendicular intersecting relation to a line of symmetry extending through said differential temperature regions in substantially 180.degree. angular spaced relation to each other on the input gear. 14. The combination of claim 11 wherein said frame means establishes another axis about which the input gear is rotatable in fixedly spaced relation to the first mentioned axis, said axes being in perpendicular intrersecting relation to a line of symmetry extending through said differential temperature regions in substantially 180.degree. angular spaced relation to each other on the input gear. 15. In combination with a source of radiated heat energy, means for converting the heat energy into mechanical energy, comprising a pair of gears and frame means mounting said gears for rotation about fixedly spaced axes in operatively oriented relation to said source, one of said gears comprising tubular means rotatable about one of said axes for restricted exposure to the radiated heat energy within a thermal heating region and deformable means carried by the tubular means in meshing engagement with the other of the gears within a thermally colder region at a predetermined differential to said thermal heating region for inducing rotation of the gears about said fixedly spaced axes. 16. The combination of claim 15 wherein said deformable means is made of sheet material having shape memory properties characterized by an austenitic state thereof within the thermal heating region and a martenisitic within the thermally colder region. 