The present invention provides a portable food and beverage cooler with an integral audio receiver, preferably and AM/FM radio receiver. The cooler has an outer shell, an intermediate insulation layer, an inner shell, a partially removable top with handle for carrying cooler, and an inner compartment enclosed by four adjoining walls for holding food and beverages. The audio receiver includes a plurality of components including the receiver unit, one or more speakers, a power source battery, receptacle for earphones, jack separately mounted in compartments provided in one or more of the walls, with components in the wiring means connecting the audio insulation layer. Protective screens and waterproof sealing means are provided for keeping sand and moisture out of the speakers to improve quality of sound. Insulation of cooler also insulate components from sand, heat and moisture.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A portable cooler for carrying food and/or beverages comprising: (A) an insulated container of generally rectangular conventional construction including a coolant packet comprising; i. an outer shell of generally rectangular construction constructed of a sheet of molded plastic; ii. an inner shell spaced inwardly and connected to the outer shell forming an intermediate void; iii. an intermediate layer of insulating material having a composition adapted to permit pouring of the insulating material into the void to fill it during construction of the container; (B) four adjoining walls, including a first wall and a second wall integrally connected to a base defining a space for storing and carrying items, being kept cool; (C) an audio unit having an electrical circuit securely mounted in the first wall comprising; i. a receiver securely attached to the first wall and extending into the void between the outer shell and the inner shell with conventional control knob means extending outwardly through a cutout in the outer shell and being sealably surrounded by the insulating material; ii. a speaker member securely mounted on the first wall having mounting plate means positioned in the void between the outer shell and the inner shell with screw means extending outwardly through a cut-out in the outer shell and being sealably surrounded by the insulating material; iii. a power source compartment formed in the void between the outer shell and the inner shell with an opening in the outer shell and being sealably surrounded by the insulating material; (D) An antenna retractably mounted on the longitudinal handle having a first position in a slot provided in the handle and a second position in perpendicular relation to the handle for receiving transmission signals; (E) a partially removable top, having hinged cooperation with the container, (F) a plurality of wire means for connecting the power source compartment to the radio receiver and to the first and second speakers being disposed in the void and sealably surrounded by insulating material. 2. The improved portable cooler of claim 1 wherein the receiver, the first and second speakers and the power source compartment are sealably positioned and affixed in the wall by liquid foam insulation inserted between the outer shell and the inner shell. 3. The improved portable cooler of claim 1 wherein the top is hinged for opening and is provided with an integral handle and latching means. 4. The improved portable cooler of claim 1 wherein the power source is a 9 volt d.c. battery. 5. The portable cooler of claim 1 wherein the audio unit comprises a plurality of speakers. 6. The portable cooler of claim 1 wherein the audio unit comprises an AM/FM radio. 7. The improved portable cooler of claim 1 wherein the audio unit is a compact disc player. 8. The improved portable cooler of claim 1 wherein the power source is a solar power unit. 9. an improved cooler with audio receiver system, for carrying food and beverages with coolant pack comprising; (A) an insulated container of generally rectangular construction comprising; i. an outer shell constructed of hard plastic of a generally rectangular construction having a plurality of cut-outs comprising an audio receiver cut-out, one or more speaker cut-outs and a power source compartment; ii. an inner shell connected to and concentric with the outer shell providing an intermediate void; iii. an intermediate layer of insulating material filling the void and surrounding the compartments; iv. four adjoining walls integrally connected to a base defining a space for items where a first wall includes a receiver compartment in cooperation with the audio receiver cut-out and one or more speaker compartments in cooperation with the speaker cut-out, and a power source compartment in cooperation with the power source cut-out wherein the insulating material encloses the compartments, (B) an audio unit having an electrical circuit securely mounted in the first wall comprising: i. a receiver securely attached to the first wall extending into the void between the outer shell and the inner shell with conventional control knob means extending outwardly through a cut-out in the outer shell and being sealably surrounded by the insulating material; ii. a speaker member securely mounted on the first wall having mounting plate means positioned in the void between the outer shell and the inner shell with screw means extending outwardly through a cut-out in the outer shell and being sealably surrounded by the insulating material; iii a power source compartment formed in the void between the outer shell and the inner shell with an opening in the outer shell and being sealably surrounded by the insulating material; (C) electrical means for connecting the audio circuit components including the audio receiver component is installed in a compartment provided in first wall, the speaker component is installed in the speaker compartment. (D) wire means connecting the audio receiver, the speaker member and the power source. 