The apparatus includes a basin with a 10-50 cm depth preferably 20 cm and at least a metal halide high pressure lamp (MeH), a mercury high pressure lamp (HgH) or a mercury low pressure lamp (HgN) with filters. The lamps have a spectral range of 290 to 400 nm and are arranged to illuminate prone support surfaces. The bath tub may be made of an acid resistant material, preferably a synthetic plastic. A fixed or removable plastic prone support surface in the tub bottom and a liquid inlet and outlet for circulation of the solution for processing and storage are provided. The outlet is connected to the inlet through a filter device, a processing tank, a thermally insulated storage tank, a thermostatically controlled flow heater and a pumping device. A radiation source may be located under the prone support surface.
Claims I claim: 1. A treatment apparatus comprising: a salt bath basin containing a salt solution exhibiting a prone support surface at a depth of 10-50 cm, below a surface of said salt solution and a liquid outlet; means for emitting light radiation having a spectral wavelength of 290-420 nm arranged to irradiate said prone support surface; means for processing said salt solution which is connected to said liquid outlet, wherein said means for processing: (a) filters the salt solution from said liquid outlet, (b) controls the temperature of said salt solution, and (c) controls the salt bath composition of said salt solution means for filling said salt bath basin with processed solution from said means for processing. 2. A treatment apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said salt bath basin further comprises a mobility basin having a greater depth than said prone support surface. 3. A treatment apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said means for emitting light radiation comprises a lamp means for generating radiation and a means for filtering said radiation. 4. A treatment apparatus according to claim 3, wherein said means for filtering passes radiation only in the area of 380 nm. 5. A treatment apparatus according to claim 3, wherein said means for filtering reduces a UVB component of effective radiation compared with total solar radiation by a factor of at least 2.5. 6. A treatment apparatus according to claim 3, wherein said salt bath basin further comprises a bath tub made of an acid resistant material and said prone support surface is removably installed above the bottom of the tub and made of a synthetic plastic. 7. A treatment apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said salt bath basin further comprises a bath tub made of an acid resistant material, and said prone support surface being fixedly installed above the bottom of the tub and made of a synthetic plastic. 8. A treatment apparatus according to claim 7, further comprising a pump connected to a thermostatically controlled heating device beneath said prone support surface. 9. A treatment apparatus according to claim 6, wherein said means for processing said salt solution comprises a filter device, a processing tank, a thermally insulated storage tank, a thermostatically controlled flow heater and a pumping device connected to a liquid inlet means in said basin. 10. A treatment apparatus according to claim 9, further comprising a controllable valve in a fresh water feeder line and a second controllable valve in a drain line, each of said lines being connected to said processing tank. 11. A treatment apparatus according to claim 9, further comprising at least one additional bath tub, said bath tubs being connected in parallel feed arrangement with respect to each other and in parallel with respect to said means for processing and storage by way of intermediate valves. 12. A treatment apparatus according to claim 3, further comprising tubs supported on rollers for supporting said bath basin. 13. A treatment apparatus according to claim 3, wherein said lamp means is arranged above said basin. 14. A treatment apparatus as in claim 13, wherein said lamp means is mobile. 15. A treatment apparatus according to claim 14, wherein said lamp means is adjustable in height. 16. A treatment apparatus according to claim 3, wherein said prone support surface is clear and a lamp means is located beneath said prone support surface. 17. A treatment apparatus according to claim 7, wherein said prone support surface is clear and a lamp means is located beneath said prone support surface. 18. A treatment apparatus according to claim 12, wherein said prone support surface is clear and a lamp means is located beneath said prone support surface. 19. A treatment apparatus according to claim 7, wherein said means for processing said salt solution comprises: a filter device, a processing tank, a thermally insulated storage tank, a thermostatically controlled flow heater and a pumping device connected to a liquid inlet means in said basin. 20. A treatment apparatus according to claim 19, further comprising a controllable valve in a fresh water feeder line and a second controllable valve in a drain line, each of said lines being connected to said processing tank. 21. A treatment apparatus according to claim 19, further comprising at least one additional bath tub in particular bath tubs connected in parallel with respect to each other and to said means for processing and storage by means of intermediate valves. 22. A treatment apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the salt solution exhibits a salinity of 299.89 and has an ion concentration, in mg per liter of water, with +20% tolerance of: 23. A treatment apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the salt solution exhibits a specific gravity of 1.2 to 1.3 and has a composition in g per liter of water, with +20% tolerance of: 24. A treatment apparatus comprising: a salt bath containing a salt solution at a temperature of about 36 degrees centigrade, and exhibiting a center axis, a prone support surface at a depth of about 20 cm below a surface of said salt solution, a liquid outlet, and a liquid inlet; filtered lights emitting light radiation having a spectral wavelength of 290-420 nm, a uvb component equal to that of total solar radiation reduced by a factor of at least 2.5 times, and a maximum value of erythemously effective radiation equal to 0.028 Watts per square meter, said filtered lights arranged on a horizontal axis parallel to the center axis of said bath to irradiate said prone support surface; a pump for recirculating said salt solution from said liquid outlet through a heat exchange and a filter device to said liquid inlet. 25. A treatment apparatus according to claim 24, wherein said salt solution exhibits a salinity of 299.89 and an ion concentration, in mg per liter of water with a 20% tolerance, of: 26. A treatment apparatus comprising: a salt bath containing a salt solution at a temperature of about 36 degrees centigrade, and exhibiting a center axis, a prone support surface at a depth of about 20 cm, a liquid outlet, and a liquid inlet; filtered lights emitting light radiation having a spectral wavelength of 290-420 nm, a uvb component equal to that of total solar radiation reduced by a factor of at least 2.5 times, and a maximum value of erythemously effective radiation equal to 0.028 Watts per square meter, said filtered lights arranged on a horizontal axis parallel to said center axis of said bath to irradiate said prone support surface; a line connecting said bath to a used water tank; a combination pump and filter connected from said used water tank to a storage tank; a second pump connecting said storage tank to said used water tank; a third pump connecting said storage tank to said bath; and a line connecting a fresh water source to said storage tank. 27. A treatment apparatus according to claim 26, wherein said salt solution exhibits a salinity of 299.89 and an ion concentration, in mg per liter of water with a 20% tolerance of: and further comprising: means for continuously monitoring said temperature, said salinity, and said ion concentration of said salt solution in said processing tank. 28. A treatment apparatus according to claim 27, further comprising a plurality of said salt baths, wherein said salt baths are connected in parallel with respect to each other and in parallel with respect to said used water and storage tanks by means of intermediate valves. 