A solar collector for the generation of high temperatures including a tubke housing defining a cavity, a glass plate for sealingly closing the cavity, a selective absorber and a trasparent thermal insulation structure located on the inside of the glass plate. An air gap separates the selective absorber from the glass plate. The solar collector is operated at a vacuum of less than 10000 pascal by means of a vacuum pump. The transparent thermal insulating member reduces the air convection and acts similarly to a mulitple pane for the reflected, diffuse thermal radiation. High efficiencies are thus achievable even at large temperature difference between the absorber and the area outside the solar collector. The thermal insulation effect of the air gap and at the same time of the microporous thermal insulation located in the bottom of the housing is varied by regulation of the degree of vacuum. A higher air pressure results in greater thermal losses of the absorber toward the thermal insulation member and the microporous insulation, whereby the temperature of the absorber is controllable.
Claims I claim: 1. Solar collector for the generation of high temperatures, said solar collector including a housing, said housing defining a cavity, a glass plate forming a sealing closure for said cavity, a selective absorber disposed in said cavity, said cavity being at least partially evacuated so that it is at lower than atmospheric pressure, a transparent thermal insulation member sealingly secured to the glass plate inside said cavity, said thermal insulation member having a radiation length of less than 5 cm., a gap separating said thermal insulating member and said selective absorber, at least one of the inside walls of said housing having a microporous thermal insulating material disposed thereon, the pores of said microporous material being smaller than the mean free length of travel of air molecules at normal operating pressures in said cavity, and a heat exchange fluid in said cavity. 2. Solar collector according to claim 1, wherein said insulation member comprises a cellular honeycomb member, the cells of said honeycomb member being elongated so that their length is much greater than their diameter. 3. Solar collector according to claim 2, wherein the wall structures of said cells consist of polygons that of equal area. 4. Solar collector according to claim 3 wherein said polygons are hexagons. 5. Solar collector according to claim 3 wherein said polygons are quadrates. 6. Solar collector according to claim 2 wherein the insulation member is glued to said glass plate along the end face of said cells. 7. Solar collector according to claim 1 wherein a support member is provided which supports said glass plate relative to the external air pressure. 8. Solar collector according to claim 1 wherein the pressure in said cavity is less than 10,000 pascal. 9. Solar collector according to claim 1 wherein the pressure in said cavity is between 2000 and 5000 pascal. 10. Solar collector according to claim 1 wherein said heat exchange fluid operates at temperatures in excess of 200.degree. C. 11. Solar collector according to claim 1 wherein said gap has a width which is a function of the radiation length of said transparent thermal insulation member multiplied by the reciprocal of one half the emissivity of said selective absorber. 12. Solar collector according to claim 1 wherein the width of said gap is between 5 cm and 20 cm. 13. Solar collector according to claim 1 including a temperature sensor means for monitoring the temperature of the absorber, said sensor means connected to an input of an electronic control circuit, an output of said electronic control circuit connected to a vacuum pump for evacuating said cavity, whereby said electronic control controls the air pressure in said solar collector and the thermal conductivity of said microporous insulation material. 