A barrel-shaped solar roofing element consisting of a portion of a conical-shaped panel of a material such as PVC plastic formed by injection molding adapted for receiving an impingement of solar energy upon an outer surface thereof and constructed of insulative material having a relatively thin dimension, a passway extending throughout the panel for conduiting a heat exchanger fluid, the passway having a male coupling at one edge of the panel and a female coupling at a generally distal edge of the panel and constituting a fluid circuit, or at least a portion thereof, each of the male coupling and female coupling formed for interlocking with a complementary or mating kind of coupling of an adjacent panel.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar roofing element system comprising a curved panel portion of plastic formed by injection molding having a liquid passageway therethrough and presenting an outer surface adapted for receiving solar energy constructed generally of insulative material having a relatively thin dimension between the outer surface and the liquid passageway comprising a tapered barrel-shaped construction with a smaller substantially closed end of conic section opposed to a larger substantially closed end of conic section, and means for connecting the passageway extending throughout the panel to a solar system for processing heat exchange fluid, including a male coupling and a female coupling at opposite ends of the passageway being adapted for interlocking of adjacent panels with the couplings when installed. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the panel is of PVC. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the element is of a decorative color. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the element has flanges extending from the curved surface containing at least two mounting holes for receiving roofing nails. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein a plurality of panel elements have their passageways connected for processing heat exchange fluid in a solar energy system. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein the element is hollow underneath the curved panel portion and a polyurethane foam insulator panel is introduced in the hollow for residing between the element and a roof surface. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein grooves or ridges are formed in the curved panel portion to both enhanced solar heating and strength and rigidity to the structure of the panel. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein panel elements have a longitudinal dimension along two sides of which flanges extend to mate with flanges of adjacent panel elements when installed as shingles on a roof. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein an exterior surface of the panel is copper coated. 10. The method of making solar energy roofing element comprising the steps of forming by an injection molding process a plastic element configured to have a curved wall portion having an internal liquid transfer passageway and an outer surface adapted for exposure to solar radiation to heat liquid in the passageway, forming flanged elements thereon adapted to fit in shingled arrangement on a roof and forming the curved panel portion with a smaller end of conic section disposed downwardly on a tapered barrel-shaped body from a larger end of the conic section. 11. The method of claim 10 further comprising the step of forming substantially closed end walls at opposite ends of the curved portion providing a heat accumulating compartment partially surrounded by the curved wall portion. 12. The method of claim 11 further comprising the step of molding a male coupling and a female coupling in the end walls for interlocking together in a system of end to end panels with a common passageway for conduction of heat transfer liquid through the system. 13. The method of claim 10 including the step of molding the panel from PVC. 14. The method of claim 10 comprising the step of producing the curved panel portion from outer and inner laminations. 15. The method of claim 10 including the step of providing in the flanged elements of the panel at least one mounting hole for a receiving roofing nail. 16. The method of claim 10 including the steps of producing ridges in an outer surface of the curved panel portion with a polyurethane foam layer to insulate the hollow area from a roof on which the element is installed. 17. The method of claim 10 further comprising the steps of providing a hollow area inside said curved panel portion and attaching a polyurethane foam layer to insulate the hollow area from a roof on which the element is installed. 18. A solar roof panel system, comprising molded PVC plastic with tapered barrel-shaped outer surfaces installed on a sloping roof as shingles with a larger tapered end directed downwardly on the roof slope and having a longitudinal liquid passageway through individual elements terminating into interfitting couples for coupling the panel elements end to end. 19. The system of claim 18 having a barrel shape adjacent the liquid passageway extending from a planar footprint surface for presenting a conical area to solar radiation of greater surface area than the footprint surface area. 20. The system of claim 18 interlocked with similar panels in a solar energy collecting system with a liquid flow network. 21. The system of claim 20 installed on a roof with said panel elements as shingles. 