A rainbow forming device includes a light guide for transmitting visible light therethrough and a prism having a cross-section of a substantially equilateral triangle for splitting the light into a series of colors of the spectrum to form a rainbow. A light-emitting end of the light guide is set with its axis perpendicular to the prism's first edge. The visible light emitted from the light guide's end passes through the prism along the path from prism's first vertex including the prism's first edge to said prism's second vertex and the light split into colors of the spectrum are emitted from the prism's third vertex and forms a rainbow.
Claims I claim: 1. A rainbow forming device comprising an elongated light guide means having a longitudinal end portion terminating at a light-emitting end, said longitudinal end portion having a longitudinal axis, an elongated prism having a cross-section in the form of a substantially equilateral triangle, said prism having first, second and third vertexes at each of first, second and third edges, respectively, support means supporting said longitudinal end portion of said light guide means such that said longitudinal end portion of said light guide means is juxtaposed to said first prism edge and said longitudinal axis of said longitudinal end portion of said light guide means is substantially perpendicular to said first prism edge, said light-emitting end of said light guide means emitting visible light rays to said prism to pass through said prism along a path from said first vertex to said second vertex and the light rays are split into colors of the spectrum which are emitted from said third vertex to form an artificial rainbow. 2. A rainbow forming device according to claim 1, wherein said support means supports said longitudinal end portion of said light guide means and also supports said prism, said support means comprising adjustable means for adjusting the position of said longitudinal end portion of said light guide means relative to said prism. 3. A rainbow forming device according to claim 2, wherein said support means comprises an upright stand, said adjustable means comprising a first mounting means adjustably mounted on said stand, said first mounting means supporting said longitudinal end portion of said light guide means. 4. A rainbow forming device according to claim 3, wherein said first mounting means comprises a first member slidably and rotatably mounted on said stand and a second member rotatably mounted on said first member, said second member mounting said longitudinal end portion of said light guide means. 5. A rainbow forming device according to claim 3 further comprising second mounting means on said stand supporting said prism. 6. A rainbow forming device according to claim 5, wherein said second mounting means mounts said prism on said stand in a fixed position generally overlying said light-emitting end of said light guide means. 7. A rainbow forming device according to claim 5, wherein said prism has longitudinal ends, said second mounting means having two side plates which engage said longitudinal ends of said prism, said second mounting means further comprising a structure means structurally connecting said two side plates to said stand. 8. A rainbow forming device according to claim 7, wherein said second mounting means further comprises a first connecting member connected between said two side plates and a second connecting member connected between said two side plates, said first connecting member engaging and supporting said second vertex, said prism having a prism face opposite said second vertex, said second connecting member engaging and supporting said prism face. 9. A rainbow forming device according to claim 1, further comprising an enclosure housing disposed about said prism, said support means, and said longitudinal end portion of said light guide means. 10. A rainbow forming device according to claim 9, wherein said housing has a transparent member, said light rays emitted from said third vertex passing through said transparent member. 11. A rainbow forming device according to claim 10, wherein said transparent member is a flat transparent member. 12. A rainbow forming device according to claim 11, wherein said prism is operable to emit light rays split into colors of the spectrum through said transparent member onto a surface to form an artificial rainbow on said surface. 13. A rainbow forming device according to claim 9, wherein said support means comprises a stand having a base, said housing having a bottom, and fastening means fastening said base to said bottom of said housing. 14. A rainbow forming device according to claim 1, wherein said light guide means comprises a plurality of optical fiber elements bundled together to form an optical cable. 15. A rainbow forming device according to claim 1, further comprising solar ray collecting means for collecting solar rays, said solar ray collecting means having a plurality of solar ray collecting lenses, said light guide means comprising an optical cable comprises of a plurality of fiber optical elements, each of said fiber optical elements having a light-receiving end separately disposed at the focal point of one of said plurality of lenses so as to receive visible spectral components of said solar rays. 16. An artificial rainbow forming device comprising an enclosure housing, an upright stand in said housing, a first and second mounting means on said upright stand, an elongated light guide means extending into said housing and having a longitudinal end portion terminating at a light emitting end, said longitudinal end portion of said light guide means having a longitudinal axis, said first mounting means mounting said longitudinal end portion of said light guide means on said upright stand such that the position of said longitudinal end portion of said light guide means is adjustable relative to said upright stand, an elongated prism disposed in said housing, said second mounting means mounting said prism on said upright stand, said elongated prism having a cross section in the form of a substantially equilateral triangle, said prism having first, second and third vertexes at each of first, second and third edges, said first mounting means mounting said longitudinal end portion of said light guide means such that said longitudinal end portion of said light guide means is juxtaposed to said first prism edge and said longitudinal axis of said longitudinal end portion of said light guide means is substantially perpendicular to said first prism edge, said light-emitting end of said light guide means emitting visible light rays to said prism to pass through said prism along a path from said first prism vertex to said second prism vertex and the light rays are split into colors of the spectrum which are emitted from said third prism vertex, a cover means on said housing, said cover means having a transparent part, said light rays emitted from said third prism vertex passing through said transparent part to form an artificial rainbow externally of said housing. 17. An artificial rainbow forming device according to claim 16, wherein said prism has longitudinal ends, said second mounting means having two side plates which engage said longitudinal ends of said prism and a structure structurally connecting said side plates to said upright stand, said second mounting means further comprising a first connecting member connected between said two side plates and a second connecting member connected between said two side plates, said first connecting member engaging and supporting said second vertex, said prism having a prism face opposite said second vertex, said second connecting member engaging and supporting said prism face. 18. An artificial rainbow forming device according to claim 16, wherein said transparent part is a flat transparent member. 