A spacecraft structure for orbital assembly and servicing includes a payload module, a propulsion module and a bus module each of these modules includes attachement means for separately attching to the cargo bay of the Shuttle directly and via planar cradles. The bus module includes module docking and latching fittings at each end and matching locking and latching fittings at one end of each of said payload and propulsion modules. The bus module includes sectionalized assemblies forming a matrix of identical cavities adapted to receive orbital replacement submodules that allow easy replacement of equipment in orbit by an astronaut.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A latching assembly for linking one spacecraft module with another in space, comprising in combination: a first docking plate adapted to be mounted at one end to one spacecraft module and a second docking plate adapted to be mounted at one end to the mating spacecraft module; said first docking plate including a centrally located trunnion latch and a first plurality of reaction pads equally spaced from the latch; said second docking plate including a trunnion centrally located to mate with said latch and a second plurality of reaction pads equally spaced from the trunnion to mate with the reaction pads on said first docking plate; a funnel shaped docking guide extending from said first or said second of said plurality of reaction pads to guide the plates together and effect engagement of the trunnion with the latch; tongue and groove fittings; one of a pair of tongue or groove fittings being located on said first plate on opposite sides of said trunnion latch, and the mating one of groove or tongue fittings being located on said second plate on opposite sides of said trunnion. 2. A method for transporting a disassembled spacecraft into space by use of an Earth-to-space transport vehicle including a cargo bay and a manipulable arm, and for assembling said spacecraft in space, said spacecraft comprising (a) a payload module including mission sensors and mission equipment, and also including a first docking fitting at one end thereof, and (b) a propulsion module including fuel tanks and thrusters, and also including a second docking fitting at one end thereof, and (c) a bus module including electric power generation, communications and data handling systems, and also including at one end thereof a third docking fitting adapted to mate with said first docking fitting and at the other end thereof a fourth docking fitting adapted to mate with said second docking fitting, comprising the steps of: mounting said payload module in said cargo bay with said first docking fitting facing out of said cargo bay; mounting said propulsion module in said cargo bay with said second docking fitting facing out of said cargo bay; mounting said bus module in said cargo bay; using said arm, removing said bus module from said cargo bay, and positioning said bus module so that one of said third and fourth docking fittings dock with one of said first and second fittings, respectively, to thereby couple together said bus module and one of said payload and propulsion modules to form a partial spacecraft; using said arm, removing said partial spacecraft from said cargo bay, and positioning said partial spacecraft so that the other one of said third and fourth docking fittings docks with the other one of said first and second fittings to form an assembled spacecraft; using said arm, removing said assembled spacecraft from said bay; and releasing said assembled spacecraft from said arm. 3. A method according to claim 2 further comprising the step of translating at least one solar panel relative to said bus module after said step of removing said bus module from said bay to produce an extended solar panel. 4. A method for transportation of a disassembled spacecraft into space and for assembly in space of said spacecraft, comprising: mounting in the cargo bay of an Earth-to-space transport vehicle a payload module of said spacecraft bearing mission sensors and mission equipment at one end thereof and a first docking fitting at the other end thereof, said payload module being mounted in said cargo bay with said first docking fitting facing out of said cargo bay; mounting in said cargo bay of said transport vehicle a propulsion module of said spacecraft including propulsion fuel tanks and thrusters, and also including a second docking fitting at one end thereof, said propulsion module being mounted in said cargo bay with said second docking fitting facing out of said cargo bay; mounting in said cargo bay a bus module of said spacecraft including electric power generation, communications and data handling systems, and also including at one end thereof a third docking fitting adapted to mate with said first docking fitting and at the other end thereof a fourth docking fitting adapted to mate with said second docking fitting; using a manipulable mechanical arm of said transport vehicle, removing said bus module from said cargo bay, and positioning said bus module with one of said third and fourth docking fittings docked with one of said first and second docking fittings, respectively, to form a partially assembled spacecraft; using said manipulable mechanical arm, removing said partially assembled spacecraft from said cargo bay; using said manipulable mechanical arm, positioning said partially assembled spacecraft with the other one of said third and fourth docking fittings docked with the other one of said first and second docking fittings, respectively, to form an assembled spacecraft; using said manipulable mechanical arm, removing said assembled spacecraft from said cargo bay; and releasing said assembled spacecraft from said manipulable mechanical arm. 5. A method according to claim 4 further comprising the step of translating at least one solar panel relative to said bus module after said step of removing said bus module from said bay to produce a deployed solar panel. 6. An earth-to-space transporter vehicle including a manipulable mechanical arm and a cargo bay loaded with a disassembled spacecraft to be transported into space for assembly, comprising: a payload module of said spacecraft, said payload module including mission sensors and mission equipment, and also including a first docking fitting at one end thereof, said payload module being mounted in said cargo bay with said first docking fitting facing out of said bay; a propulsion module of said spacecraft, said propulsion module including fuel tanks and thrusters, and also including a second docking fitting at one end thereof, said propulsion module being mounted in said cargo bay with said second docking fitting facing out of said bay; and a bus module including electric power control, communications and data handling systems, and also including at one end thereof a third docking fitting adapted to mate with said first docking fitting and at the other end thereof a fourth docking fitting adapted to mate with said second docking fitting, said bus module being mounted in said cargo bay at a location accessible by said mechanical arm. 7. An arrangement according to claim 6 wherein one of said first and third docking fittings, and one of said second and fourth docking fittings, includes a trunnion latch fitting, and the other one of said first and third docking fittings, and the other one of said second and fourth docking fittings, includes a trunnion shaft fitting. 8. The combination of claim 7 wherein said trunnion latch fittings are motor driven, and further comprising reaction pads including posts with resilient metallic plates at the ends which are pre-loaded when the motor driven latch causes it to grip the associated trunnion shaft fitting and pull it into the associated trunnion latch fitting. 9. An arrangement according to claim 7 wherein said trunnion latch fittings are motorized. 10. An arrangement according to claim 7 wherein each of said first, second, third and fourth docking fittings includes a docking plate, and wherein said trunnion latch fittings are each located at the center of one of said docking plates, and further comprising a pair of one of tongue and groove fittings mounted with one element of each said pair on each side of each of said trunnion latch fittings. 11. An arrangement according to claim 7 wherein each of said first, second, third and fourth docking fittings includes a docking plate, and wherein said trunnion latch fittings are each located at the center of one of said docking plates, and further comprising reaction pad fittings equally distributed about said trunnion latch fittings on each of said docking plates. 12. An arrangement according to claim 11 wherein the number of said reaction pad fittings on each said docking plate is three. 13. An arrangement according to claim 6 wherein one of said first and third docking fittings, and one of said second and fourth docking fittings includes a tongue fitting, and the other one of said first and third docking fittings, and the other one of said second and fourth docking fittings, includes a mating groove fitting. 14. An arrangement according to claim 13 wherein each of said docking fittings includes a docking plate, and wherein the number of said tonque or groove fittings on each said docking plate is two. 15. An arrangement according to claim 6 wherein said first, second, third and fourth docking fittings include reaction pad fittings. 16. An arrangement according to claim 6 wherein said bus module comprises a central truss structure with first and second opposed broad surfaces, each of said first and second broad surfaces bearing a matrix of cavities adapted to receive orbital replacement submodules. 17. An arrangement according to claim 16 wherein said submodules are identical in size, shape and means for attachment and electric connection to said cavities. 