An electronic parking meter system for receiving at least one type of coin or other payment device and including circuits for controlling changeable parameters, such as temperature drift, low voltage levels, aging etc. The electronic parking meter has a power source which may be a solar type power source with a low voltage control circuit. The meter also has a microprocessor with a memory connected to the power supply. The microprocessor has a power-up mode, a standby mode and an operational mode. An electronic display is connected to the microprocessor and displays pertinent information. A coin received in the meter causes a signal to be generated upon receipt of the coin by a sensor. The meter also has a coin detector and a microprocessor controlled circuit for adjusting a setpoint of the coin detector.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A parameter control system for use in an electronic parking meter which can receive at least one type of payment element, said parking meter having at least one changeable parameter, said parameter being at least one of a temperature of the electronic parking meter, an adjustment for identifying the payment element and a low level of input voltage in the electronic parking meter, comprising: means for providing power having at least a voltage regulator and a means for providing an input voltage to said voltage regulator; means for processing connected to said means for providing power, said means for processing having at least a power-up mode, a standby mode and an operational mode, said means for processing being placed in said power-up mode by reset logic connected to the means for processing, said reset logic providing a reset signal to said means for processing at least when the electronic parking meter is first placed in operation; means for receiving the payment element and generating a payment signal upon receipt thereof; means for activating said means for processing in response to said payment signal, receipt of said payment signal causing said means for processing to change from said standby mode to said operational mode; adjustable means for identifying the type of payment element and providing an identification signal to said means for processing indicative of the payment element, said means for identifying having a setpoint, the setpoint being a predetermined adjustment of the means for identifying at which adjustment the means for identifying provides said identification signal in response to said meter receiving said payment element, said means for processing thereby determining from said identification signal if said payment element is acceptable; means for oscillating providing an oscillator output signal having a predetermined frequency, said oscillator output signal frequency divided by means for dividing to supply a clock signal to said means for processing, said means for dividing being deactivated by said means for activating when said means for processing is in said standby mode and activated by said means for activating when said means for processing is in said operational mode; means for displaying information connected to said means for processing; and means for controlling responsive to said changeable parameter and connected to at least one of said means for processing, said means for providing power and said means for identifying; wherein, when said changeable parameter is the low level of input voltage, said means for controlling shuts down said voltage regulator in said means for providing power whenever said input voltage to said voltage regulator has a level which is less than a predetermined voltage level; wherein, when said changeable parameter is the adjustment for identifying the payment element, said means for identifying sends a setpoint signal to said means for processing which thereby adjusts said setpoint of said means for identifying via said means for controlling; and wherein, when said changeable parameter is a temperature of the electronic parking meter, said means for controlling sends a signal indicative of said temperature to said means for processing to cause said means for processing to control at least said means for identifying. 2. A parameter control system according to claim 1, wherein said means for controlling is a means for effecting shutdown of said voltage regulator, said means for effecting shutdown providing high and low threshold levels to said voltage regulator, said voltage regulator going into a shutdown mode when said input voltage is less than said low threshold level and coming out of said shutdown mode when said input voltage exceeds said high threshold level. 3. A parameter control system according to claim 2, wherein said means for providing power is a solar power system having: at least one solar cell array connected to the anode of a first diode; at least one current regulating diode having its anode connected to a cathode of said first diode; at least one storage capacitor connected between a cathode of said current regulating diode and ground; at least one second diode having its anode connected to said storage capacitor and its cathode connected to an input of said voltage regulator, an output of said voltage regulator providing a supply voltage for said electronic parking meter, said input of said voltage regulator also connected to said cathode of said first diode and receiving said input voltage; means for monitoring said input voltage at said input of said voltage regulator; said means for processing connected to said means for monitoring and when said voltage level decreases below a first threshold, said means for processing shuts down said electronic parking meter in an orderly manner. 4. A parameter control system according to claim 3, wherein said means for monitoring is a resistor divider network, a juncture thereof being connected to said means for processing. 5. A parameter control system according to claim 4, wherein when said electronic parking meter is shut down, said voltage regulator outputs a reset signal when said voltage level at said input of said voltage regulator exceeds a second threshold level, said reset signal being received by said microprocessor. 6. A parameter control system according to claim 5, wherein said voltage regulator has a shutdown input, a low battery input and a low battery output, and wherein said means for effecting shutdown is a shutdown circuit having said low battery input connected to said means for monitoring, a switching circuit having an input connected to said low battery output and to an output of a hysteresis circuit, said hysteresis circuit having an input connected to said means for monitoring. 7. A parameter control system according to claim 1, wherein said means for controlling is a means for adjusting the setpoint of said means for identifying the payment element, said means for adjusting being controlled said means for processing. 8. A parameter control system according to claim 7, wherein said payment element is a coin and wherein said means for identifying the payment element has means for guiding said coin past an inductor in an LC series resonant circuit, said coin causing a momentary change in the value of inductance of said inductor; an electronic circuit having an input connected to said LC series resonant circuit, said electronic circuit providing a signal waveform, said signal waveform indicative of said change in the value of inductance of said inductor, said signal waveform having a wave shape unique to said deposited coin; and said means for processing receiving said signal waveform for comparison to a plurality of predetermined wave shapes of a plurality of known coins to thereby identify said deposited coin, said plurality of predetermined wave shapes stored in a memory connected to said means for processing. 9. A parameter control system according to claim 8, wherein said LC series resonant circuit has said inductor connected in series with at least a first capacitor which in turn is connected to a voltage controlled capacitive element, said LC series resonant circuit being connected between a terminal receiving a system clock signal from said means for processing and ground, a juncture of said inductor and said first capacitor being an output of said LC series resonant circuit; and wherein said electronic circuit has an input of a demodulator connected to said output of said LC series resonance circuit, a voltage follower having an input connected to an output of said demodulator and a programmable gain inverting amplifier having an input connected to an output of said voltage follower and having an output connected to said means for processing, said signal waveform being provided on said output of said inverting amplifier. 10. A parameter control system according to claim 9, wherein said changeable parameter is said setpoint of said LC series resonant circuit and wherein said means for adjusting the setpoint is an analog converter connected to said means for processing and having an output connected to said voltage control capacitive element, said means for processing also connected to said output of said voltage follower, said means for processing using a signal on said output of said voltage follower to adjust a voltage across said voltage controlled capacitive element thereby controlling said setpoint. 11. A parameter control system according to claim 8, wherein said memory has stored therein a plurality of wave shapes corresponding to a plurality of known coins and wherein said means for processing compares said wave shape of said deposited coin to said plurality of wave shapes to identify said coin. 12. A parameter control system according to claim 8, wherein said means for processing causes said electronic parking meter to reject said deposited coin if said wave shape of said deposited coin does not substantially match any of said plurality of wave shapes. 13. A parameter control system according to claim 1, wherein said means for controlling is a means for sensing the temperature of the system having an output connected to said means for processing and wherein said changeable parameter is a temperature of said system. 14. A parameter control system according to claim 13, wherein said means for sensing the temperature of the system is a thermistor attached to said parking meter and electrically connected in series with a resistor between a voltage source and ground, a junction of said thermistor and said resistor connected to an input of said means for processing. 15. A parameter control system according to claim 1, wherein said payment element is a coin and wherein said means for receiving the coin includes an impact sensor which responds to mechanical vibrations caused by the coin in the means for receiving. 16. A parameter control system according to claim 15, wherein said means for receiving further includes a coin chute down which the coin travels, said impact sensor being attached to said coin chute. 17. A parameter control system according to claim 16, wherein said impact sensor is a piezoelectric transducer. 18. A parameter control system for use in an electronic parking meter which can receive at least one type of payment element, said parking meter having at least one changeable parameter, said parameter being at lest one of a temperature of the electronic parking meter, an adjustment for identifying the payment element and a low level of input voltage in the electronic parking meter, comprising: means for providing power having at least a voltage regulator and a means for providing an input voltage to said voltage regulator; means for processing connected to said means for providing power; means for receiving the payment element and generating a payment signal upon receipt thereof; means for activating said means for processing in response to said payment signal; adjustable means for identifying the type of payment element and providing an identification signal to said means for processing indicative of the payment element, said means for identifying having a setpoint, the setpoint being a predetermined adjustment of the means for identifying at which adjustment the means for identifying provides said identification signal in response to said meter receiving said payment element, said means for processing thereby determining from said identification signal if said payment element is acceptable; means for oscillating providing an oscillator output signal having a predetermined frequency, said oscillator output signal frequency divided by means for dividing to supply a clock signal to said means for processing; means for displaying information connected to said means for processing; and means for controlling responsive to said changeable parameter and connected to at least one of said means for processing, said means for providing power and said means for identifying; wherein, when said changeable parameter is the low level of input voltage, said means for controlling shuts down said voltage regulator in said means for providing power whenever said input voltage to said voltage regulator has a level which is less than a predetermined voltage level; wherein, when said changeable parameter is the adjustment for identifying the payment element, said means for identifying sends a setpoint signal to said means for processing which thereby adjusts said setpoint of said means for identifying via said means for controlling; and wherein, when said changeable parameter is a temperature of the electronic parking meter, said means for controlling sends a signal indicative of said temperature to said means for processing to cause said means for processing to control at least said means for identifying. 19. A parameter control system according to claim 18, wherein said means for controlling is a means for effecting shutdown of said voltage regulator, said means for effecting shutdown providing high and low threshold levels to said voltage regulator, said voltage regulator going into a shutdown mode when said input voltage is less than said low threshold level and coming out of said shutdown mode when said input voltage exceeds said high threshold level. 20. A parameter control system according to claim 18, wherein said means for controlling is a means for adjusting the setpoint of said means for identifying the payment element, said means for adjusting being controlled said means for processing. 21. A parameter control system according to claim 18, wherein said means for controlling is a means for sensing the temperature of the system having an output connected to said means for processing and wherein said changeable parameter is a temperature of said system. 