A light transmitting glazing pane includes a first coating on an exposed face of a glass sheet which reduces the emissivity of that face in respect of infra-red radiation having wavelengths in excess of 3 .mu.m, and on the or another face of the pane a solar radiation screening coating which is adapted to screen short wavelength infra-red radiation, the thickness of each coating being selected so that the pane has a visible light transmissivity of at least 70% and a total solar radiant energy transmissivity of at most 75%. Such panes are useful for limiting solar energy gain while allowing good through visibility, and they may therefore be used to form vehicle windows.
Claims We claim: 1. A light transmitting glazing pane, comprising: at least one sheet of coated glass; a first coating on a glass face which is exposed, which first coating is comprised of tin oxide, has a thickness which does not exceed 350nm, and reduces the emissivity of that glass face in respect of infra-red radiation having wavelengths in excess of 3 .mu.m; and a second coating which is reflective, which is comprised of titanium dioxide, which is a solar radiation screening coating for screening short wavelength infra-red radiation, and which is deposited on another face of the pane, which another face is exposed to the environment, wherein the thickness of each coating is selected so that the pane has a visible light transmissivity of at least 70% and a total solar radiant energy transmissivity of at most 75%. 2. The pane according to claim 1, wherein the first coating has a thickness ranging from 150nm to 350nm. 3. The pane according to claim 1, wherein the pane has a color purity of not more than 10%. 4. The pane according to claim 3, wherein the pane has a color purity of not more than 6%. 5. The pane according to claim 1, wherein the first coating imparts to the glass face an emissivity factor in respect of infra-red radiation having wavelengths in excess of 3 .mu.m of at most 0.50. 6. The pane according to claim 1, wherein the first coating has an emissivity factor and a thickness expressed in nanometers which are such that their product is not more than 110. 7. The pane according to claim 6, wherein the product is not more than 90. 8. The pane according to claim 1, wherein the pane is a laminate in which a glass sheet is bonded to at least one other sheet via intervening adhesive material. 9. The pane according to claim 1, wherein the pane is curved so as to have one convex main face and one concave main face. 10. The pane according to claim 9, wherein the first coating is located on the concave main face of the pane. 11. The pane according to claim 1, wherein the first coating is a fluorine-doped tin oxide coating. 12. The pane according to claim 1, wherein said reflective coating has a thickness ranging from 20nm to 350nm. 13. A light transmitting glazing pane, comprising: at least one sheet of coated glass; a first coating on a glass face which is exposed, which first coating is comprised of tin oxide, has a thickness ranging from 150 to 350nm, and reduces the emissivity of that glass face in respect of infra-red radiation having wavelengths in excess of 3 .mu.m; and a second coating which is comprised of titanium dioxide and has a thickness ranging from 20 to 350nm, which is a solar radiation screening coating for screening short wavelength infra-red radiation, and which is deposited on another face of the pane, which another face is exposed to the environment. wherein the thickness of each coating is selected so that the pane has a visible light transmissivity of at least 70% and a total solar radiant energy transmissivity of at most 75%. 14. The pane according to claim 13, wherein the pane has a visible light transmissivity of at least 75%. 15. The pane according to claim 13, wherein the pane has a color purity of not more than 10%. 16. The pane according to claim 15, wherein the pane has a color purity of not more than 6%. 17. The pane according to claim 13, wherein the first coating imparts to the glass face an emissivity factor in respect of infra-red radiation having wavelengths in excess of 3 .mu.m of at most 0.50. 18. The pane according to claim 13, wherein the first coating has an emissivity factor and a thickness expressed in nanometers which are such that their product is not more than 110. 19. The pane according to claim 18, wherein the product is not more than 90. 20. The pane according to claim 13, wherein the first coating is a fluorine-doped tin oxide coating. 21. The process of providing a vehicle with a light transmitting glazing pane, comprising: mounting in a vehicle a light transmitting glazing pane comprising: at least one sheet of coated glass; a first coating on a glass face which is exposed in use to an indoor environment, which first coating is comprised of tin oxide, has a thickness which does not exceed 350nm, and reduces the emissivity of that glass face in respect of infra-red radiation having wavelengths in excess of 3 .mu.m; and a second coating which is reflective, which is comprised of titanium dioxide, which is a solar radiation screening coating for screening short wavelength infra-red radiation, and which is deposited on another face of the pane, which another face is exposed in use to an outdoor environment, wherein the thickness of each coating is selected so that the pane has a visible light transmissivity of at least 70% and a total solar radiant energy transmissivity of at most 75%, wherein the pane has a visible light absorbency of not more than 3%, and wherein the light transmitting glazing pane is mounted in the vehicle with the first coating directed towards the interior of the vehicle. 22. A motor vehicle equipped with at least one window formed by a light transmitting glazing pane comprising: at least one sheet of coated glass; a first coating on a glass face which is exposed in use to an indoor environment, which first coating is comprised of tin oxide, has a thickness which does not exceed 350nm, and reduces the emissivity of that glass face in respect of infra-red radiation having wavelengths in excess of 3 .mu.m; and a second coating which is reflective, which is comprised of titanium dioxide, which is a solar radiation screening coating for screening short wavelength infra-red radiation, and which is deposited on another face of the pane, which another face is exposed in use to an outdoor environment, wherein the thickness of each coating is selected so that the pane has a visible light transmissivity of at least 70% and a total solar radiant energy transmissivity of at most 75%, and wherein the pane has a visible light absorbency of not more than 3%. 23. The pane according to claim 1, wherein the pane has a visible light transmissivity of at least 75%. 