A solar aircraft detector is provided and consists of a cylindrical housing secured to top surface of a fuselage of an aircraft. A plurality of reflectors are carried on the cylindrical housing for sending back light at various angles therefrom. The reflected light causes the aircraft to be visually identified and located by other aircraft pilots in the vicinity.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar aircraft detector comprising: (a) a cylindrical housing fabricated out of light weight durable material; (b) means for securing the bottom of said cylindrical housing to the top surface of a fuselage of an aircraft; (c) means on top of said cylindrical housing for reflecting light straight up; (d) means for removably mounting said reflecting means to the top of said cylindrical housing; and (e) a plurality of reflectors affixed about circumference of said cylindrical housing for sending back light at various angles therefrom, whereby the reflected light causes the aircraft to be visually identified and located by other aircraft pilots in the vicinity. 2. A solar aircraft detector as recited in claim 1, wherein said securing means includes an annular flange extending outwardly from bottom of said cylindrical housing, said flange having a plurality of spaced apart apertures therethrough for receiving fasteners which extend into the top surface of the fuselage. 3. A solar aircraft detector as recited in claim 2, wherein said reflecting means is a flat mirror. 4. A solar aircraft detector as recited in claim 3, wherein said removably mounting means is a bezel having internal threads which threads onto the top of said cylindrical housing and holds said flat mirror thereto. 5. A solar aircraft detector as recited in claim 4, wherein each of said reflectors is a side mirror having a concave surface with every other one affixed at a slight angle up from the circumference of said cylindrical housing while said reflectors in between are affixed at a slight angle down from the circumference of said cylindrical housing. 