An apparatus for receiving components having overlapping surfaces and welding the components together with the use of ultrasound. An ultrasound emitter receives a high frequency current and converts it into mechanical ultrasonic vibrations having the same frequency. A transmitter transmits the ultrasonic vibrations to a sonotrode which focuses the ultrasonic vibrations on the components to be welded together. The sonotrode is provided with a circumferential collar and means are provided for lowering the collar during the welding process so that a part of the collar tangentially contacts the overlapping surface of one of the components. The part of the collar which tangentially contacts the overlapping surface introduces ultrasonic energy into the components. The ultrasonic emitter, transmitter and sonotrode are rotatably mounted via a vibration node of the transmitter. Means are provided for rotation of the sonotrode and movement of the sonotrode relative to the components such that the collar rolls over the components during the welding process.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for welding a conductive welding tape to a solar cell on which the tape is positioned, comprising: means for supplying a high frequency current; an ultrasonic emitter coupled to said high frequency current supply means for producing mechanical ultrasonic vibrations having a frequency corresponding to the frequency of the high frequency current; a transmitter coupled to said ultrasonic emitter for transmitting the ultrasonic vibrations; a sonotrode coupled to said transmitter and responsive to the transmitted ultrasonic vibrations for focussing the ultrasonic vibrations on the tape and solar cell, said sonotrode being provided with a circumferential collar having a periphery with corrugations; means coupled to said sonotrode for lowering said collar during the welding process so that said periphery of said collar tangentially contacts the tape, wherein only said periphery of said collar transfers ultrasonic energy to said tape and solar cell; means for rotatably mounting said ultrasonic emitter, said transmitter and said sonotrode and being located in at least one vibration node of said transmitter; and displacement means for effecting linear displacement of said sonotrode relative to the tape and cell in a direction parallel to a line that is tangent to said collar where said periphery of said collar contacts the tape, said collar being caused to roll over the tape during the welding process by a force that is transmitted exclusively through the cell and tape during such linear displacement, wherein the tangential contact between said collar and the tape is a friction contact, augmented by said corrugations on said periphery of said collar, and wherein the relative movement between said collar and the tape produced by said displacement means, combined with the friction contact therebetween, causes said sonotrode to rotate via said rotatable mounting means. 2. An apparatus as defined in claim 1 wherein said sonotrode is rotationally symmetrical. 3. An apparatus as defined in claim 1, wherein said sonotrode together with said collar are linearly movable, the tape and cell are stationary, and said displacement means comprises means for linearly moving said sonotrode together with said collar. 4. An apparatus as defined in claim 1, wherein said displacement means comprises means for linearly moving the tape and cell underneath said sonotrode and its collar, and said rotatable mounting means are stationary. 5. An apparatus as defined in claim 4, wherein said displacement means is a rotatably mounted drive roller disposed underneath the tape and cell for moving the tape and cell relative to said sonotrode and its collar. 6. An apparatus as defined in claim 5 further comprising a drive motor coupled to said drive roller. 7. Apparatus as defined in claim 1 wherein said means for lowering said collar includes an adjustable spring which produces a force defining the friction contact between said collar and the tape. 8. An apparatus as defined in claim 1 wherein said apparatus comprises at least two sonotrodes which simultaneously weld tapes to the cell. 9. An apparatus as defined in claim 8 wherein at least one said sonotrode is disposed on each side of the cell for welding tapes to both sides of the cell simultaneously. 10. An apparatus as defined in claim 1, wherein the welding tape is an elongated metal foil. 11. An apparatus for welding an elongated metal foil welding tape to a solar cell on which the tape is positioned, comprising: an ultrasonic emitter; an elongated transmitter having a first end and having a second end to which the ultrasonic emitter is connected, the transmitter having at least one vibration node; a sonotrode connected to the first end of the transmitter to focus ultrasonic vibrations, the sonotrode having a circumferential collar; a housing; means, located at the at least one vibration node of the transmitter, for rotatably mounting the emitter and transmitter in the housing, with the sonotrode extending out of the housing; means for supplying a high frequency current to the ultrasonic emitter; a support member mounted for movement along a linear path, the support member supporting the cell and the tape being positioned on the cell parallel to the path; means mounting the housing for pivoting movement so that the sonotrode collar is positioned to tangentially engage the tape and is pivotable toward and away from the tape, the means mounting the housing additionally including means for biassing the sonotrode collar toward the tape; and means for moving the support member along the path to carry the cell and tape past the sonotrode collar and to rotate the emitter, transmitter, and sonotrode exclusively through frictional engagement of the sonotrode collar with the tape, wherein the sonotrode collar has a corrugated periphery to increase the frictional engagement between the tape and the sonotrode collar. 12. An apparatus as in claim 11, wherein the corrugated periphery is a toothed periphery. 13. An apparatus as in claim 11, wherein the means mounting the housing comprises a support, an arm extending from the support and parallel to the path, the housing being carried by the arm and pivotable about the arm, and a spring spaced apart from the arm to bias the housing. 14. A method for welding an elongated metal foil welding tape to a solar cell, comprising the steps of: (a) placing the welding tape on the cell; (b) moving the cell and the tape placed thereon along a linear path which is parallel to the tape, the path running past an ultrasonic welding station which includes a rotatably mounted sonotrode having a circumferential collar with a corrugated periphery; (c) urging the sonotrode collar against the tape; (d) rolling the sonotrode collar over the tape using a force arising solely through frictional engagement between the sonotrode collar and the tape being augmented by the corrugated periphery of the sonotrode collar; and (e) vibrating the sonotrode ultrasonically to weld the tape to the cell as the sonotrode collar rolls over the tape. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the ultrasonic welding station additionally includes a pivotably mounted housing on which the sonotrode is rotatably mounted, and wherein step (c) comprises biassing the housing to urge the sonotrode collar against the tape. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the step of biassing the housing is conducted by exerting force on the housing with a spring. 