A high output, narrow band thermally energized radiation source comprises a rare earth oxide radiator member that has a cross-sectional dimension in the range of five to thirty micrometers, the rare earth oxide radiator member, when heated to about 1700.degree. C., having a concentrated radiated flux over the 400-2500 nanometer wavelength range such that at least 50% of the radiated flux is within a spectral band that is less than 400 nanometers wide.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A thermophotovoltaic power generation system comprising a rare earth metal oxide radiator member that has a cross-sectional dimension in the range of fifty--thirty micrometers, a photovoltaic device in optically coupled relation to said radiation member, said photovoltaic device having an electron production threshold, means for thermally exciting said radiator member to cause it to emit radiation comprising a fuel supply, a fuel supply conduit connected to said fuel supply, fuel control means for controlling the flow of fuel through said fuel supply conduit, and an igniter mechanism for igniting said fuel to cause said radiator member to emit radiation that has a wavelength peak below said electron production threshold, having a concentrated radiated flux over the 400-2500 nanometer wavelength range such that at least 50% of said radiated flux is within a band less than 400 nanometers in width, and a control system connected between said photovoltaic device and said fuel control means for monitoring the output of said photovoltaic device and modulating the flow of fuel through said fuel supply conduit by control of said fuel control means to control the electrical output of said photovoltaic device. 2. The emitter of claim 1 wherein said emitter is composed of interlocked filaments, said filaments being composed of at least one oxide of a host metal selected from the class consisting of erbium, holmium, neodymium and ytterbium, the radiated flux of said emitter having a peak full width at half maximum, at one-half the maximum radiated flux, of less than 400 nanometers. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein said radiator is a rare earth metal oxide fiber mantle that defines a hollow space. 4. The system of claim 3 wherein said metal oxide fiber mantle is self-supporting and has an integral portion that is shrink-supported on a support tube. 5. A thermophotovoltaic power generation system comprising a rare earth metal oxide fiber mantle that defines a hollow space and includes an oxide of a host metal selected from the class consisting of erbium, holmium, neodymium and ytterbium in the amount of at least about ninety-nine weight percent, a photovoltaic device in optically coupled relation to said radiation member, said photovoltaic device having an electron production threshold, means for thermally exciting said radiator member to cause it to emit radiation comprising a fuel supply, a fuel supply conduit connected to said fuel supply, fuel control means for controlling the flow of fuel through said fuel supply conduit, fuel control means for controlling the flow of fuel through said conduit to said radiator member, and an igniter mechanism for igniting said fuel to cause said radiator member to emit radiation that has a wavelength peak below said electron production threshold, said radiator member, when heated to about 1700.degree. C., having a concentrated radiated flux over the 400-2500 nanometer wavelength range such that at least 50% of said radiated flux is within a band less than 400 nanometers in width and a control system connected between said photovoltaic device and said fuel control means for monitoring the output of said photovoltaic device and modulating the flow of fuel through said fuel supply conduit for control of said fuel control means to control the electrical output of said photovoltaic device. 6. The system of claim 5 wherein the spectral irradiance profile of said mantle has a narrow radiated flux peak, said flux peak having a full width at half maximum of less than two hundred nanometers and said spectral irradiance profile of said mantle also having suppressed skirt characteristics such that, at wavelengths in the range of three--five hundred nanometers above and below said flux peak, the radiated flux levels of the skirts are less than five percent of the radiated flux at said peak. 7. A thermophotovoltaic power generation system comprising: a rare earth metal oxide radiator, a photovoltaic device that is optically coupled to said radiator, said radiator, when heated to 1700.degree. C., emitting radiation in a spectral irradiance profile that has a narrow radiated flux peak that is located less than four hundred nanometers below the electron production threshold of said photovoltaic device, said flux peak having a full width at half maximum of less than four hundred nanometers and said relative spectral irradiance profile of said radiator also having suppressed skirt characteristics such that, at wavelengths five hundred nanometers above and below said flux peak, the radiated flux levels of said skirts are less than ten percent of the radiated flux at said peak, and a burner for thermally exciting said radiator to cause it to emit radiation, and an electronic control system that electrically connects the photovoltaic device and the burner such that the electrical output of said photovoltaic device controls the flow of fuel through the burner to control the power generated by the photovoltaic device. 8. The thermophotovoltaic power generation system of claim 7 wherein the system is self-contained, the photovoltaic device providing sufficient current and voltage to the control system to operate the system with no other source of electric power. 9. The thermophotovoltaic power generation system of claim 7 wherein the burner further comprises a fuel supply, a fuel supply conduit connected to said fuel supply, and a fuel regulator responsive to the electrical output to control the flow of fuel through said fuel supply conduit. 10. The thermophotovoltaic power generation system of claim 7 further comprising an igniter mechanism to ignite the burner. 11. A thermophotovoltaic power generation system comprising a photocell device, a rare earth metal oxide radiator disposed in optical coupled relation to said photocell device, means for thermally exiting said radiator to cause it to emit radiation comprising a fuel supply, a fuel supply conduit connected to said fuel supply fuel control means for controlling the flow of fuel through said fuel supply conduit, a fuel control for controlling the flow of fuel through said conduit to said radiator, and an igniter mechanism for igniting said fuel to cause said radiator to emit radiation, said radiator, when heated to 1700.degree. C., emitting radiation in a spectral irradiance profile that has a narrow radiated flux peak that is located less than four hundred nanometers below the electron production threshold of said photocell device, said flux peak having a full width at half maximum of less than four hundred nanometers and said relative spectral irradiance profile of said radiator also having suppressed skirt characteristics such that, at wavelengths five hundred nanometers above and below said flux peak, the radiated flux levels of said skirts are less than ten percent of the radiated flux at said peak, and a control system connected between said photocell device and said fuel control for monitoring the output of said photocell device and modulating the flow of fuel through said fuel supply conduit bon control of said fuel control to control the electrical output of said photocell device. 12. The thermophotovoltaic power generation system of claim 11 and further including a reflector system for collecting and directing a radiated flux from said radiator to said photocell. 13. The thermophotovoltaic power generation system of claim 11 and further including radiation transmitting thermal isolation means interposed between said radiator and said photocell. 14. The thermophotovoltaic power generation system of claim 11 wherein said radiator, when heated to 1700.degree. C., emits radiation in a concentrated portion of the 400-2500 nanometer wavelength range such that at least 50% of the radiated flux is within a band less than 400 nanometers in width, said flux peak has a full width at half maximum of less than two hundred nanometers and said suppressed skirt characteristics are such that, at wavelengths in the range of three--five hundred nanometers above and below said flux peak, the radiated flux levels of the skirts are less than five percent of the radiated flux at said peak. 15. The thermophotovoltaic power generation system of claim 11 wherein said radiator photocell has a photon conversion efficiency of more than fifty percent. 16. The thermophotovoltaic power generation system of claim 15 wherein said radiator is a mantle that is shrink-supported on said fuel supply conduit. 17. The thermophotovoltaic power generation system of claim 15 wherein said radiator is a mantle composed of metal oxide filaments, each said filament having a cross-sectional dimension in the range of five--thirty micrometers, said photocell is of either the silicon or the germanium type, and said radiator is composed of filaments of an oxide of ytterbium when said photocell is of the silicon type and of filaments of an oxide of erbium when said photocell is of the germanium type. 18. A thermophotovoltaic power generation system comprising: a photovoltaic device, said photovoltaic device having an electron production threshold, a fuel supply, a fuel supply conduit connected to said fuel supply and having an outlet port, fuel control means for controlling the flow of fuel through said fuel supply conduit a metal oxide fiber mantle supported on said fuel supply conduit adjacent said outlet port, said photovoltaic device being in optically coupled relation to said mantle, a fuel control for controlling the flow of fuel to said mantle through said conduit, an igniter mechanism for igniting said fuel to cause said mantle to emit radiation that has a wavelength peak below said electron production threshold, said peak having a full width at half maximum of less than 400 nanometers and said mantle, when heated to about 1700.degree. C., having a concentrated radiated flux output over the 400-2500 nanometer wavelength range such that at least 50% of said radiated flux is within a band less than 400 nanometers in width, and a control system connected between said photovoltaic device and said fuel control for monitoring the output of said photovoltaic device and modulating the flow of fuel through said fuel supply conduit by control of said fuel control to control the electrical output of said photovoltaic device. 19. The thermophotovoltaic power generation system of claim 18 wherein said fuel is a liquid or gaseous fuel such as hydrogen, natural gas, propane, butane, isobutane or gasoline. 20. The thermophotovoltaic power generation system of claim 18 wherein said mantle is composed of interlocked metal oxide fibers, each said fiber having a cross-sectional dimension in the range of five--thirty micrometers. 21. The thermophotovoltaic power generation system of claim 18 wherein said fibers of said mantle are composed substantially entirely of the oxide of a host metal selected from the group of ytterbium and erbium. 22. The thermophotovoltaic power generation system of claim 21 and further including a reflector system for collecting and directing the radiated flux from said mantle to said photovoltaic device. 23. The thermophotovoltaic power generation system of claim 22 and further including radiation transmitting thermal isolation means interposed between said mantle and said photovoltaic device. 24. The thermophotovoltaic power generation system of claim 21 wherein said mantle, when heated to 1700.degree. C., emits radiation in a concentration portion of the 400-2500 nanometer wavelength range such that at least 50% of the radiated flux is within a band less than 400 nanometers in width, said flux peak has a full width at half maximum of less than two hundred nanometers and said suppressed skirt characteristic are such that, at wavelengths in the range of three--five hundred nanometers above and below said flux peak, the radiated flux levels of the skirts are less than five percent of the radiated flux at said peak. 