A solar power system supplying A.C. voltages at 60 Hz as required for irrigation control with frequency precision and voltage levels in accordance with specifications for off-the-shelf irrigation timers and controls.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A self contained solar power system employing incident solar energy for supplying A.C. voltage at a precise power frequency comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic solar cells, battery means for receiving and storing electrical energy generated by said solar cells, a voltage regulator connected to said solar cells for selectively connecting said electrical energy to said battery means and to an inverter, a D.C. to A.C. inverter for selectively converting the energy of said battery means and the energy directly from said solar cells into a predetermined constant frequency alternating energy source, said inverter comprising an oscillator means for converting the electrical energy from said battery means and said solar cells into said predetermined constant frequency alternating electrical energy source, said oscillator means comprises a crystal-controlled device, a binary counter comprising a 14 stage binary ripple counter, a two stage flip-flop, and a pair of gate drivers for energizing said pair of switching elements, said constant frequency electrical energy source from said oscillator means being applied to a pair of inverter switching elements, an auto-transformer for receiving said constant frequency electrical energy source from said switching elements, said switching elements alternately turning on and off with one being turned on as the other one is turned off, and said auto-transformer developing a predetermined voltage of said constant frequency of one polarity when energized by one of the switching elements and said predetermined voltage of said constant frequency of a reverse polarity when energized by the other of said switching elements. 2. The self contained solar powered system set forth in claim 1 wherein: said constant frequency electrical energy is sufficient to operate standard timers and valves associated with water dispensers. 3. The self contained solar powered system set forth in claim 1 wherein: said inverter converts said solar energy into a precise alternating current frequency for operating standard timer and valves used in irrigation systems. 4. A self contained solar power system employing incident solar energy for supplying A.C. voltage at a precise power frequency comprising: an enclosure having a platform mounted thereon which is disposed at an angle relative to the horizontal, a plurality of photovoltaic solar cells mounted on said platform, battery means for receiving and storing electrical energy generated by said solar cells, a voltage regulator connected to said solar cells for selectively connecting said electrical energy to said battery means and to an inverter, a D.C. to A.C. inverter for selectively converting the energy of said battery means and the energy directly from said solar cells into a predetermined constant frequency alternating electrical energy source, said inverter comprising a crystal-controlled oscillator means for converting the electrical energy from said battery means and said solar cells into said predetermined constant frequency alternating electrical energy source, said crystal-controlled oscillator means comprising a binary counter having a 14 stage binary ripple counter, a two stage flip-flop, and a pair of gate drivers for energizing said pair of switching elements, said constant frequency electrical energy source from said oscillator means being applied to a pair of inverter switching elements, an auto-transformer for receiving said constant frequency electrical energy source from said switching elements, said switching elements alternately turning on and off with one being turned on as the other one is turned off, and said auto-transformer developing a predetermined voltage of said constant frequency of one polarity when energized by one of the switching elements and said predetermined voltage of said constant frequency of a reverse polarity when energized by the other of said switching elements. 