A shell having a closed upper end and an open lower end, and a weight in the form of a piston sealingly slidable in the shell. In one form partial vacuum is produced in the shell above the weight and atmospheric pressure consequently raises the weight. In another form, pressurized air lifts the weight, against the action of weight. The weight has driving connection with a load, such as a generator, and upon being permitted to drop, acting by its potential energy, drives the load. The partial vacuum is produced in one form, by heating and cooling units; and in another form, by natural heating and cooling. A plurality of power plants are utilized to drive a single load, so that one weight can be raised, and the power plant re-activated, while others continue to drive the load, thereby maintaining continuity of drive. A modified form includes a common reservoir and a plurality of individual power plant units, with the vacuum, or the pressurized air, respectively, in the common reservoir affecting all of the units.
Claims I claim: 1. A power plant for driving a load comprising, a vertical shell having an open lower end and a closed upper end, a weight slidable in the shell in sealing engagement therewith against the passage of air therebetween, the shell and weight forming a vacuum chamber in the shell above the weight, and the weight being exposed directly to atmosphere through the open lower end of the shell, means independent of the atmosphere and the pressure thereof for producing a partial vacuum in the vacuum chamber of a value substantially less than atmospheric pressure, the atmosphere acting directly on the weight, and because of the partial vacuum, raising it in the shell, driving means operably and constantly interconnecting the load and the weight, and means for controllably dropping the weight only under the action of gravity for thereby driving the load throughout the dropping movement of the weight. 2. A power plant according to claim 1 in conjunction with said load, and wherein, the load includes an AC generator, and in conjunction with control means for maintaining a constant generator speed. 3. A power plant according to claim 1 and including, first latch means for releasably securing the weight in raised position in response to the weight being raised, and capable of being controllably released for enabling the weight to drop. 4. A power plant according to claim 1 and including, second latch means for releasably securing the weight in lower position, and capable of being controllably released for enabling the weight to be abruptly raised by atmospheric pressure after a partial vacuum is produced in the vacuum chamber. 5. A power plant according to claim 4 and including, means responsive the partial vacuum in the vacuum chamber reaching a predetermined value operable for releasing said second latch means. 6. A power plant according to claim 1 wherein, the driving means includes a shank secured to the weight and extending downwardly therefrom the open lower end of the shell, the shank having a rack thereon, and a drive transmitting member having a pinion in mesh with the rack and a shaft operably connected with the load. 7. A power plant according to claim 1 wherein, the driving means includes a shaft extending through the shell and through the vacuum chamber, the shaft being adapted for connection with the load exteriorly of the shell, a reel secured to the shaft in position within the vacuum chamber, and a cable interconnecting the shell and the reel. 8. A power plant according to claim 1 wherein, said driving means has a predetermined operating range, the lower portion of the shell has a vertical extent for providing an operating range for movement of the weight therein, said extent being complementary to the operating range of the driving means, and the shell has an upper portion appreciably larger than the minimum required for necessary strength of the shell, whereby to provide a vacuum chamber having a volume appreciably greater than the volume controlled by the operating range of the weight. 9. A power plant according to claim 8 wherein the weight produces a predetermined displacement in its movement throughout its operating range, and the volume of the upper portion is appreciably larger than said displacement of the weight. 10. A power plant according to claim 1 wherein, the means for forming the partial vacuum includes means for heating the air in the vacuum chamber and enabling a portion of it to escape therefrom, and means for forming an opening in the shell after the weight is raised for enabling entrance of atmosphere into the vacuum chamber, and thereby constituting said means for destroying the partial vacuum. 11. A power plant according to claim 10 wherein, the means for producing a partial vacuum includes valve means yielding outwardly for enabling heated air to escape, but biased to closed position for normally preventing entrance of atmosphere into the vacuum chamber, and means for controllably opening the valve means constituting said means for forming an opening in the shell. 12. A power plant according to claim 10 wherein, the means for forming a partial vacuum also includes means for cooling the heated air in the vacuum chamber. 13. A power plant according to claim 12 wherein, the load is capable of developing power in response to being driven, and the power plant includes means for operating the heating and cooling means and in doing so, utilizing power developed by the load. 14. A power plant according to claim 12 wherein, the shell includes an inner heat conducting element, and the heating and cooling means include respective heating and cooling elements in operable heat transfer engagement with said inner element of the shell. 15. A power plant according to claim 12 wherein, the heating and cooling means include respective heating and cooling elements positioned within the vacuum chamber. 16. A power plant according to claim 12 wherein, the cooling means includes absorption type refrigerator means having a cooling element in cooling engagement with the shell, and has a control element which in response to being heated produces a cooling effect in the cooling element, and the power plant includes means for concentrating the sun's rays on said control element. 17. A power plant according to claim 12 wherein, the load is capable of developing power in response to being driven, the power plant includes means for operating the heating and cooling means by the power developed by the load, and the weight has a displacement volume less than the total interior space of the shell above the piston when the piston is in its lowermost position, whereby the greater amount of air in the total interior space of the shell need be heated and cooled only to a lesser absolute temperature extend for effecting displacement of a predetermined volume of air in said displacement volume. 18. A power plant according to claim 12 and including, means for heating and cooling air in the vacuum chamber by direct heat transfer engagement with the shell by the ambient air. 19. A power plant according to claim 18 and including, means for concentrating the sun's rays on the shell and thereby heating the air in the vacuum chamber. 20. A power plant according to claim 12 wherein, the load is capable of developing power in response to being driven and, the power plant includes means for operating the heating and cooling means by the power developed by the load. 21. A method of producing power comprising the steps, confining a weight, producing a partial vacuum, independently of the atmosphere or the pressure thereof, of a value substantially less than atmospheric pressure, over the weight, imposing atmospheric pressure directly on the weight in opposition to the partial vacuum and thereby raising the weight, and dropping the weight and driving a load by the potential energy of the weight throughout the dropping movement of the weight. 22. A method according to claim 21 wherein, the partial vacuum is produced by heating the air in the vacuum chamber and allowing a portion of the heated air to escape therefrom, and thereafter cooling the air that remains in the vacuum chamber and preventing the entrance of atmospheric thereinto, whereby it contracts to a rarefied condition. 23. A method according to claim 21 and including the step, holding the weight in lower position while the partial vacuum is being produced, and thereafter releasing the weight to enable atmospheric pressure to raise the weight abruptly, whereby the weight rises by inertia to a height greater than it would rise in gradual movement corresponding to production of the partial vacuum. 24. A method according to claim 20 and including the steps, confining a plurality of weights, so imposing the atmospheric pressure on the weights selectively, and so dropping the weight selectively. 25. A method according to claim 24 wherein, each weight has a predetermined range of movement, and thereby having a corresponding displacement volume, and including the step, producing the partial vacuum in a space which has a volume of on the order of one-hundred times larger than said displacement volume. 26. A power plant comprising, a pressure chamber for confining a body of air, means for producing a body of air in the chamber at a pressure different from that of atmosphere, a weight, means including passages for establishing communication between said body of air and the atmosphere and thereby producing a stream of air therebetween, means responsive to the stream of air for lifting the weight, and means for controllably lowering the weight by gravity and driving a load thereby throughout the lowering movement of the weight. 27. A power plant according to claim 26 wherein, the first means is operable for producing a pressure in said body of air that is greater than that of the atmosphere. 28. A power plant according to claim 27 and including, means forming a working chamber separate from the main chamber for mounting the weight therein for vertical sliding movement and in air-tight sealing engagement therein, the working chamber having passages at top and bottom each selectively closable to the main chamber and to atmosphere, and means for opening the passage at the bottom of the working chamber to the main chamber and opening the passage at the top of the working chamber to atmosphere, and thereby raising the weight. 29. A power plant according to claim 28 and including, a plurality of working chambers, each of small size relative to the main chamber, and wherein, the main chamber has openings at top and bottom, independent of said passages, for enabling natural-current relatively cold air to pass through the main chamber. 30. A power plant according to claim 29 and including, solar heating means for heating air in the main chamber. 31. A power plant according to claim 29 and including, means for utilizing waste heat from a manufacturing plant for heating the air in the main chamber. 32. A method of driving a load comprising the steps, providing a weight and mounting it for vertical movement, providing bodies of air of different pressures, applying only the air of the greater pressure against the lower surface of the weight while subjecting the upper surface of the weight to only the air of the lesser pressure, and thereby raising the weight, and controllably dropping the weight and thereby driving the load throughout the dropping movement of the weight. 33. A method according to claim 32 and including the steps, providing, in one of said bodies, air of a pressure greater than that of atmosphere. 34. A method according to claim 33 and including the step, producing the greater pressure in said one body by heating the air therein. 35. A method according to claim 34 and including the step, so heating the air by solar heating. 36. A method according to claim 34 and including the step, so heating the air by utilizing waste heat from a manufacturing plant. 37. A power plant according to claim 28 wherein, the main chamber and working chamber are non-portable, and fixed in the ground, and incapable of being transported without dismantling the plant, and enormously massive relative to the size of a human being. 38. A power plant comprising, a main vacuum chamber, a power plant unit having a unit vacuum chamber communicating with main vacuum chamber, and of less volume than the main vacuum chamber, a working member movably vertically in the power plant unit, the power plant unit being open to the atmosphere below the working member, means for producing a power medium in the power plant and the power medium so produced thereby extending throughout the main vacuum chamber and the unit vacuum chamber, and means for controlling the power medium for applying it to the working member and raising it, and in so applying it, applying a moiety of the whole power medium, as contrasted with an incremental part thereof, and the power medium that remains being of correspondingly reduced effectiveness in producing work successively in successive time increments. 39. A power plant according to claim 38 and including, a plurality of such power plant units. 40. A power plant according to claim 38 wherein, each power plant unit has a closable opening to the main vacuum chamber above the weight, and a closable opening above the weight to atmosphere. 41. A power plant according to claim 38 wherein, the power medium is a vacuum. 42. A power plant according to claim 41 and including, blower means operable for withdrawing air from the vacuum chambers for producing a vacuum therein. 43. A power plant according to claim 38 wherein, the volume of the main vacuum chamber is on the order of approximately one hundred times that of the vacuum chamber in a single power unit. 44. A power plant according to claim 43 wherein, the power plant unit is essentially within the main vacuum chamber. 45. A power plant according to claim 38 wherein, the power plant is exterior to the main vacuum chamber. 46. A power plant according to claim 43 wherein, the main vacuum chamber is embedded in the ground. 