A method for compiling and evaluating local traffic data based on a real time evaluation of Doppler echoes on a digital basis, wherein initially the frequency spectrum of the Doppler echo is formed, then the frequency of the maximum amplitude in this spectrum is identified, and the speed of the vehicle is determined from this frequency. The length of the vehicle can also be determined from the speed of the vehicle and from the Doppler echo signal duration. An apparatus for implementing the method includes a millimeter wavelength radar sensor, a transmission unit, and an evaluation unit operating with digital signal processing.
Claims What I claim is: 1. A method of locally compiling and evaluating traffic data, comprising the steps of: (a) using a radar sensor to emit a continuous signal at a constant frequency and amplitude, the signal being emitted from the radar sensor as a radar beam having a fixed angle of incidence with respect to the vertical; (b) if an object intersects the radar beam and has as speed component in the direction of the radar beam, using the radar sensor to receive part of a signal reflected by the object, the signal reflected by the object being shifted in frequency with respect to the signal emitted by the radar sensor due to the Doppler effect; (c) mixing the emitted signal and the reflected signal in the radar sensor to provide a first output signal at the difference frequency; (d) conveying the first output signal to an evaluation unit using a transmission circuit which connects the radar sensor to the evaluation unit, the evaluation unit including lowpass filter means for avoiding spectral aliasing, the lowpass filter means receiving the first output signal, a signal processing unit, and an analog/digital converter connected between the lowpass filter means and the signal processing unit; (e) using the signal processing unit to detect the beginning and end of the first output signal, by determining the energy of the first output signal occurring in a window which shifts over time, and by comparing the determined energy with first and second threshold values, the first time the determined energy exceeds the first threshold value identifying the beginning of the first output signal and the time thereafter when the determined energy falls below the second threshold value identifying the end of the first output signal; (f) using the signal processing unit to form the frequency spectrum of the first output signal; (g) determining the frequency at the maximum amplitude in the frequency spectrum; and (h) deriving the speed of the object from at least one parameter, the at least one parameter including the frequency determined in step (f). 2. The method of claim 1, wherein brief excursions of the determined energy below the second threshold level within a predetermined time period are ignored while the end of the first output signal is being identified. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the first output signal has an average noise level, and wherein the magnitudes of the first and second threshold values are adapted to the existing average noise level. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the magnitudes of the first and second threshold values are selected to be different. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of using the signal processing unit to determine the length of the object from the speed derived in step (g) and from the duration of the first output signal. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein the radar beam provides a radar spot in the direction of movement of the object, and wherein the step of using the signal processing unit to determine the length of the object is accomplished by determining the length of the object from the speed derived in step (g), from the duration of the first output signal, and from the expanse of the radar spot in the direction of movement of the object. 7. The method of claim 5, wherein the step of using the signal processing unit to determine the length of the object further comprises reducing errors in the determination of the length of the object due to shading by a correction value which has been statistically determined on the basis of measurements of a plurality of objects. 8. An apparatus for locally compiling and evaluating traffic data, comprising: radar sensor means for emitting a continuous signal at a constant frequency and amplitude, the signal being emitted as a radar beam having a fixed angle of incidence with respect to the vertical, the radar sensor means additionally including means for receiving part of a signal reflected by an object if the object intersects the radar beam and has a speed component in the direction of the radar beam, the signal reflected by the object being shifted in frequency with respect to the emitted signal due to the Doppler effect, the radar sensor means further including means for mixing the emitted signal and the reflected signal to provide a first output signal at the difference frequency, the radar sensor means being mounted at predetermined height; a transmission circuit connected to the radar sensor means to convey the first output signal; and evaluation unit means, connected to the transmission circuit, for forming the frequency spectrum of the first output signal, for determining the frequency at the maximum amplitude in the frequency spectrum, and for deriving the speed of the object from at least one parameter, the at least one parameter including the frequency at the maximum in the frequency spectrum, the evaluation unit means including lowpass filter means for avoiding spectral aliasing, the lowpass filter means receiving the first output signal, a variable gain amplifier connected to the lowpass filter means, the gain of the amplifier being set in dependence on the predetermined height of the radar sensor means, a signal processing unit, and an analog/digital converter connected between the variable gain amplifier and the signal processing unit. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the lowpass filter means in the evaluation unit means is a digital filter. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the digital filter is a switch/capacitor filter. 11. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the signal processing unit comprises means for compensating for any deviation between the fixed angle of incidence of the radar beam and a predetermined angle of incidence. 12. A method of locally compiling and evaluating traffic data, comprising the steps of: (a) using a radar sensor to emit a continuous signal at a constant frequency and amplitude, the signal being emitted from the radar sensor as a radar beam having a fixed angle of incidence with respect to the vertical; (b) if an object intersects the radar beam and has as speed component in the direction of the radar beam, using the radar sensor to receive part of a signal reflected by the object, the signal reflected by the object being shifted in frequency with respect to the signal emitted by the radar sensor due to the Doppler effect, the object having object-specific features; (c) mixing the emitted signal and the reflected signal in the radar sensor to provide a first output signal at the difference frequency; (d) conveying the first output signal to an evaluation unit using a transmission circuit which connects the radar sensor to the evaluation unit, the evaluation unit including lowpass filter means for avoiding spectral aliasing, the lowpass filter means receiving the first output signal, a signal processing unit, and an analog/digital converter connected between the lowpass filter means and the signal processing unit; (e) using the signal processing unit to form the frequency spectrum of the first output signal; (f) determining the frequency at the maximum amplitude in the frequency spectrum; (g) deriving the speed of the object from at least one parameter, the at least one parameter including the frequency determined in step (f); and (h) reducing the number of errors that may occur due to clutter by checking the first output signal with the aid of a predetermined sampling scheme for the existence of object-specific features, and by comparing the result of the checking with predetermined values to determine whether the first output signal was caused by clutter or by an object participating in the traffic. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein step (e) is conducted by autocorrelation of the first output signal and subsequent spectral transformation. 14. The method of claim 12, wherein step (e) is conducted by relay correlation of the first output signal and subsequent spectral transformation. 15. The method of claim 12, wherein step (e) is conducted by direct spectral transformation of the first output signal. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the direct spectral transformation is accomplished using a discrete Fourier transformation. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein the direct spectral transformation is accomplished using the fast Fourier transformation method. 18. The method of claim 12, wherein the object moves at a speed within a predetermined expected range, wherein the lowpass filter means has a cut-off frequency, wherein the analog/digital converter has a sampling rate, and further comprising the step of adapting the cut-off frequency and sampling rate to the predetermined expected range of the speed. 19. The method of claim 12, wherein the at least one parameter of step (g) additionally includes the fixed angle of step (a). 20. The method of claim 12, wherein step (c) further comprises generating a second output signal having a phase position that is a function of the direction of movement of the object, and wherein the method further comprises the steps of comparing the phase positions of the first and second output signals for each period of the first and second output signals, coding the result of the comparing step for each period of the first and second output signals with a bit, and using the signal processing unit to derive the direction of movement of the object from a succession of bits. 21. An apparatus for locally compiling and evaluating traffic data, comprising: radar sensor means for emitting a continuous signal at a constant frequency and amplitude, the signal being emitted as a radar beam having a fixed angle of incidence with respect to the vertical, the radar sensor means additionally including means for receiving part of a signal reflected by an object if the object intersects the radar beam and has a speed component in the direction of the radar beam, the signal reflected by the object being shifted in frequency with respect to the emitted signal due to the Doppler effect, the radar sensor means further including means for mixing the emitted signal and the reflected signal to provide a first output signal at the difference frequency; a transmission circuit connected to the radar sensor means to convey the first output signal; and evaluation unit means, connected to the transmission circuit, for forming the frequency spectrum of the first output signal, for determining the frequency at the maximum amplitude in the frequency spectrum, and for deriving the speed of the object from at least one parameter, the at least one parameter including the frequency at the maximum in the frequency spectrum, the evaluation unit means including lowpass filter means for avoiding spectral aliasing, the lowpass filter means receiving the first output signal, a signal processing unit, and an analog/digital converter connected between the lowpass filter means and the signal processing unit, wherein the signal processing unit includes clock pulse generator means for generating a test signal at predetermined time intervals, means for detecting errors in the test signal, and alarm generator means for reporting detected errors in the test signal. 22. The apparatus of claim 21, further comprising solar cell array means for furnishing power to operate the radar sensor means. 23. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein the radar sensor means, transmission circuit, and evaluation circuit means are employed in a local, autonomous system for at least one of traffic detecting, guidance, and control. 24. A method of locally compiling and evaluating traffic data, comprising the steps of: (a) using a radar sensor to emit a continuous signal at a constant frequency and amplitude, the signal being emitted from the radar sensor as a radar beam having a fixed angle of incidence with respect to the vertical; (b) if an object intersects the radar beam and has as speed component in the direction of the radar beam, using the radar sensor to receive part of a signal reflected by the object, the signal reflected by the object being shifted in frequency with respect to the signal emitted by the radar sensor due to the Doppler effect; (c) mixing the emitted signal and the reflected signal in the radar sensor to provide a first output signal at the difference frequency; (d) conveying the first output signal to an evaluation unit using a transmission circuit which connects the radar sensor to the evaluation unit, the evaluation unit including lowpass filter means for avoiding spectral aliasing, the lowpass filter means receiving the first output signal, a signal processing unit, and an analog/digital converter connected between the lowpass filter means and the signal processing unit; (e) using the signal processing unit to form the frequency spectrum of the first output signal; (f) determining the frequency at the maximum amplitude in the frequency spectrum; (g) deriving the speed of the object from at least one parameter, the at least one parameter including the frequency determined by step (f); and (h) using the signal processing unit to monitor the functionability of the evaluation unit by periodically feeding a test signal into the lowpass filter means instead of the first output signal, the test signal having a predetermined frequency, amplitude, and duration. 25. The method of claim 24, further comprising the step of using the signal processing unit to classify objects according to length. 26. The method of claim 25, further comprising the step of using the signal processing unit to classify objects according to the amplitude of the respective first output signal. 27. The method of claim 24, further comprising the step of using the signal processing unit to classify objects according to the amplitude of the respective first output signal. 28. An apparatus for locally compiling and evaluating traffic data, comprising: radar sensor means for emitting a continuous signal at a constant frequency and amplitude, the signal being emitted as a radar beam having a fixed angle of incidence with respect to the vertical, the radar sensor means additionally including means for receiving part of a signal reflected by an object if the object intersects the radar beam and has a speed component in the direction of the radar beam, the signal reflected by the object being shifted in frequency with respect to the emitted signal due to the Doppler effect, the radar sensor means further including means for mixing the emitted signal and the reflected signal to provide a first output signal at the difference frequency; a transmission circuit connected to the radar sensor means to convey the first output signal; and evaluation unit means, connected to the transmission circuit, for forming the frequency spectrum of the first output signal, for determining the frequency at the maximum amplitude in the frequency spectrum, and for deriving the speed of the object from at least one parameter, the at least one parameter including the frequency at the maximum in the frequency spectrum, the evaluation unit means including lowpass filter means for avoiding spectral aliasing, the lowpass filter means receiving the first output signal, a signal processing unit, and an analog/digital converter connected between the lowpass filter means and the signal processing unit, wherein the transmission circuit includes a remote end circuit portion which is disposed adjacent the radar sensor means and which includes means for superimposing a pilot tone on the first output signal if the noise level at the output of the radar sensor means exceeds a predetermined threshold level, and wherein the transmission circuit additionally includes a near end circuit portion which is disposed adjacent the evaluation unit and which includes means for detecting the presence of the pilot tone and for generating a detection signal that is conveyed to the evaluation unit means. 29. The apparatus of claim 28, wherein the transmission circuit further comprises means for transmitting energy to operate the radar sensor means. 30. The apparatus of claim 28, wherein the transmission circuit further comprises a transmission cable having a length up to about one to two kilometers. 31. The apparatus of claim 28, wherein the transmission circuit further comprises a transmission cable having a length that is greater than about one kilometer. 