A thermal insulating shade for interior use comprises at least one envelope with substantially parallel side panels which hold insulating air therebetween, at least one of the side panels having a highly reflective surface for reflecting away the sun's heat in summer, and, by reversing the shade, retaining interior heat in winter. The shade may be mounted in spaced relationship to any inadequately insulated interior surface such as a window, roof or door of a building or automobile. The shade envelope may have its air space filled with static air with or without porous insulating foam, or controlled air movement through the shade may be provided. Alternatively, the insulating shade may be formed of two envelopes, one inside the other, or of twin envelopes having a common center wall therebetween; in these embodiments, air may be pumped alternately into and removed from each envelope in turn to provide enhanced insulating effectiveness.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Thermal insulating shade for placement adjacent to and substantially overlaying the interior surface of an area to be insulated, the exterior surface of said area being exposed to variable weather conditions including sun's heat and winter's cold, the thermal insulating shade being both reversible and removable, and comprising: envelope means comprising at least one pair of substantially parallelly disposed panels, at least one of said panels having a highly heat reflective surface on one side thereof, said at least one pair of panels being joined together around their peripheries to form said envelope means, said panels being shaped to conform in size and shape to the interior surface of the area to be insulated; means for supporting said panels in spaced substantially parallel relationship to each other to provide space between each said panel pair; means for releasably mounting said envelope means in substantially parallel spaced relationship to the interior surface of the area to be insulated, so that one side of the thermal insulating shade is insulated from the heat or cold prevailing on the other side thereof by reflection from said highly reflective surface as well as by the insulating effect of the air in said air space between said panels; and means for introducing air under pressure into said air space between each of said at least one pair of said panels, said air introduction means comprising means for directing air to the thermal insulating shade alternately and sequentially to each of a pair of air access ports, said access ports communicating with said air space so that air introduced into one of said pair of access ports forces air previously introduced through the other of said access ports and contained in the shade to be expelled therefrom. 2. Thermal insulating shade in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for directing air alternatively and sequentially into the shade comprises a source of air under pressure to create air exchange in the shade and to enhance thereby the insulating capacity of the shade. 3. Thermal insulating shade as defined by claim 2, wherein said means for directing air alternately and sequentially into the shade further comprises: storage battery means operatively connected to, and for powering, said air source; and an auxiliary battery charging circuit for said storage battery means, said circuit comprising a solar cell battery for charging said storage battery with energy from the sun. 4. Thermal insulating shade as defined by claim 2, wherein said means for directing air alternatively and sequentially further comprises a reciprocating valve and a timer for selectively operating said valve. 5. Thermal insulating shade as defined by claim 1, wherein the inner surface of the area to be insulated is that of the upper part of a vehicle, and wherein the shade comprises said envelope means having generally the shape and size of the vehicle's upper portion and capable of being mounted as an internal thermal cover under the vehicle's upper portion in spaced relationship thereto. 6. Thermal insulating shade as defined by claim 1, wherein said envelope means comprises an inner envelope positioned within an outer envelope so that the four of said panels provided thereby are substantially parallelly spaced from each other, the common surfaces of said four panels facing the same direction and at least one of which being highly heat-reflective, said four panels forming three insulating air spaces therebetween. 7. Thermal insulating shade as defined by claim 6, wherein said inner envelope is provided with an air outlet at one end of the shade, and said outer envelope is provided with an air inlet at the opposite end of the shade. 8. Thermal insulating shade as defined by claim 1, wherein said envelope means comprises: a pair of relatively flat spaced envelopes, one of said envelopes being positioned within the other, each of said envelopes having its air port at its end opposite that of the other of said envelopes; and said means for introducing air supplying and pumping replacement insulating air into said ports alternately first into one envelope and the n into the other, to keep replacement insulating air in said air space between said panels of said envelope means. 9. Thermal insulating shade as defined by claim 8, wherein said air pumping means further comprises a reciprocating valve and a timer for operating said valve. 10. Thermal insulating shade as defined by claim 8, wherein said envelope positioned within the other of said envelopes is provided with a plurality of spaced perforations to permit circulation of air from one of said envelopes to the other. 11. Thermal insulating shade as defined by claim 1, wherein said envelope means comprises: twin envelopes joined together in side-by-side relationship by a common center panel therebetween, each of said twin envelopes having air space on either side of said common center panel and each having an air opening communicating with its air space for the introduction and removal of air; and said means for introducing air alternately filling with air and evacuating air from said twin envelopes, so that when one said twin envelope is being filled, the other said twin envelope is being evacuated, thereby making the shade a highly efficient thermal barrier. 12. Thermal insulating shade as defined by claim 11, wherein the interior surface of the area to be insulated is that of a window and wherein said means for releasably mounting said envelope means permits hanging the shade adjacent the window to act as a drape. 13. Thermal insulating shade as defined by claim 11, wherein the interior surface of the area to be insulated is that of a roof and wherein said means for mounting said envelope means supports the shade in spaced relationship to said roof to act as a thermal barrier. 14. Thermal insulating shade as defined by claim 11, wherein said means for introducing air comprises: a device for alternately supplying air to and evacuating air from each of said twin envelopes in turn; a storage battery and circuit for energizing said device; and a solar battery and circuit for energizing said storage battery. 15. Thermal insualting shade as defined by claim 1, for shielding a confined area from teh sun's heat, said means for introducing air further comprising: means for supplying cooled air to said air space between said at least one pair of panels of the shade positioned in the confined area, which comprises: a source of air under pressure; and a solar cell battery with circuit means for connecting and for energizing said air source to supply cooled air to the shade, whereby air in the confined area which tends to be heated by the sun is, in effect, also cooled by virtue of energy derived from the sun, as well as by reflection of the sun's rays away from the confined area by said highly reflective surface of the thermal shade. 16. Thermal insulating shade as defined by claim 1, wherein said at least one highly reflective surface may be positioned to face outwardly in hot weather to reflect away the heat of the sun, and wherein the shade may be reversed in cold weather so that said at least one highly reflective surface faces inwardly to reflect back the interior warmth to the inside, said air space between said at least one pair of panels further enhancing the insulative effectiveness of the shade in both instances. 17. Thermal insulating shade as defined by claim 1, wherein said interior surface of the area to be insulated, on which the thermal shade is to be mounted in spaced substantially parallel relationship, comprises a door. 18. Thermal insulating shade as defined by claim 1, wherein said interior surface of the area to be insulated, on which at least part of the thermal shade is to be mounted in spaced substantially parallel relationship, comprises a vehicle windshield. 19. Thermal insulating shade as defined by claim 1, wherein said envelope means comprises at least two envelopes each having said pair of substantially parallelly disposed panels joined together at their peripheries, said at least two envelopes having independent unconnected air spaces and being so positioned with respect to each other that when air is introduced into said air space of one of said at least two envelopes, air is expelled from the adjacent said air space. 