An apparatus for determining the amount of particle suspension in a fluid by measuring radiation reflection on the particles, comprises a beam of radiation directed into the fluid; first and second photovoltaic detectors for picking up at least a portion of the beam of radiation reflected from the particle suspension in the fluid; and a circuit for comparing the output of the first detector relative to the output of the second detector to obtain the amount of particle suspension in the fluid. The detectors are positioned such that the output of the first detector increases relative to the output of the second detector as the amount of particle suspension in the fluid increases.
Claims I claim: 1. An apparatus for determining the amount of particle suspension in a fluid by measuring radiation reflection on the particles, comprising: (a) means for producing a beam of radiation having at least first and second reflected portions; (b) means for directing said beam of radiation into the fluid; (c) first detector means for picking up at least said first portion of said beam of radiation reflected from the particle suspension in the fluid and for generating an output; (d) second detector means for picking up at least said second portion of said beam of radiation reflected from the particle suspension in the fluid and for generating an output; (e) said beam having sufficient power so as to penetrate the fluid a sufficient distance to cause said at least first and second reflected portions of said beam to reflect from the particle suspension and impinge on said first and second detectors means, respectively (f) means for maintaining substantially constant the output of said first detector; (g) said first and second detector means are disposed for permitting the output of said second detector means to increase relative to the output of said first detector means as the amount of particle suspension increases; (h) means for comparing the output of said second detector means relative to the output of said first detector means for obtaining the amount of particle suspension of the fluid; and (i) means for compensating the relative output between said first and second detector means for accounting for variations in surface areas of the particle suspension in the fluid. 2. An apparatus, as in claim 1, wherein: (a) said beam of radiation has an axial; (b) said first detector means is disposed within at least a portion of a first area defined by a first radius about the axis of said beam of radiation; and (c) said second detector means is disposed within at least a portion of a second area adjacent said first area, said second area being defined by a second radius about the axis of said beam and lying outside said first area. 3. An apparatus, in claim 2, wherein: (a) said first and second detector means are adjacent each other. 4. An apparatus, as in claim 2, wherein: (a) said first and second detector means are disposed on a plane. 5. An apparatus, as in claim 2, wherein: (a) said first and second detector means are each substantially transverse to the axis of said beam of radiation. 6. An apparatus, as in claim 1, wherein: (a) said means for directing said beam of radiation includes window means for permitting said beam of radiation to project into the fluid; and (b) said first and second detector means are adjacent said window means. 7. An apparatus, as in claim 6, wherein: (a) said window means includes an inner surface disposed away from the fluid; and (b) said first and second detector means are disposed on said inner surface. 8. An apparatus, as in claim 1, wherein: (a) said means for producing a beam of radiation includes an incandescent light source; and (b) said maintaining means includes means for keeping substantially constant the output current from said first detector means by varying the voltage across said light source. 9. An apparatus, as in claim 1, wherein: (a) each of said first and second detector means is a photovoltaic cell. 10. An apparatus, as in claim 1, wherein: (a) said comparing means includes a microprocessor console. 11. An apparatus, as in claim 10, wherein: (a) said microprocessor console includes means for converting the relative output of said first and second detector means to a linear output. 12. An apparatus as in claim 1, wherein: (a) said second detector means includes a pair of detectors; and (b) said compensating means includes means for generating a difference output from said pair of detectors. 13. An apparatus as in claim 12, wherein: (a) said compensating means includes means for detecting the amplitude of the difference output of said pair of detectors. 14. An apparatus as in claim 13, wherein: (a) said detecting means includes a peak to peak rectifier. 15. An apparatus as in claim 12, wherein: (a) said generating means includes a differential amplifier operably connected to said pair of detectors. 16. An apparatus as in claim 1, wherein: (a) said second detector means includes a pair of detectors operably connected to each other for providing a combined output; and (b) means for generating a difference output from the combined output of said pair of detectors and said first detector means. 17. An apparatus as in claim 16, wherein: (a) said comprising means includes a differential amplifier operably connected to the output of said compensating means and the combined output of said pair of detectors. 18. An apparatus for measuring the consistency of a flowing stock slurry containing radiation reflecting particles, comprising: (a) means for producing a beam of radiation having at least first and second reflected portions; (b) means for directing said beam of radiation into the stock slurry; (c) first detector means for picking up at least said first portion of said beam of radiation reflected from the stock slurry and for generating an output; (d) second detector means for picking up at least said portion of said beam of radiation reflected from the stock slurry for generating an output; (e) said beam having sufficient power so as to penetrate the stock slurry a sufficient distance to cause said at least first and second reflected portions of said beam to reflect from the stock slurry and impinge on said first and second detectors; (f) means for maintaining substantially constant the output of said first detector means; (g) said first and second detector means are disposed for permitting the output of said second detector means to increase relative to the output of said first detector means as the consistency of the stock slurry increases; (h) means for comparing the output of said second detector means relative to the output of said first detector means for obtaining the consistency of the stock slurry; and (i) means for compensating the relative output between said first and second detector means for accounting for variations in surface areas of the particle suspension in the fluid. 19. An apparatus, as in claim 18, wherein: (a) said means for directing said beam of radiation includes window means for permitting said beam of radiation to project into the stock slurry; and (b) said window means is made of sapphire. 20. An apparatus as in claim 18, wherein: (a) said second detector means includes a pair of detectors; and (b) said compensating means includes means for generating a difference output from said pair of detectors. 21. An apparatus as in claim 20, wherein: (a) said compensating means includes means for detecting the amplitude of the difference output of said pair of detectors. 22. An apparatus as in claim 21, wherein: (a) said generating means includes a differential amplifier operably connected to said pair of detectors. 23. An apparatus as in claim 18, and further comprising: (a) means for compensating the relative output between said first and second detector means for accounting for the flow velocity of the fluid. 24. An apparatus as in claim 23, wherein: (a) said second detector means includes a pair of detectors; (b) means for generating a difference output from said pair of detectors; said difference output includes frequency information; and (d) means for converting said frequency information to a voltage which varies as the flow velocity of the fluid changes. 25. A method for determining the amount of particle suspension in a fluid by radiation reflection on the particles, comprising the steps of: (a) projecting a beam of radiation into the fluid, said beam of radiation having at least first and second reflected portions; (b) providing first and second detector means for picking up at least said first and second portions, respectively, of said beam of radiation reflected from the particle suspension in the fluid; (c) maintaining substantially constant the output of said first detector means; (d) positioning said first and second detector means such that the output of said second detector means increases relative to the output of said first detector means as the amount of particle suspension in the fluid increases; (e) comparing the output of said second detector mean relative to said first detector means for obtaining the amount of particle suspension in the fluid; and (f) compensating the relative output of said first and second detector means for accounting for variations in surface areas of the particle suspension in the fluid. 26. A method for maintaining the amount of particle suspension in a fluid to a desired level, comprising the steps of: (a) projecting a beam of radiation into the fluid, said beam of radiation having at least first and second reflected portions; (b) providing first and second detector means for picking up said at least first and second portions, respectively, of said beam of radiation reflected from the particle suspension in the fluid; (c) maintaining substantially constant the output of said first detector means; (d) positioning said first and second detector means such that the output of said second detector means increases relative to the output of said first detector means as the amount of particle suspension in the fluid increases; (e) comparing the output of said second detector means relative to the output of said first detector means for obtaining the amount of particle suspension in the fluid. (f) comparing the amount of particle suspension in the fluid against the desired level; (g) compensating the relative output of said first and second detector means for accounting for variations in surface areas of the particle suspension in the fluid. (h) increasing or decreasing the amount of particle suspension in the fluid to achieve the desired level and adding particles for increasing particle suspension and adding fluid for decreasing particle suspension; (i) periodically monitoring the amount of particle suspension in the fluid; (j) repeating said step of increasing or decreasing the amount of particle suspension in the fluid and said step of periodically monitoring the amount of particle as necessary. 27. A method, as in claim 26, and including the step of: (a) continuously moving the particle suspension fluid past said beam of radiation. 28. A method for determining the flow velocity of a moving particle suspension in a fluid, comprising the steps of: (a) projecting a beam of radiation into the fluid, said beam of radiation having at least first and second reflected portions; (b) providing first and second detector means for picking up said at least first and second portions, respectively, of said beam of radiation reflected from the particle suspension in the fluid; (c) providing a difference output from the outputs of said first and second detector means, said difference output having frequency which increases as the flow velocity of the fluid increases; (d) converting the frequency of said difference output into a varying voltage which increases as the flow velocity of the fluid increases; and (e) correlating the varying voltage to the flow velocity of the fluid. 29. A method, as in claim 28, wherein: (a) said step of converting includes the step of squaring and peak detecting said difference output. 