An IR sensing system wherein the focal area is located outside the casing at holds a detector array and a bundle of optical fibres leads from the focal area to the detector array in the array such that the inner, emitting end of each fibre of the bundle is in proximate relationship with only one single detector.
Claims I claim: 1. An infrared sensing system having a cooled detector assembly comprising an insulating casing holding a detector chamber with an array of cooled detectors in thermal contact with a cryogenic refrigerator, processor means for processing electric signals generated in the detectors by received and focused infrared radiation, conductor means for conducting said electric signals to said processor means and an infrared radiation focusing system having its focal area outside the casing, which focal area is optically linked to said array of cooled detectors by a bundle of optical fibres having receiving and emitting ends and capable of conducting infrared radiation, the receiving ends of all fibres being located in said focal area and the emitting end of each fibre being directly linked to only one single, associated detector of the array and comprising said insulating casing being stuffed with thermally insulating material and not being evacuated. 2. An infrared sensing system according to claim 1, wherein the receiving end of said bundle of optical fibres covers the entire object space in the focal area. 3. An infrared sensing system according to claim 1, wherein the receiving end of said bundle of optical fibres covers only a fraction of the object space in the focal area, and further comprising means for the receiving end of the optical fibre bundle to scan the object space in the focal area. 4. An infrared sensing system according to claim 1, wherein said array of cooled detectors includes an excessive number of detectors without discrimination between adequate and inadequate ones, the ends of the optical fibres being linked only to those detectors of each array whose respective qualities are found adequate by standard tests. 5. An infrared sensing system according to claim 1, wherein each detector array comprises a plurality of units each comprising at least two different detectors each of which is sensitive to a different wavelength whereby a multicolour picture is obtained. 6. An infrared sensing system according to claim 1, wherein at least two different kinds of optical fibre are used which transmit infrared light of different wavelengths, whereby a multicolour picture is obtained. 7. An infrared sensing system according to claim 1, wherein the detectors are of the photoconductive type. 8. An infrared sensing system according to claim 1, wherein the detectors are of the photovoltaic type. 9. An infrared sensing system according to claim 1, wherein the direct linking between the emitting end of each fibre and said single associated detector is effected by means of a splicer comprising a pair of chips of a first kind of interlocking engagement with a pair of chips of a second kind, the former chips securely holding a detector mounting substrate and the latter chips clamping between them each fibre of the bundle separate from any other fibre, whereby the detecting angle of each detector is confined to the image forming light cone emitted from the emitting end of the associated fibre. 10. A detector chamber according to claim 9, wherein said splicer is made of or coated with infrared radiation absorbing material. 11. An infrared sensing system according to claim 2 wherein said array of cooled detectors includes an excessive number of detectors without discrimination between adequate or inadequate ones, the ends of the optical fibres being linked only to those detectors of each array whose respective qualities are found adequate by standard tests. 12. An infrared sensing system according to claim 3, wherein said array of cooled detectors includes an excessive number of detectors without discrimination between adequate or inadequate ones, the ends of the optical fibres being linked only to those detectors of each array whose respective qualities are found adequate by standard tests. 13. An infrared sensing system according to claim 2, wherein at least two different kinds of optical fibres are used which transmit infrared light of different wavelengths, whereby a multicolor picture is obtained. 14. An infrared sensing system according to claim 3, wherein at least two different kinds of optical fibres are used which transmit infrared light of different wavelengths, whereby a multicolor picture is obtained. 