A solar collector panel arrangement includes a plurality of panels interconnected to form panel wings which in turn are secured in a symmetric fashion to a spacecraft, especially a satellite. At least the axially outermost panels forming the tip of a panel wing, are partially and/or fully foldable while the other panels of the wing are fully unfoldable. In the fully unfolded state of a wing all panels are located in a common plane in which also the system central axis is located. The two solar generator wings are so folded and structured or arrestable in certain positions that the entire center of gravity in the partially unfolded state remains in the same position as in the fully unfolded state and in the fully folded state.
Claims What we claim is: 1. A solar collector panel system for a spacecraft having a central system axis, comprising a first panel wing connected to one side of said spacecraft, a second panel wing connected to an opposite side of said spacecraft, each panel wing comprising a wing tip outer panel remote from said spacecraft and a number of intermediate panels between said spacecraft and said outer panel, first mounting hinging means (24, 25) for mounting each panel wing to said spacecraft, second hinging means (A) for securing said intermediate panels to each other so that said intermediate panels are foldable alternately in opposite directions, whereby said intermediate panels extend perpendicularly to said central axis (4') when said intermediate panels are fully folded and substantially along said central axis when said intermediate panels are fully unfolded, and third hinging means (A.sub.10,11 ; A.sub.12,13) for securing each outer panel to its neighboring intermediate panel, so that said outer panels in their partly unfolded state extend in parallel planes (P, P1) on opposite sides of said central axis, whereby a center of gravity (S) of said system remains substantially in the same position in all states of said system. 2. The solar collector panel system of claim 1, wherein said outer panels (10, 12) in their partly unfolded state extend diagonally opposite each other on opposite sides of said spacecraft. 3. The solar collector panel system of claim 1, wherein said parallel planes (P, P1) are spaced from each other perpendicularly to said central axis by a spacing (1.sub.11) corresponding approximately to an axial panel length (1.sub.11). 4. The solar collector panel system of claim 1, wherein said panels carry solar cells (20, 21) facing in the same direction when said panels are partly unfolded. 5. The solar collector panel system of claim 1, wherein said panels carry solar cells (20, 22) which face in opposite directions when said panels are partly unfolded. 6. A solar collector panel system for a spacecraft having a central system axis, comprising a first panel wing connected to one side of said spacecraft, a second panel wing connected to an opposite side of said spacecraft, each panel wing comprising a wing tip outer panel remote from said spacecraft and a number of intermediate panels between said spacecraft and said outer panel, first mounting hinging means for mounting each panel wing to said spacecraft, said first mounting means comprising a mounting mechanism (27) with three parallel hinging axes (17', 27', 27"), second hinging means (15', 16') for interconnecting neighboring intermediate panels (15, 16, 17) to each other along their edges, and third hinging means (26) comprising two hinging brackets for securing said outer panel (14) to its respective neighboring intermediate panel, said hinging brackets forming a first hinging axis (V) extending along an axially inwardly facing edge of said outer panel (14) and a second hinging axis (W) extending centrally in a plane defined by an intermediate panel (15)next to said outer panel (14), so that said first and second hinging axes (V, W) extend in parallel to each other, whereby a panel wing is partly unfoldable, although all panels are only fully unfoldable when the center of gravity remains substantially in the same position in all states of said system. 7. The solar collector panel system of claim 6, wherein said panels have a panel length (L.sub.14) and said first and second hinging axes (V, W) are spaced from each other by a spacing (a) corresponding to about one half of said panel length (L.sub.14). 8. The solar collector panel system of claim 6, wherein said mounting mechanism (27) comprises first and second arms interconnected at one of said hinging axes (27'), said first arm being hinged centrally to said spacecraft at another of said axes (27"), said second arm being hinged to its neighboring intermediate panel (17) at a third hinging axis (17'). 9. The solar collector panel system of claim 8, wherein said panels have an axial panel length (L.sub.14), said first arm of said mounting mechanism having an axial length corresponding to about one half of said axial panel length, said second arm having an axial length corresponding to about said axial panel length. 10. A solar collector panel system for a spacecraft having a central system axis, comprising a first panel wing connected to one side of said spacecraft, a second panel wing connected to an opposite side of said spacecraft, each panel wing comprising at least one partly unfoldable wing tip outer panel remote from said spacecraft and a number of intermediate panels between said spacecraft and said outer panel, first mounting hinging means for mounting each panel wing to said spacecraft, wherein said intermediate panels comprise a slantable panel (18) hinged at (A.sub.17,18) to an inner edge of an axially innermost outer panel of said outer panels (17a), said slantable panel (18) being arrestable in a slanted position at a first angle (.alpha.) relative to its neighboring intermediate panel (19) that is not yet unfolded, said outer panel (17a) extending at a second angle (.delta.) to said slanted panel in its fixed slanted position, and wherein said first and second angles (.alpha., .delta.) are so selected that a center of gravity (S.sub.17,18) of said slanted panel (18) and of said outer panel (17a) is located on said system axis (4'), whereby an overall system center of gravity remains substantially in the same position for all states of the system. 11. The solar collector panel system of claim 10, wherein said outer panel (17a) extends in parallel to said central system axis and perpendicularly to intermediate panels still in their folded state. 