A photovoltaic device is provided that is adapted to monitor an "on-line" light source and respond to on/off changes of the source while at the same time being adapted for visual inspection of the light. The device is adapted for incorporation into a remote warning system which may also be able to activate remedial measures to correct deviations signalled by a change in the "on-line" light status.
Claims I claim: 1. A light-responsive device comprising: a housing having first and second surfaces and a light access port in the first surface communicating with a recess within the housing; a photovoltaic device located within said recess; adhesive on said first surface of said housing to attached said housing to a receiving surface surrounding a light source, a light-tight connection being established between said first surface and said receiving surface when said housing is so attached; said housing providing a substantially opaque enclosure that permits no significant access of ambient light to the photovoltaic device through said housing when the housing is attached to such a receiving an observation port in said housing for visually monitoring on/off status of said light source. 2. A light-responsive device according to claim 1 in which means are provided to limit access of ambient light through the observation port to the photovoltaic device. 3. A light-responsive device according to claim 1 in which said housing defining the recess has interior surfaces which interior surfaces are provided with a non-reflective matte black coating so as to limit access of ambient light to the photovoltaic device. 4. A light-responsive device according to claim 1 in which the photovoltaic device is a photodiode. 5. A light-responsive device according to claim 1 in which a filter is provided over the observation port to further limit access of ambient light to the photovoltaic device. 6. A light-responsive device according to claim 1 in which the observation port is provided with a convex lens so as to permit side angle monitoring of the on/off status of a light monitored by such device. 7. A light-responsive device according to claim 1 in which the housing comprises a block of a plastic material having said internal recess communicating with said light access port in said first surface of the housing such that light can pass through the port and enter the recess. 8. A light-responsive device according to claim 7 in which the plastic material is an opaque plastic. 9. A light-responsive device according to claim 7 in which the plastic material is a clear plastic with surfaces treated with an opaque nonreflecting material so as to limit access of ambient light to the recess other than through the light access port. 10. A light-responsive device according to claim 1 in which the observation port communicates directly with an aperture adjacent to, but separate from, the light access port. 11. A light-responsive device according to claim 1 further including a removable release strip covering said adhesive which allows handling of the device and which is removable to expose said adhesive and permit it to be used to attach the device to such a surface. 12. A light-responsive device according to claim 1 in which light from the source to be monitored by the device travels to the observation port through a light-conducting rod of clear plastic. 13. A light-responsive device according to claim 12 in which the light-conducting rod has its external lengthwise surface treated with a nonreflecting opaque substance. 14. A monitoring system which comprises: the light-responsive device according to claim 1 for registering activation or deactivation of the light source by a change of the voltage output of said photovoltaic device; and means for detecting said voltage output change. 15. A monitoring system according to claim 14 which further comprises means for responding in a predetermined manner to said change. 16. A light-responsive device according to claim 1 in which said housing is made from a moldable, rubber-like material which conforms to irregularities in the receiving surface and thereby facilitates the light-tight connection. 17. A light-responsive device according to claim 16 in which the housing is made from a plurality of laminae of a resilient foam material adhered together to form a block. 18. A light-responsive device according to claim 16 wherein the moldable rubber-like housing material may be cut to fit about the light source and to conform to the receiving surface. 19. An elongated strip formed of a plurality of light-responsive devices according to claim 16 joined in side-by-side relationship. 20. An elongated strip according to claim 19 in which separation means are provided between adjacent devices. 21. An elongated strip according to claim 20 in which the separation means is a series of perforations in a release paper covering the second surfaces of the housings. 22. A light responsive device comprising: (a) a housing fabricated from a black plastic member and having first and second surfaces; an internal recess communicating with a light access port in the first surface; and a clear, plastic rod disposed within a hole in said housing, the hole being adjacent the recess and traversing said housing and ending in an upper observation port in said second surface and in a lower observation port in said first surface, the upper observation port in the second surface being connected with the lower observation port in the first surface through a light path including the clear plastic rod; (b) a photovoltaic device located in the recess within the housing and responsive to light, from a light source surrounded by a receiving surface, reaching it through the light access port, generating an electric current proportional to the light intensity, said black plastic housing member providing a substantially opaque enclosure that permits no significant access of ambient light to the photovoltaic device through said housing when the housing is attached to said receiving surface; (c) leads for conducting said current from the photovoltaic device; and (d) a double-sided adhesive, clear, plastic strip adhered to the first surface of the housing providing adhesive to attach the housing to the receiving surface. 23. A monitoring system which comprises: the light-responsive device according to claim 22 for registering activation or deactivation of the light source by a change in voltage output of said photovoltaic device; means connected to said leads for detecting said voltage output change; and means for responding in a predetermined manner to said change. 24. A monitoring system including said light-responsive device according to claim 22 and a controller device connected to said leads which compares a signal from said light-responsive device with a predetermined normal signal range and, in the event of a deviation from said normal range, activates a telephone warning to an operator and control relays in response to said deviation. 25. A light-responsive device comprising: (a) a housing comprising a square plastic tube having first and second ends and, located inside said tube, a clear cylindrical plastic rod having a diameter slightly smaller than an internal side dimension of the square tube, and a length slightly less than the square tube, the first end of the tube being closed by a first transparent cover adhered to both the end of the square tube and the end of the adjacent rod, and the second end of the tube being covered by a clear, plastic double-sided adhesive strip adhered to the second end of the square tube, the cylindrical surface of the rod and the internal surface of the square tube being painted a nonreflecting matte black; (b) a photovoltaic device located in a recess within the tube between the end of the rod and the clear plastic strip, said device being responsive to the light, from a light source, reaching it and generating an electric current proportional to the light intensity; and (c) leads for conducting said current from the photovoltaic device. 26. A monitoring system which comprises: the light-responsive device according to claim 25 for registering activation or deactivation of the light source by a change in voltage output of said photovoltaic device; means connected to said leads for detecting said voltage output change; and means for responding in a predetermined manner to said change. 27. A monitoring system including said light-responsive device according to claim 25 and a controller device connected to said leads which compares a signal from said light-responsive device with a predetermined normal signal range and, in the event of a deviation from said normal range, activates a telephone warning to an operator and control relays in response to said deviation. 28. A light-responsive device comprising: (a) a plurality of laminae of a resilient foam material adhered together to form a housing having first and second opposed surfaces, each lamina having a centrally located hole such that the housing has an internal recess extending from the first surface to the opposed second surface, the second surface being covered by a transparent, colored first cover sheet having a printed pattern over the opening communicating with the recess so as to limit access of light therethrough, and the first surface being covered by a transparent second cover sheet; (b) a photovoltaic device located in the recess within the housing and responsive to light, from a light source, reaching it through the light access port, generating an electric current proportional to the light intensity; (c) leads for conducting said current from the photovoltaic device; and (d) a double-sided adhesive strip adhered to the second transparent cover sheet and having an aperture permitting access of light to the photovoltaic device. 29. A device according to claim 28 in which the second cover sheet is a transparent, plastic, double-sided adhesive strip and component recited in subparagraph (d) is omitted. 30. A monitoring system which comprises: the light-responsive device according to claim 28 for registering activation or deactivation of the light source by a change in voltage output of said photovoltaic device; means connected to said leads for detecting said voltage output change; and means for responding in a predetermined manner said change. 31. A monitoring system including said light-responsive device according to claim 28 and a controller device connected to said leads which compares a signal from said light-responsive device with a predetermined normal signal range and, in the event of a deviation from said normal range, activates a telephone warning to an operator and control relays in response to said deviation. 32. A warning system incorporating a light-responsive device comprising: a housing having a first surface and a light access port in said first surface communicating with a recess within the housing; a photovoltaic device located within said recess; adhesive on said first surface of said housing attaching said housing to a receiving surface surrounding a light source, a light-tight connection being established between said housing and said receiving surface when said housing is so attached, said housing providing a substantially opaque enclosure that permits no significant access of ambient light to the photovoltaic device; and an observation port in an exterior surface of said housing connected by a light-path to said light access port which allows observation from outside said housing of on/off status of the light source; means for registering a change in the on/off status of said light source, activated by a change of voltage output from the photovoltaic device. 33. A monitoring system which comprises: the warning system according to claim 32; and means for responding in a predetermined manner to said change. 34. A warning system according to claim 32 in which the means for registering a change in the on/off status of a light source is a controller device which compares the signal generated by the light-responsive device with a normal signal range and, in the event of said deviation from said normal range, activates a telephone warning to an operator and control relays in response to said deviation. 35. A light-responsive device comprising: a housing having first and second surfaces and a light access port in the first surface communicating with a recess within the housing; a photovoltaic device located within said recess; means for attaching the first surface of said housing to a receiving surface surrounding a light source; said housing providing a substantially opaque enclosure that permits no significant access of ambient light to the photovoltaic device through said housing when the housing is attached to such a receiving surface; and an observation port in said housing for visually monitoring on/off status of said light source. 