An orbital debris sweeper is provided for removing particles from orbit which otherwise may impact and damage an orbiting spacecraft. The debris sweeper includes a central sweeper core which carries a debris monitoring unit, and a plurality of large area impact panels rotatable about a central sweeper rotational axis. In response to information from the debris monitoring unit, a computer determines whether individual monitored particles preferably impact one of the rotating panels or pass between the rotating panels. A control unit extends or retracts one or more booms which interconnect the sweeper core and the panels to change the moment of inertia of the sweeper and thereby the rotational velocity of the rotating panels. According to the method of the present invention, the change in panel rotational velocity increases the frequency of particles which desirably impact one of the panels and are thereby removed from orbit, while large particles which may damage the impact panels pass between the trailing edge of one panel and the leading edge of the rotationally succeeding panel.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An orbital debris sweeper for removing particles from orbit which otherwise may impact and damage an orbiting spacecraft, the orbital debris sweeper comprising: a sweeper core having a central sweeper axis; a debris monitoring unit carried by the sweeper core for monitoring the trajectory and size of individual orbiting particles in the vicinity of the debris sweeper; a plurality of impact panels rotatable about the central sweeper axis, each impact panel having a cantilevered end extending radially outward from the sweeper core, a leading edge circumferentially spaced from a rotationally preceding panel, and a trailing edge circumferentially spaced from the leading edge of a rotationally succeeding panel; a plurality of radially extendable and retractable booms each interconnecting the sweeper core and a corresponding impact panel; a computer responsive to the debris monitoring unit for determining whether, as a function of the monitored size of an individual particle, the individual particle preferably impacts one of the rotating impact panels or passes between the rotating impact panels; and a power control unit responsive to the computer for extending or retracting one or more of the booms to change the moment of inertia of the sweeper and thereby the rotational velocity of the plurality of rotating panels to increase panel impact frequency of particles which preferably impact one of the panels while reducing panel impact frequency of particles which preferably pass between the rotating panels. 2. An orbital debris sweeper as defined in claim 1, wherein the power control unit includes a plurality of drive motors for simultaneously extending or retracting each of the plurality of panels, such that the position of the sweeper core remains substantially constant while the rotational velocity of the impact panels is varied. 3. An orbital debris sweeper as defined in claim 1, wherein the debris monitoring unit includes a radar detection device for monitoring both the path and size of individual particles in the vicinity of the debris sweeper. 4. An orbital debris sweeper as defined in claim 1, wherein each of the impact panels comprises: a light-weight frame; and a sheet-like fabric material carried by the frame for decelerating particles which impact and pierce through the fabric material. 5. An orbital debris sweeper as defined in claim 4, wherein each of the impact panels lies substantially within a plane defined by the rotating impact panels. 6. An orbital debris sweeper as defined in claim 5, wherein each of the impact panels has a generally rectangular configuration within the plane defined by the rotating impact panels. 7. An orbital debris sweeper as defined in claim 1, further comprising: a sweeper propulsion device for altering the rotational velocity of the plurality of impact panels. 8. An orbital debris sweeper as defined in claim 1, wherein the power control unit asymmetrically extends or retracts the plurality of impact panels in response to the computer to alter the position of the sweeper core. 9. An orbital debris sweeper as defined in claim 1, further comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic arrays supported on the sweeper core for powering the power control unit. 10. An orbital debris sweeper as defined in claim 1, further comprising: interconnection means for normally interconnecting each of the booms with the sweeper core such that the impact panels are symmetrically positioned about the central sweeper axis. 11. An orbital debris sweeper for removing from orbit particles having a trajectory monitored by a debris monitoring unit, the orbital debris sweeper comprising: a sweeper core having a central sweeper axis: a plurality of impact panels continually rotatable about the central sweeper axis, each impact panel having a cantilevered end extending radially outward from the sweeper core, a leading edge circumferentially spaced from a rotationally preceding panel, and a trailing edge circumferentially spaced from the leading edge of a rotationally succeeding panel; a plurality of radially extendable and retractable booms each interconnecting the sweeper core and a corresponding impact panel; a power control unit responsive to the debris monitoring unit for extending or retracting one or more of the booms to change the moment of inertia of the sweeper and thereby the rotational velocity of the plurality of rotating panels to increase panel impact frequency of particles which impact one of the panels. 12. An orbital debris sweeper as defined in claim 11, wherein the debris monitoring unit includes a radar detection device carried by the sweeper core. 13. An orbital debris sweeper as defined in claim 11, wherein each of the impact panels comprises: forming each of the impact panels in a generally thin large impact area configuration; and positioning each of the impact panels such that its large impact area configuration lies within a plane defined by the rotating impact panels. 14. An orbital debris sweeper as defined in claim 13, wherein each of the impact panels lies substantially within a plane defined by the rotating impact panels. 15. A method of removing particles from orbit, the method comprising: orbiting a debris sweeper having a plurality of impact panels continually rotating about a central sweeper rotational axis, each impact panel having a leading edge circumferentially spaced from a rotationally preceding panel, and a trailing edge circumferentially spaced from the leading edge of a rotationally succeeding panel; monitoring the path and size of individual orbiting particles which pass in the vicinity of an area swept by the rotating panels; determining whether individual monitored particles preferably impact one of the rotating impact panels or pass between the rotating panels; and radially extending or retracting one or more of the impact panels with respect to the central sweeper rotational axis to change the moment of inertia of the rotating panels and thereby the rotational velocity of the rotating panels to increase panel impact frequency of particles which preferably impact one of the panels while reducing panel impact frequency of particles which perferably pass between the rotating panels. 16. A method as defined in claim 15, further comprising: simultaneously extending or retracting each of the plurality of panels with respect to the central sweeper rotational axis, such that the position of the sweeper rotational axis remains substantially unchanged during extension or retraction of the panels. 17. A method as defined in claim 15, further comprising: forming each of the impact panels from a light-weight frame and a sheet-like fabric material supported on the frame. 18. A method as defined in claim 17, further comprising: forming each of the impact panels in a generally thin large impact area configuration; and positioning each of the impact panels such that its large impact area configuration lies within a plane defined by the rotating impact panels. 19. A method as defined in claim 15, further comprising: asymmetrically extending or retracting the plurality of panels from the central sweeper rotational axis to alter the position of the central sweeper rotational axis. 20. A method as defined in claim 15, further comprising: positioning a propulsion device on one of the impact panels; and selectively activating the propulsion device to increase the rotational velocity of the rotating impact panels. 