A solar collector involves an elongate main boom having a longitudinal axis and a solar collector frame. Brackets are provided for pivotally mounting the solar collector frame to the main boom for pivotal motion about a first pivotal axis substantially parallel to the longitudinal axis of the main boom. A first motor is mounted to the main boom and has a rotary output shaft coaxially aligned with the first pivotal axis and drivingly connected to the frame for pivoting the frame about the first pivotal axis. A plurality of solar collector elements are pivotally mounted to the solar collector frame for synchronized pivotal motion with respect to the frame about respective second pivotal axes disposed substantially parallel to one another and substantially transverse to the longitudinal axis of the main boom. A second motor is mounted to the solar collector frame and has a rotary output shaft drivingly connected to each of the plurality of solar collector elements for pivoting each of the solar collector elements about the respective second pivotal axis.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar collector comprising: an elongate main boom having a longitudinal axis; a solar collector frame; first mounting means for pivotally mounting said solar collector frame to said main boom for pivotal motion about a first pivotal axis substantially parallel to the longitudinal axis of said main boom; and first motor means, separate from said first mounting means, mounted to said main boom and having a rotary output shaft coaxially aligned with said first pivotal axis and drivingly connected to said frame, for pivoting said frame about said first pivotal axis. 2. The solar collector of claim 1, in which said first mounting means includes a first pair of spaced brackets attached to said solar collector frame, a second pair of spaced brackets attached to said main boom, a pair of pivot pins separately pivotally attaching each one of said first pair of brackets to a respective one of said second pair of brackets, each of said pair of pivot pins being coaxially aligned with said first pivotal axis. 3. The solar collector of claim 2, and further including a drive bracket attached to said solar collector frame and fixed to said rotary output shaft for translating rotary motion of said output shaft to pivotal motion of said collector frame about said first pivotal axis. 4. The solar collector of claim 1, and further including a substantially vertical support post, and pivot means for pivotally mounting said main boom to said support post for pivotal motion about an axis transverse to the longitudinal axis of said main boom. 5. The solar collector of claim 1, in which said solar collector frame is substantially rectangular and planar, and said solar collector frame is symmetrically subdivided by said first means for pivotally mounting said solar collector frame. 6. The solar collector of claim 4, and further including adjustable stop means for fixing said main boom against pivotal motion with respect to said support post at a selected orientation. 7. The solar collector of claim 1, and further including: a plurality of solar collector elements; second means for pivotally mounting each of said plurality of solar collector elements to said solar collector frame for synchronized pivotal motion with respect to said frame about a respective one of a plurality of second pivotal axes disposed substantially parallel to one another and substantially transverse to the longitudinal axis of said main boom; and second motor means, mounted to said solar collector frame and having a rotary output shaft drivingly connected to each of said plurality of solar collector elements, for pivoting each of said solar collector elements about a respective one of said plurality of second pivotal axes. 8. The solar collector of claim 7, in which said solar collector frame includes a pair of spaced transverse frame members disposed substantially transverse to said first pivotal axis, a pair of spaced outer longitudinal frame members disposed substantially parallel to said first pivotal axis and connected to end portions of said transverse frame members, a pair of spaced inner longitudinal frame members disposed between said outer longitudinal frame members substantially parallel thereto and connected to intermediate portions of said transverse frame members, said plurality of solar collector elements being mounted to said solar collector frame within a pair of solar collector element mounting areas, each such area being defined between adjacent inner and outer longitudinal frame members. 9. The solar collector of claim 8, in which said solar collector frame includes a pair of spaced short transverse frame members spanning between and connected to said inner longitudinal frame members, said first means for mounting being connected to each of said short transverse frame members. 10. The solar collector of claim 9, in which said first means for mounting includes a first pair of spaced brackets, each attached to a respective one of said short transverse frame members, a second pair of spaced brackets attached to said main boom, a pair of pivot means for pivotally attaching each one of said first pair of brackets to a respective one of said second pair of brackets, wherein said pair of pivot means defines said first pivotal axis therebetween. 11. The solar collector of claim 10, in which each one of said first pair of brackets includes a pair of legs attached on opposite sides of the respective short transverse frame member, said legs extending substantially perpendicular to both the transverse frame members and to the longitudinal frame members of said solar collector frame, each of said second pair of brackets being disposed between the pair of legs of the respective one of the first pair of brackets. 12. The solar collector of claim 11, in which said pair of pivot means includes a pair of pivot pins, each pivot pin pivotally connecting one of said second pair of brackets to the legs of the respective one of the first pair of brackets. 13. The solar collector of claim 1, in which said first motor means includes a housing attached to said main boom, an electric motor within said housing, gearing in driven engagement with said electric motor and in driving engagement with said rotary output shaft. 14. The solar collector of claim 4, in which said pivot means includes a pair of spaced legs upstanding from said support post and disposed on opposite sides of said main boom, and a substantially horizontally oriented pivot pin pivotally connecting said main boom to said legs. 15. The solar collector of claim 14, in which said support post is capped by a sleeve having a closed top to which said pair of spaced upstanding legs is attached, and in which said sleeve is secured against rotation relative to said support post by a set screw threadedly received through said sleeve and adjustably bearing on said support post. 16. The solar collector of claim 7, in which said second means for pivotally mounting each of said plurality of solar collector elements includes a collector element shaft attached to each collector element coaxial with one of said second pivotal axes, a drive pulley and a driven pulley affixed to each collector element shaft, and a transmission belt wrapped around the drive pulley and driven pulley of adjacent collector element shafts. 17. The solar collector of claim 16, in which the rotary output shaft of the second motor means has a drive pulley affixed thereto, and a drive belt is wrapped around the drive pulley of the second motor means and the driven pulley of one of the plurality of collector element shafts. 18. The solar collector of claim 17, and further including a substantially vertical support post, and pivot means for pivotally mounting said main boom to said support post for pivotal motion about an axis transverse to the longitudinal axis of said main boom. 19. The solar collector of claim 7, in which said second means for pivotally mounting each of said plurality of solar collector elements includes a collector element shaft attached to each collector element coaxial with one of said second pivotal axes, a lever affixed to each collector element shaft generally perpendicular thereto, and a rod connected to the levers of adjacent collector element shafts. 20. The solar collector of claim 19, in which the rotary output shaft of the second motor means has a lever affixed generally perpendicular thereto, and a drive rod is connected to the lever of the rotary output shaft and to a lever of one of collector element shafts. 