A solar electric drying apparatus for drying and dehydration of articles positioned therein and collecting of clean distillate produced during the drying operation which includes a housing with side walls defining closable openings therein and defining an open top and bottom area. A top is translucent to permit light therethrough for warming of the distillation chamber defined therebelow. A distillation collection means including an accumulation container is positioned within the distillation chamber itself. A porous tray extends across the open bottom area of the housing upon which articles to be solar dried are placed. A support table is adapted to receive the housing structure mounted thereon detachably and includes a blower means capable of including a heating means for blowing of air vertically through the porous tray to facilitate drying and dehydration and to equalize temperature and humidity characteristics within the distillation chamber. The blower device is powered by a drive menas which draws its energy from a solar powered battery means.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar electric drying apparatus for drying of articles positioned therein and collecting of clean distillate produced during drying, said solar electric drying apparatus comprising: (a) a housing means defining a distillation chamber therein to facilitate solar dehydration of articles positioned therein, said housing means further including: (1) a plurality of side wall means extending approximately vertically to define said distillation chamber therebetween, said side wall means defining an open bottom area and an open top area therein to facilitate solar dehydration and distillate collection; (2) a top means extending over at least a portion of said top opening area of said distillation chamber, said top means being non-opaque to allow solar heating of said distillation chamber and of articles positioned therein for dehydration thereof; (b) a distillate collection means comprising: (1) an inclined surface member positioned within said distillation chamber and adapted to receive condensed distillate thereon, said inclined surface member including a lower end thereof adapted to receive collected distillate therealong; (2) a distillate accumulation means positioned within said housing means adjacent said lower end of said inclined surface member and adapted to receive and retain collected distillate therefrom; (c) a porous tray means extending across said open bottom area of said housing means to facilitate placement of articles to be solar dehydrated thereupon; (d) a support table adapted to receive said housing means of said solar drying apparatus mounted thereon, said support table further including: (1) an upper table surface; (2) a housing support means to facilitate retainment of said housing means of said solar electric drying apparatus spatially disposed above said upper table surface of said support table to define an upper table chamber therein; and (e) a blower means positioned within said upper table chamber to facilitate circulation of air from said upper table chamber upwardly through said porous tray means into said distillation chamber to allow circulation of air therein to facilitate drying of articles positioned upon said porous tray means and collection of distillate within said distillation chamber. 2. A solar electric drying apparatus for drying of articles positioned therein and collecting of clean distillate produced during drying as defined in claim 1 further comprising a drive means operatively connected with respect to said blower means for driving same. 3. A solar electric drying apparatus for drying of articles positioned therein and collecting of clean distillate produced during drying as defined in claim 2 further comprising a solar powered energy storage and supply means operatively secured with respect to said drive means for powering same. 4. A solar electric drying apparatus for drying of articles positioned therein and collecting of clean distillate produced during drying as defined in claim 1 wherein said top means comprises said inclined surface member to facilitate receiving of condensed distillate thereon. 5. A solar electric drying apparatus for drying of articles positioned therein and collecting of clean distillate produced during drying as defined in claim 1 wherein said top means is translucent to facilitate solar heating of said distillation chamber. 6. A solar electric drying apparatus for drying of articles positioned therein and collecting of clean distillate produced during drying as defined in claim 1 wherein said top means is transparent to facilitate solar heating of said distillation chamber. 7. A solar electric drying apparatus for drying of articles positioned therein and collecting of clean distillate produced during drying as defined in claim 1 wherein said inclined surface member includes a water wettable surface for receiving the condensed distillate. 8. A solar electric drying apparatus for drying of articles positioned therein and collecting of clean distillate produced during drying as defined in claim 7 wherein said water wettable surface is made of plastic. 9. A solar electric drying apparatus for drying of articles positioned therein and collecting of clean distillate produced during drying as defined in claim 1 wherein said inclined surface member is cross-sectionally V-shaped to facilitate accumulation of distillate thereon. 10. A solar electric drying apparatus for drying of articles positioned therein and collecting of clean distillate produced during drying as defined in claim 1 wherein said side wall means of said housing means define side wall opening means therein and side wall door means extendable across said side wall openings for selectively opening and closing thereof as desired. 11. A solar electric drying apparatus for drying of articles positioned therein and collecting of clean distillate produced during drying as defined in claim 1 wherein said housing means includes L-shaped support members adapted to abut said housing support means to facilitate retainment thereof with respect to said support table. 12. A solar electric drying apparatus for drying of articles positioned therein and collecting of clean distillate produced during drying as defined in claim 11 wherein said housing means is detachably engageable with respect to said support table. 13. A solar electric drying apparatus for drying of articles positioned therein and collecting of clean distillate produced during drying as defined in claim 1 wherein said side wall means comprises four side wall members. 14. A solar electric drying apparatus for drying of articles positioned therein and collecting of clean distillate produced during drying as defined in claim 1 wherein said porous tray means is selectively removable with respect to said open bottom area of said housing means to facilitate removal and replacement of articles thereon. 15. A solar electric drying apparatus for drying of articles positioned therein and collecting of clean distillate produced during drying as defined in claim 1 wherein said inclined surface member is made of plastic made water wettable by sanding of the surface thereof to minimize beading of condensed distillate thereon and facilitate flow of distillate therealong. 16. A solar electric drying apparatus for drying of articles positioned therein and collecting of clean distillate produced during drying as defined in claim 1 wherein said blower means includes heating means therein selectively operable to introduce additional heat as desired within said distillation chamber and said upper table chamber. 17. A solar electric drying apparatus for drying of articles positioned therein and collecting of clean distillate produced during drying as defined in claim 16 further including thermostat means adapted to sense temperature within said distillation chamber. 18. A solar electric drying apparatus for drying of articles positioned therein and collecting of clean distillate produced during drying as defined in claim 17 wherein said thermostat means is adapted to render said heating means and said blower means operative responsive to the temperature within said distillation chamber falling below a given predetermined value. 19. A solar electric drying apparatus for drying of articles positioned therein and collecting of clean distillate produced during drying as defined in claim 18 wherein said thermostat means is adapted to render said heating means and said blower means operative responsive to the temperature within said distillation chamber falling below a given predetermined value between 150 and 200 degrees Fahrenheit. 20. A solar electric drying apparatus for drying of articles positioned therein and collecting of clean distillate produced during drying, said solar electric drying apparatus comprising: (a) a housing means defining a distillation chamber therein to facilitate solar dehydration of articles positioned therein, said housing means further including: (1) four side wall means extending approximately vertically to define said distillation chamber therebetween, said side wall means defining an open bottom area and an open top area therein to facilitate solar drying and distillate collection, said side wall means defining at least one side wall opening means therein, said side wall means further defining side wall door means extendable over said side wall opening means for selectively opening and closing thereof as desired, said housing means further including L-shaped support members adapted to facilitate mounting of said housing means; (2) a top means extending over at least a portion of said top opening area of said distillation chamber, said top means being translucent to allow solar heating of said distillation chamber and of articles positioned therein for drying thereof; (b) a distillate collection means comprising: (1) an inclined surface member forming at least a portion of said top means being positioned within said distillation chamber and adapted to receive condensed distillate thereon, said inclined surface being V-shaped in cross-section to facilitate distillate flow therealong, said inclined surface member including a lower end thereof adapted to receive collected distillate therealong, said inclined surface member including a water wettable plastic surface to facilitate accumulation of distillate thereon, said inclined surface member including a sanded surface to facilitate water wettability thereof to prevent beading of condensed distillate thereon to facilitate flow therealong; (2) a distillate accumulation means positioned within said housing means adjacent said lower end of said inclined surface member and adapted to receive and retain collected distillate therefrom; (c) A porous tray means extending across said open bottom area of said housing means to facilitate placement of articles to be solar dehydrated thereupon, said porous tray means being detachably positionable extending over said open bottom area of said housing means to facilitate replacement of articles to be dried thereon; (d) a support table adapted to receive said housing means of said solar drying apparatus mounted thereon, said support table further including: (1) an upper table surface; (2) a housing support means to facilitate detachable retainment of said housing means of said solar electric drying apparatus spatially disposed above said upper table surface of said support table to define an upper table chamber therein; (e) a blower means positioned within said upper table chamber to facilitate circulation of air from said upper table chamber upwardly through said porous tray means into said distillation chamber to allow circulation of air therein to facilitate dehydration of articles positioned upon said porous tray means and collection of distillate within said distillation chamber, said blower means including heating means therein selectively operable to introduce additional heat as desired within said distillation chamber and said upper table chamber; (f) a drive means operatively connected with respect to said blower means for driving thereof; (g) a solar powered energy storage and supply means operatively secured with respect to said drive means for powering thereof; and (h) thermostat means operative to sense temperature within said distillation chamber and being responsive to the temperature therein being below a predetermined value to initiate activation of said heating means and said blower means. 