A solar panel in which the bus-and-interconnect structures are visually masked, to improve not only aesthetics but also the operational characteristics of the panel. A transparent superstrate for the panel has on a surface juxtaposed to the radiation-receiving surfaces of the cells a pattern masking material just sufficient, with manufacturing tolerances, to mask the generally non-symmetrical interconnect structure in a substantially more uniform, symmetrical manner. The masking material may be matte-finish (paint) or highly reflective (a metallic deposit), and in either case may be applied by the same process (e.g., silk screen). The reflective mask structure inhibits heat build-up in the panel; and the matte-finish mask structure is generally unobtrusive and aesthetically pleasing, as required for example, in vehicular applications. A redundant bus structure yields surprisingly compact interconnects, with increased versatility in arrangement of grid patterns of collector electrodes, and is highly compatible with the masking structures and techniques.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar panel comprising: a plurality of solar cells having radiation absorbing surfaces and opposed back surfaces; conducting means for interconnecting the solar cells; a transparent superstrate upon one surface of which the radiation absorbing surfaces are mounted; and means upon a surface of said transparent superstrate for masking said interconnecting means and for masking the peripheral edge portions of said radiation absorbing surfaces of said solar cells so as to present a uniform visual appearance to the panel. 2. The solar panel of claim 1 in which the plurality of solar cells are silicon solar cells. 3. The solar panel of claim 1 in which the plurality of solar cells include first and second pluralities of solar cells, the conductive interconnecting means including first means for interconnecting the first plurality of cells in series, second means for interconnecting the second plurality of cells in series, and third means for interconnecting the first plurality of solar cells with the second plurality of solar cells, said masking means being disposed to mask said first, second and third interconnecting means. 4. The solar panel of claim 3 in which the first, second and third interconnecting means are disposed toward the edges of said first and second pluralities of solar cells; and the masking means is disposed to mask the edges of said first and second plurality of solar cells at least to the innermost edges of all of said first, second and third interconnecting means. 5. The solar panel of claim 1 or of claim 4 in which the masking means comprises a deposited paint-like material adhered to a surface of the transparent superstrate. 6. The solar panel of claim 5 in which the deposited material is a matte-finish material. 7. The solar panel of claim 4 in which the masking means comprises a reflective material adhered to the surface of the transparent superstrate. 8. The solar panel of claim 7 in which the reflective material is a deposited metallic material. 9. The solar panel of claim 8 in which the reflective material is selected to reflect most of the solar radiation incident in alignment with the first, second and third interconnecting means. 10. A method of assembling a solar panel, comprising the steps of: depositing, upon a plurality of solar cells having radiation absorbing surfaces and opposed back surfaces, individual contacts upon said back surfaces, including forming interconnection leads extending from said contacts; interconnecting the plurality of solar cells in a substantially regular array with a selected pattern of conductors; uniformly masking the selected pattern of conductors and the peripheral edge portions of said radiation absorbing surfaces of said solar cells, including depositing a masking pattern of material upon a selected surface of a transparent superstrate; and mounting said plurality of said solar cells upon the transparent superstrate by joining said radiation receiving surfaces to a surface of said transparent superstrate in a substantially regular array with the leads and conductors substantially masked by the masking pattern. 11. The method of assembling a solar panel as in claim 10, in which the forming step comprises forming a plurality of the interconnection leads near the peripheral edges of each of said plurality of solar cells. 12. The method of assembling a solar panel as in claim 10 or claim 11, in which the interconnecting step includes interconnecting a first plurality of said solar cells in series, interconnecting a second plurality of solar cells in series, and interconnecting the first and second pluralities of solar cells; and the masking step comprising masking the results of the aforesaid interconnecting sub-steps. 13. The method of assembling a solar panel as in claim 10 or claim 11, in which the masking step comprises depositing a paint-like material as the masking pattern of material on the transparent superstrate. 14. The method of assembling a solar panel as in claim 13, in which the masking step comprises depositing a matte-finish material as the paint-like material on the transparent superstrate. 15. The method of assembling a solar panel as in claim 10 or claim 11, in which the masking step comprises depositing a reflective material as the masking pattern of material upon the transparent superstrate. 16. The method of assembling a solar panel as in claim 15 in which the reflective material depositing step comprises depositing a metallic material upon the transparent superstrate. 17. The method of assembling a solar panel as in claim 10 or 11 in which each of the plurality of solar cells include a grid of collecting electrodes on the radiation receiving surfaces thereof; the interconnecting step includes the step of orienting said plurality of solar cells in separate rows with the respective grids of collecting electrodes parallel; the interconnecting step further includes depositing patterns of separate proximate interconnects beyond ends of the separate rows to maintain serial connection of the solar cells from one row to the next row; and the masking step includes masking the separate proximate interconnects with a common strip of masking material. 18. The method of assembling a solar panel as in claim 10 or 11 in which the masking step comprises depositing the masking material on the transparent superstrate in a substantially symmetrical pattern. 19. A solar panel of the type comprising: a plurality of solar cells, each of said solar cells having a back contact; a grid of collecting electrodes on a radiation receiving surface of the cell; a plurality of busses superimposed on said grid to facilitate interconnection of the cells; and means for interconnecting said cells by interconnecting said busses, wherein the improvement comprises: said plurality of busses including a redundant plurality of busses, a first plurality of said busses being parallel to said grid and a second plurality of busses being orthogonal to said grid so as to form a square lattice arrangement; said interconnecting means comprising means for employing either said first plurality of busses or second plurality of busses. 20. The solar panel of claim 19 in which the plurality of solar cells are arranged in a plurality of rows requiring interconnection, the grids of collecting electrodes of said cells being maintained substantially parallel from row to row; and said interconnecting means being arranged within the bounds of said rows. 21. The solar panel of claim 19 or claim 20 further including a superstrate over said plurality of solar cells, and means on said superstrate for masking the busses and interconnecting means. 22. The solar panel of claim 21 in which the masking means is arranged in a symmetrical pattern. 23. The solar panel of claim 19 in which the plurality of solar cells are arranged in a plurality of rows in a bilaterally symmetrical pattern about a central open area, the grids of collecting electrodes being maintained substantially parallel from row to row, and the interconnecting means being arranged within the bounds of said rows. 24. The solar panel of claim 23 further including a superstrate over said plurality of solar cells, and means on said superstrate for masking the busses and interconnecting means. 25. The solar panel of claim 24 in which the masking means is arranged in a symmetrical pattern. 26. The solar panel of claim 24 or claim 25 in which the central open area is a portion of a substantially transparent or translucent medium of the type which can be installed in a vehicle. 