An apparatus for determining heat flow at an interface between a water surface and the atmosphere comprising a floatable transparent panel member having a lower surface in contact with the water and an upper surface covered with a thin layer of water. A plurality of thermocouples are carried on both surfaces of the panel member for sensing the temperature of the water and the water layer in contact with the atmosphere. Electronic circuit means operatively associated with the thermocouple means records the temperature readings whereby the difference between the temperatures provides a measure of the heat flow at the interface.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for determining neat flow at an interface between a water surface and the atmosphere, comprising: a) a floatable transparent panel member having a lower surface in contact with the water and an upper surface adapted to receive a water layer in contact with the atmosphere; b) thermocouple means operatively associated with the lower surface and upper surface of the transparent panel member for sensing the temperature of the water and the water layer in contact with the atmosphere; and c) electronic circuit means including a power supply operatively associated with the thermocouple means for recording the temperature of the water in contact with the lower surface and the water layer on the upper surface whereby the difference between the temperature of the water and the temperature of the water layer provides a measure of the heat flow at the interface. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1 in which the heat flow is determined according to the equation: wherein k is the thermal conductivity of the panel member, dT is the difference between the temperature of the water in contact with the lower surface of the panel member and the temperature of the water layer on the upper surface of the panel member, dZ is the thickness of the panel member and Q is the heat flow per unit area. 3. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the floatable transparent panel member comprises plastic or glass. 4. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the thermocouple means comprises a plurality of temperature sensors associated with the lower surface and the upper surface of the panel member. 5. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the electronic circuit means relays a signal to a receiving station. 6. The apparatus according to claim 1 further including flotation means comprising at least one concentric ring of buoyant material. 7. The apparatus according to claim 6 wherein the buoyant material is styrofoam. 8. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the power supply is a battery. 9. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the power supply includes a solar cell. 10. The apparatus according to claim 1 further comprising cover means mounted over the panel member, the cover means and the panel member defining a substantially enclosed portion. 11. The apparatus according to claim 10 including support means for mounting the cover means over the panel member. 12. The apparatus according to claim 10 wherein the substantially enclosed portion is in gaseous communication with the atmosphere. 13. The apparatus according to claim 10 wherein the cover means includes an inner surface having a reflective layer. 14. A method of determining heat flow at an interface between a water surface and the atmosphere comprising the steps of: a) providing a floatable panel member having a lower surface in contact with the water and an upper surface wherein the lower and upper surfaces include thermocouple means; b) providing a water layer on the upper surface of the panel member; c) sensing the temperature of the water in contact with the lower surface of the panel member; d) sensing the temperature of the water layer on the upper surface of the panel member; and e) determining the heat flow at the interface between the water and the atmosphere based on the difference between the temperature of the water and the temperature of the water layer. 15. The method according to claim 14 in which the heat flow is determined according to the equation: wherein k is the thermal conductivity of the panel member, dT is the difference between the temperature of the water in contact with the lower surface of the panel member and the temperature of the water layer on the upper surface of the panel member, dZ is the thickness of the panel member and Q is the heat flow per unit area. 16. The method according to claim 14 wherein the heat flow is expressed in watts per unit area. 17. The method according to claim 14 further including the step of providing cover means over the water layer. 18. The method according to claim 17 wherein the cover means includes an inner surface having a reflective layer. 19. A floatable apparatus for determining heat flow at an interface between a water surface and the atmosphere comprising: (a) panel means having a lower surface in contact with the water and an upper surface adapted to receive a water layer in contact with the atmosphere; (b) thermocouple means operatively associated with the lower surface and upper surface of the panel means for sensing the temperature of the water and the water layer in contact with the atmosphere; and (c) electronic circuit means including a power supply operatively associated with the thermocouple means for recording the temperature of the water in contact with the lower surface and the water layer on the upper surface whereby the difference between the temperature of the water and the temperature of the water layer provides a measure of the heat flow at the interface. 20. The apparatus according to claim 19 in which the heat flow is determined according to the equation: wherein k is the thermal conductivity of the panel means, dT is the difference between the temperature of the water in contact with the lower surface of the panel means and the temperature of the water layer on the upper surface of the panel means, dZ is the thickness of the panel means and Z is the heat flow per unit area. 21. The apparatus according to claim 19 wherein the panel means comprises plastic or glass. 22. The apparatus according to claim 19 wherein the thermocouple means comprises a plurality of temperature sensors associated with the lower surface and the upper surface of the panel means. 23. The apparatus according to claim 19 wherein the electronic circuit means relays a signal to a receiving station. 24. The apparatus according to claim 19 further including flotation means comprising at least one concentric ring of buoyant material. 25. The apparatus according to claim 24 wherein the buoyant material is styrofoam. 26. The apparatus according to claim 19 wherein the power supply is a battery. 27. The apparatus according to claim 19 wherein the power supply includes a solar cell. 28. The apparatus according to claim 19 further comprising cover means mounted over the panel means, the cover means and the panel means defining a substantially enclosed portion. 29. The apparatus according to claim 28 including support means for mounting the cover means over the panel means. 30. The apparatus according to claim 28 wherein the substantially enclosed portion is in gaseous communication with the atmosphere. 31. The apparatus according to claim 28 wherein the cover means includes an inner surface having a reflective layer. 