Individual solar cells are electrically interconnected through an interconnect circuit supported on a flexible dielectric substrate. The solar cells are connected directly to the interconnect circuit by contact fingers that are an integral part of the interconnect circuit. The interconnection of the individual solar cells can be accomplished by manual or automated process.
Claims The embodiments of the invention in which an exclusive property or privilege is claimed are defined as follows: 1. An array of photovoltaic cells comprising: (a) a plurality of photovoltaic cells having a ratio of mass to surface area of less than 60 milligrams/square centimeter; (b) a dielectric tape having a carrier surface for supporting said photovoltaic cells; (c) interconnect means including an electrical circuit for electrically interconnecting said photovoltaic cells, said interconnect means supported by said dielectric tape on said carrier surface, said electrical circuit including a plurality of contact fingers; and (d) means defining a plurality of primary openings in said dielectric tape, a primary opening being associated with a contact finger and positioned such that said contact finger can be directed from below said carrier surface in the direction of said photovoltaic cells and electrically connected to a photovoltaic cell, a portion of both sides of said contact finger being substantially free of said dielectric tape. 2. The array of claim 1, wherein a blanket cell structure of said array has a mass per surface area of the array ranging between about 0.4 kilograms/square meter and about 25.0 kilograms/square meter. 3. The array of claim 1, wherein said photovoltaic cells comprise a thin film cell. 4. The array of claim 3, wherein said photovoltaic cells include a thin film heterojunction. 5. The array of claim 3, wherein said photovoltaic cells include a thin film double heterostructure. 6. The array of claim 3, wherein said thin film cell includes a semiconductor less than about 10 microns thick. 7. The array of claim 1, wherein said photovoltaic cells are tandem cells including an upper subcell and a lower subcell. 8. The array of claim 7, wherein said upper subcell comprises a III-V semiconductor. 9. The array of claim 8, wherein said upper subcell comprises a double heterostructure (AlGaAs)GaAs thin film semiconductor. 10. The array of claim 7, wherein said lower subcell comprises a I-III-VI.sub.2 semiconductor. 11. The array of claim 10, wherein said lower subcell includes a semiconductor selected from the group of thin film semiconductor heterojunctions consisting of CuInSe.sub.2 and CuInGaSe.sub.2. 12. The array of claim 7, wherein said lower subcell comprises a II-VI semiconductor. 13. The array of claim 1, further comprising: (e) an upper protective layer positioned in a plane above said carrier surface and said photovoltaic cells, said upper protective layer including openings for allowing incident light to impinge on said photovoltaic cells, said upper protective layer serving to isolate said interconnect means and said contact finger from adverse environmental conditions. 14. The array of claim 13, wherein said upper protective layer includes a protective film of an inorganic dielectric material. 15. The array of claim 14, wherein said upper protective layer includes a protective film of a metallic material capable of serving as an electrical ground plane. 16. The array of claim 1, further comprising: (e) a lower protective layer positioned in a plane below said dielectric tape and said photovoltaic cells, said lower protective layer serving to isolate said interconnect means and said contact fingers from adverse environmental conditions. 17. The array of claim 16, wherein said lower protective layer includes a protective film of an inorganic dielectric film. 18. The array of claim 17, wherein said lower protective layer includes a protective film of a metallic material that serves as an electrical ground plane. 19. An array of photovoltaic cells comprising: (a) a plurality of photovoltaic cells having a ratio of mass to surface area of less than about 60 milligrams/square centimeter; (b) a dielectric tape having a carrier surface for supporting said photovoltaic cells and an interconnect surface, said carrier surface and said interconnect surface being on opposite sides of said dielectric tape; (c) interconnect means including an electrical circuit for electrically interconnecting said photovoltaic cells, said interconnect means supported by said interconnect surface, said electrical circuit including a plurality of contact fingers; and (d) means defining a plurality of primary openings in said dielectric tape, a primary opening being associated with a contact finger and positioned such that said contact finger can be directed through said primary opening and electrically connected to a photovoltaic cell, a portion of both sides of said contact finger being substantially free of said dielectric tape. 20. The array of claim 19, wherein a blanket cell structure of said array has a mass per surface area of the array ranging between about 0.4 kilograms/square meter and about 25.0 kilograms/square meter. 21. The array of claim 19, wherein said photovoltaic cells comprise a thin film cell. 22. The array of claim 21, wherein said photovoltaic cells include a thin film heterojunction. 23. The array of claim 21, wherein said photovoltaic cells include a thin film double heterostructure. 24. The array of claim 21, wherein said thin film cell includes a semiconductor less than about 10 microns thick. 25. The array of claim 19, wherein said photovoltaic cells are tandem cells including an upper subcell and a lower subcell. 26. The array of claim 25, wherein said upper subcell comprises a III-V semiconductor. 27. The array of claim 25, wherein said lower subcell comprises a I-III-VI.sub.2 semiconductor. 28. The array of claim 25, wherein said lower subcell comprises a II-VI semiconductor. 29. The array of claim 25, wherein said upper subcell comprises a double heterostructure (AlGaAs)GaAs thin film semiconductor. 30. The array of claim 25, wherein said lower subcell includes a semiconductor selected from the group of thin film semiconductor heterojunctions consisting of CuInSe.sub.2 and CuInGaSe.sub.2. 31. The array of claim 19, further comprising: (e) an upper protective layer positioned in a plane above said carrier surface and said photovoltaic cells, said upper protective layer including openings for allowing incident light to impinge on said photovoltaic cells, said upper protective layer serving to isolate said contact finger from adverse environmental conditions. 32. The array of claim 31, wherein said upper protective layer includes a protective film of an inorganic dielectric material. 33. The array of claim 32, wherein said upper protective layer includes a protective film of a metallic material capable of serving an an electrical ground plane. 34. The array of claim 19, further comprising: (e) a lower protective layer positioned in a plane below said dielectric tape and said photovoltaic cells, said lower protective layer serving to isolate said interconnect means and said contact fingers from adverse environmental conditions. 35. The array of claim 34, wherein said lower protective layer includes a protective film of an inorganic dielectric film. 36. The array of claim 35, wherein said lower protective layer includes a protective film of a metallic material capable of serving as an electrical ground plane. 37. A method for producing a photovoltaic cell package providing processing protection for fragile, thin film photovoltaic cells and providing high specific power for the package, the method comprising the steps: (a) adhering a plurality of photovoltaic cells to a dielectric tape having a carrier surface for supporting said photovoltaic cells, said photovoltaic cells being high conversion efficiency, high specific power thin film photovoltaic cells that include: (i) a double heterostructure CLEFT thin film cell; and (ii) a thin film heterojunction cell; said dielectric tape including an interconnect means for electrically interconnecting said photovoltaic cells, said interconnect means supported by said dielectric tape on said carrier surface, said electrical circuit including a plurality of contact fingers and a means defining a plurality of primary openings in said dielectric tape, a primary opening being associated with a contact finger; (b) directing said contact finger from below said carrier surface in the direction of said photovoltaic cells; and (c) electrically connecting said contact finger to a photovoltaic cell. 38. The method of claim 37, further comprising the step of providing an upper protective layer in a plane above said dielectric tape and said photovoltaic cells to isolate said interconnect means and said contact fingers from adverse environmental conditions. 39. The method of claim 38, further comprising the step of providing a metallic protective film over said upper protective layer. 40. The method of claim 37, further comprising the step of providing a lower protective layer in a plane below said dielectric tape and said photovoltaic cells to isolate said interconnect means and said contact fingers from adverse environmental conditions. 41. The method of claim 40, further comprising the step of providing a metallic protective film over said lower protective layer. 42. A method for producing a photovoltaic cell package providing processing protection for fragile, thin film photovoltaic cells and providing high specific power for the package, the method comprising the steps: (a) adhering a plurality of photovoltaic cells to a dielectric tape having a carrier surface for supporting said photovoltaic cells and an interconnect surface, said interconnect surface and said carrier surface being on opposite sides of said dielectric tape, said photovoltaic cells being high conversion efficiency, high specific power thin film photovoltaic cells that include: (i) a double heterostructure CLEFT thin film cell; and (ii) a thin film heterojunction cell; said dielectric tape including an interconnect means for electrically interconnecting said photovoltaic cells, said interconnect means supported by said dielectric tape on said interconnect surface, said electrical circuit including a plurality of contact fingers and a means defining a plurality of primary openings in said dielectric tape, a primary opening being associated with a contact finger; (b) directing said contact finger through said associated primary opening; and (c) electrically connecting said contact finger to a photovoltaic cell. 43. The method of claim 42, further comprising the step of providing an upper protective layer in a plane above said dielectric tape and said photovoltaic cells to isolate said contact fingers from adverse environmental conditions. 44. The method of claim 43, further comprising the step of providing a metallic protective film over said upper protective layer. 45. The method of claim 42, further comprising the step of providing a lower protective layer in a plane below said dielectric tape and said photovoltaic cells to electrically isolate said interconnect means. 46. The method of claim 45, further comprising the step of providing a metallic protective film over said lower protective layer. 47. An array of photovoltaic cells comprising: (a) a plurality of photovoltaic cells; (b) a dielectric tape having a carrier surface for supporting said photovoltaic cells; (c) interconnect means including an electrical circuit for electrically interconnecting said photovoltaic cells, said interconnect means supported by said dielectric tape on said carrier surface, said electrical circuit including a plurality of contact fingers having a portion of both sides thereof substantially free of said dielectric tape; and (d) means defining a plurality of primary openings in said dielectric tape, a primary opening being associated with a contact finger and positioned such that said contact finger can be directed from below said carrier surface in the direction of said photovoltaic cells and electrically connected to a photovoltaic cell. 48. An array of photovoltaic cells comprising: (a) a plurality of photovoltaic cells; (b) a dielectric tape having a carrier surface for supporting said photovoltaic cells and an interconnect surface, said carrier surface and said interconnect surface being on opposite sides of said dielectric tape; (c) interconnect means including an electrical circuit for electrically interconnecting said photovoltaic cells, said interconnect means supported by said interconnect surface, said electrical circuit including a plurality of contact fingers having both surfaces thereof substantially free of said dielectric tape; and (d) means defining a plurality of primary openings in said dielectric tape, a primary opening being associated with a contact finger and positioned such that said contact finger can be directed through said primary opening and electrically connected to a photovoltaic cell. 49. A substrate for electrically interconnecting individual solar cells in a solar cell array comprising: (a) a dielectric tape having a carrier surface for supporting said solar cells; (b) interconnect means including an electrical circuit for electrically interconnecting said solar cells, said interconnect means supported by said dielectric tape on said carrier surface said electrical circuit including a plurality of contact fingers, a portion of both sides of said contact fingers being substantially free of said dielectric tape; and (c) means defining a plurality of primary openings in said dielectric tape, a primary opening being associated with a contact finger and positioned such that said contact finger can be directed from below said carrier surface in the direction of said solar cells and electrically connected to a solar cell. 50. The substrate of claim 49, wherein the dielectric tape comprises a polyimide. 51. The substrate of claim 49, further comprising an upper protective layer including apertures for said solar cells, said upper protective layer covering portions of said contact fingers that are directed through said primary openings in said dielectric tape. 52. The substrate of claim 51, wherein said upper protective layer is coated with a thin film selected from the group consisting of metallic films and inorganic dielectric films. 53. The substrate of claim 51, wherein the upper protective layer comprises a polyimide. 54. The substrate of claim 49, wherein said primary openings are positioned directly beneath said contact fingers. 55. The substrate of claim 49, further comprising secondary openings in said dielectric tape, said secondary openings being directly beneath said solar cells mounted on said dielectric tape. 56. The substrate of claim 49, wherein said dielectric tape includes sprocket holes adapted for moving said dielectric tape during automated production. 57. A substrate for electrically interconnecting individual solar cells in a solar cell array comprising: (a) a dielectric tape having a carrier surface for supporting said solar cells and an interconnect surface, said carrier surface and said interconnect surface being on opposite sides of said dielectric tape; (b) interconnect means including an electrical circuit for electrically interconnecting said solar cells, said interconnect means supported by said interconnect surface, said electrical circuit including a plurality of contact fingers, a portion of both sides of said contact fingers being substantially free of said dielectric tape; and (c) means defining a plurality of primary openings in said dielectric tape, a primary opening being associated with a contact finger and positioned such that said contact finger can be directed through said primary opening and electrically connected to a solar cell. 58. The substrate of claim 57, further comprising a lower protective layer, said lower protective layer covering said electrical circuit. 59. The substrate of claim 58, wherein said lower protective layer comprises a polyimide. 60. The substrate of claim 58, wherein said lower protective layer further comprises an electrical circuit. 61. The substrate of claim 57, further comprising an upper protective layer including apertures for said solar cells, said upper protective layer covering portions of said contact fingers that are directed through said primary openings in said dielectric tape. 62. The substrate of claim 60, wherein the upper protective layer comprises a polyimide. 63. The substrate of claim 60, wherein said upper protective layer is coated with a thin film selected from the group consisting of metallic films and inorganic dielectric films. 64. The substrate of claim 57, wherein said dielectric tape includes sprocket holes adapted for moving said dielectric tape during automated production. 65. The substrate of claim 57, wherein said interconnect means is located on said interconnect surface. 66. The substrate of claim 57, wherein further comprising secondary openings in said dielectric tape, said secondary openings being directly beneath said solar cells mounted on said dielectric tape. 67. The substrate of claim 57, wherein said primary openings are directly above said contact fingers. 68. In a method of interconnecting individual solar cells of a solar cell array, the improvement comprising: (a) mounting said solar cells having an upper surface on an elongate dielectric tape having a carrier surface, said solar cells being mounted on said carrier surface, said dielectric tape including a plurality of primary openings; (b) interconnecting said solar cells through an electrical circuit, said electrical circuit being supported by said carrier surface below said solar cells, said electrical circuit including a plurality of contact fingers, a portion of both sides of said contact fingers being substantially free of said dielectric tape, a primary opening being associated with a contact finger and positioned such that said contact finger can be directed from below said carrier surface in the direction of said solar cells; and (c) electrically connecting said contact finger to a solar cell. 69. The method of claim 68, wherein said primary openings allow said contact fingers to be directed upward from below said carrier surface and electrically connected to said upper surface of said solar cells. 70. In a method of interconnecting individual solar cells of a solar cell array, the improvement comprising: (a) mounting said solar cells on an elongate dielectric tape having a carrier surface and an interconnect surface, said carrier surface and said interconnect surface being on opposite sides of said dielectric tape, said solar cells being mounted on said carrier surface, said dielectric tape including a plurality of primary openings; (b) interconnecting said solar cells through an electrical circuit supported by said interconnect surface, said electrical circuit including a plurality of contact fingers, a portion of both sides of said contact fingers being substantially free of said dielectric tape, a primary opening being associated with a contact finger and positioned such that said contact finger can be directed through said primary opening; and (c) electrically connecting said contact finger to a solar cell. 71. The method of claim 70, wherein said solar cells include an upper and a lower surface, said lower surface being on the reverse side of said upper surface, said lower surface being adjacent said carrier surface when said solar cells are mounted on said carrier surface, said contact fingers being electrically connected to said upper surface. 72. A photovoltaic cell package providing processing protection for fragile, thin film photovoltaic cells and providing high specific power for the package, the invention comprising: (a) a plurality of high conversion efficiency, high specific power thin film photovoltaic cells, including: (i) a double heterostructure CLEFT thin film cell; and (ii) a thin film heterojunction cell; (b) a dielectric tape having a carrier surface for supporting said photovoltaic cells; (c) an interconnect means including an electrical circuit for electrically interconnecting said photovoltaic cells, said interconnect means supported by said dielectric tape on said carrier surface, said electrical circuit including a plurality of contact fingers; and (d) means defining a plurality of primary openings in said dielectric tape, a primary opening being associated with a contact finger and positioned such that said contact finger can be directed from below said carrier surface in the direction of said photovoltaic cells and electrically connected to a photovoltaic cell. 73. The photovoltaic cell package of claim 72, wherein the thin film photovoltaic cells have a ratio of mass to surface area of less than about 60 milligrams/square centimeter. 74. The photovoltaic cell package of claim 73, wherein the thin film photovoltaic cells include semiconductors less than 10 microns thick. 75. The photovoltaic cell package of claim 74, wherein the thin film photovoltaic cells are (AlGaAs)GaAs/CuInSe.sub.2 mechanically stacked tandem cells. 76. A photovoltaic cell package providing processing protection for fragile, thin film photovoltaic cells and providing high specific power for the package, the invention comprising: (a) a plurality of high conversion efficiency, high specific power thin film photovoltaic cells, including: (i) a double heterostructure CLEFT thin film cell; and (ii) a thin film heterojunction cell; (b) a dielectric tape having a carrier surface for supporting said photovoltaic cells and an interconnect surface, said carrier surface and said interconnect surface being on opposite sides of said dielectric tape; (c) interconnect means including an electrical circuit for electrically interconnecting said photovoltaic cells, said interconnect means supported by said interconnect surface, said electrical circuit including a plurality of contact fingers; and (d) means defining a plurality of primary openings in said dielectric tape, a primary opening being associated with a contact finger and positioned such that said contact finger can be directed through said primary opening and electrically connected to a photovoltaic cell. 77. The photovoltaic cell package of claim 76, wherein the thin film photovoltaic cells have a ratio of mass to surface area of less than about 60 milligrams/square centimeter. 78. The photovoltaic cell package of claim 77, wherein the thin film photovoltaic cells include semiconductors less than 10 microns thick. 79. The photovoltaic cell package of claim 78, wherein the thin film photovoltaic cells are (AlGaAs)GaAs/CuInSe.sub.2 mechanically stacked tandem cells. 