A remote solar powered radio frequency transmitter assembly and radio receiving and signalling system to indicate delivery of mail. The transmitter means is powered by a rechargeable battery system which is normally recharged by solar cells located on the transmitter means housing. The transmitter means comprises an FM radio transmitter operating in the 49 Mhz band, with a signal strength sufficient for providing an alarm signal to receive at least 4,200 feet distant over unbroken terrain. Upon opening of the mailbox door approximately 30 degrees (30.degree.), a switch initiates a six (6) second operation of the transmitter means. A receiver is provided to detect the radiated signal, and to energize visual and audible signals in response thereto. Ten position DIP switches are provided at both transmitter means and receiver to vary the frequency of operation so as to minimize or eliminate interfering signals. The transmitter means is secured to the mailbox by a single attachment post. A jack plug and flexible cord are provided to connect the transmitter means and the switch. The switch is provided with a flat backing plate having a double sided adhesive for ease of installation. The audible alarm at the receiver comprises a digitally generated musical tune. The musical tune automatically stops after about 20 seconds, unless the receiver is reset sooner. Reset of the receiver turns off both the musical tune audible alarm and the flashing light visual alarm.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An automatic system for signalling arrival of mail, said signal system for use with a mailbox of a type comprised of an elongated container having a bottom, sidewalls, a rear end, and an open end, said open end having attached thereto a door, said door being outwardly pivotable, manually movable, and normally closed, said signal system comprising in combination: (a) a transmitter assembly for placement at said mailbox, comprising: (i) radio-frequency transmitter means, said transmitter means including high efficiency thin film solar cells, said solar cells adapted to collect sunlight falling thereon and to generate a direct-current output therefrom, said transmitter means also including direct-current storage means adapted to receive said direct current output from said solar cells and to store electrical energy in response thereto; and (ii) a transmitter housing adapted to enclose said transmitter means; and (iii) switch means internally mounted on said floor, said switch means electrically connected to said transmitter means, said switch means responsive to angular displacement of said door by an angle Alpha (.alpha.), said response of said switch means operating to trigger emission of a radio frequency signal by said transmitter means; and (b) a receiving and signalling assembly for placement at a remote location, said assembly comprising: (i) a receiving antenna, said receiving antenna adapted to detect said radio frequency signal radiated by said transmitter means, and (ii) a radio-frequency receiver, said receiver tuned to receive said signal radiated by said transmitter means and detected by said receiving antenna means, said receiver further including an alarm means, said alarm means responsive to signals received by said receiver to provide a signal indicating the arrival of mail. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said switch means is operatively connected to said transmitter means by a flexible multi-conductor cord, said flexible multi-conductor cord having a switch end and a transmitter end, wherein said multi-conductor cord is protected by a cord housing. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said transmitter means is energized to transmit a radio frequency signal for four to eight seconds upon electrical closure of said switch. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said receiver is provided with a power supply transformer having a power supply lead and a second power supply lead, said first mentioned power supply lead supplying electrical power for said receiver, and said second lead providing direct current electrical power to charge said battery means. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said flexible receiving antenna has a distal end, said distal end being provided with an adhesive patch, said adhesive patch configured to allow manual attachment of said patch to a desirable operational location to secure said distal antenna end to improve radio frequency signal reception. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said transmitter housing includes a single manually secureable attachment post, whereby said transmitter housing may be securely affixed to said mailbox. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein said attachment post further includes a jack receptacle, said jack receptacle configured to receive a jack plug, said jack plug operatively connected to a flexible multi-conductor cord, wherein said transmitter means may be quickly attached to said multi-conductor cord so as to provide an operable connection to said switch. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said switch means is a mercury switch. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein said switch means is situated on said door at an operative position which allows said switch to make an electrical connection to energize said transmitter means when said door is opened by a displacement angle Alpha (.alpha.) of less than 45.degree.. 10. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein said switch means is situated on said door at an operative position which allows said switch to make an electrical connection to energize said transmitter means when said door is opened by a displacement angle Alpha (.alpha.) between 20.degree. and 40.degree.. 11. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein said switch means is situated on said door at an operative position which allows said switch to make an electrical connection to energize said transmitter means when said door is opened by a displacement angle Alpha (.alpha.) of 30.degree.. 12. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said switch means is located in a water resistant housing, said housing having a flat mounting plate. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein said flat mounting plate includes an adhesive panel, whereby said switch may be quickly and securely affixed to said door. 14. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said signal radiated by said transmitter means may be received by said receiver at a line of sight distance of up to 4,200 feet. 15. The combination of a mail receiving container and a system for signalling the arrival of mail to said container, said system including: (a) a mailbox of a type comprised of an elongated container having a bottom, sidewalls, a rear end, and an open end, said open end having attached thereto a door, said door being outwardly pivotable, manually movable, and normally closed; and (b) a transmitter assembly for placement at the rear of said mailbox, comprising: (i) radio-frequency transmitter means, said transmitter means including high efficiency thin film solar cells, said solar cells adapted to collect sunlight falling thereon and to generate a direct-current output therefrom, said transmitter means also including direct-current storage means adapted to receive said direct current output from said solar cells and to store electrical energy in response thereto; and (ii) a transmitter housing adapted to enclose said transmitter means; and (iii) a switch means, said switch means electrically connected to said transmitter means, said switch means responsive to angular displacement of said door by an angle Alpha (.alpha.), said response of said switch means operating to trigger emission of a radio signal by said transmitter means; and (c) a receiving and signalling assembly for placement at a remote location, said assembly comprising: (i) a receiving antenna means, said receiving antenna means adapted to detect said radio frequency signal radiated by said transmitter means; and (ii) a radio-frequency receiver, said receiver tuned to receive said signal radiated by said transmitter means and detected by said receiving antenna means, said alarm means responsive to signals received by said receiver to provide a signal indicating the opening of said door, thereby indicating the arrival of mail. 16. An automatic system for signalling arrival of mail, said signal system for use with a mailbox of a type comprised of an elongated container having a bottom, sidewalls, a rear end, and an open end, said open end having attached thereto a door, said door being outwardly pivotable, manually movable, and normally closed, said signal system comprising: (a) a transmitter assembly for placement at said mailbox, comprising: (i) radio-frequency transmitter means, said transmitter means including high efficiency thin film solar cells, said solar cells adapted to collect sunlight falling thereon and to generate a direct-current output therefrom, said transmitter means also including direct-current storage means adapted to receive said direct current output from said solar cells and to store electrical energy in response thereto; and (ii) a transmitter housing adapted to enclose said transmitter means; and (iii) a switch means internally mounted on said door, said switch means electrically connected to said transmitter means, said switch means responsive to angular displacement of said door by an angle Alpha (.alpha.), said response of said switch means operating to trigger emission of a radio frequency signal by said transmitter means; and (b) a receiving and signalling assembly for placement at a remote location, said assembly comprising: (i) a receiving antenna means, said receiving antenna means adapted to detect said radio frequency signal radiated by said transmitter means; and (ii) a radio-frequency receiver, said receiver tuned to receive said signal radiated by said transmitter means and detected by said receiving antenna means, said receiver further including an alarm means, said alarm means responsive to signals received by said receiver to provide a signal indicating the opening of said door, thereby indicating the arrival of mail. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein said transmitter means is energized to transmit a radio frequency signal for four to eight seconds upon electrical closure of said switch. 18. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein said receiver is provided with a power supply transformer having a power supply lead and a second power supply lead, said first mentioned power supply lead supplying electrical power for said receiver, and said second lead providing direct current electrical power to charge said battery means. 19. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein said switch means is located in a water resistant housing, said housing having a flat mounting plate. 