A solar concentrator device is disclosed. The device includes a solar concentrating panel having a longitudinal axis and defining a parabolic surface having a focal line substantially parallel to its longitudinal axis. The parabolic surface terminates in opposed longitudinal side edges. A mechanism is provided for rotating the panel about its longitudinal axis. Finally, an arrangement provides torsional support for the panel and includes a frame structure aligned obliquely to the longitudinal axis and extending between the opposed longitudinal side edges of the parabolic surface.
Claims We claim: 1. Solar concentrator device, comprising: a solar concentrating panel having a longitudinal axis and defining a parabolic surface having a focal line substantially parallel to said longitudinal axis, said surface terminating in opposed longitudinal side edges; means for rotating said panel about said axis; and frame means for providing rigid torsional support for said panel including at least one pair of crossed, rigid structural support braces, each said brace extending obliquely relative to said longitudinal axis between opposed longitudinal side edges of said parabolic surface. 2. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the braces of each said pair of braces are secured to each other at the point where they cross. 3. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said frame means further comprises a central support bracket aligned substantially perpendicular to said longitudinal axis and positioned to interconnect said opposed longitudinal edges intermediate the axial length of said panel, and a mounting bracket disposed at each longitudinal end portion of said panel aligned substantially perpendicular to the longitudinal axis of said panel with one pair of said support braces being disposed between said central bracket and each of said end mounting brackets. 4. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said parabolic surface comprises a highly reflective material capable of reflecting and concentrating solar energy. 5. The device as claimed in claim 4, wherein said highly reflective material is selected from the group consisting of polished metal, silvered glass, and metalized plastic film. 6. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said device further comprises means for collecting concentrated solar energy disposed along said focal line of said parabolic surface. 7. In a solar energy concentrating apparatus having a plurality of elongated, interconnected solar concentrating panels aligned along a common longitudinal axis, each said panel being in the form of a parabolic trough having two end portions, opposed longitudinal edges extending between said end portions, a focal line substantially parallel to said longitudinal axis, and means for rotating said aligned, interconnected panels about a common axis of rotation, the improvement comprising means for providing rigid, torsional stiffness and support for each said panel including fixed, rigid frame means aligned obliquely to said longitudinal axis and extending between said opposed longitudinal edges of each said parabolic trough, said frame means comprising end mounting brackets aligned substantially perpendicular to said longitudinal axis and disposed at end portions of each said panel between said opposed longitudinal edges, and at least one pair of rigid, structural support braces each extending obliquely relative to said longitudinal axis between opposed longitudinal edges of said panel, said improvement further comprising single interconnecting means for interconnecting the adjacent end mounting brackets of adjacent panels proximate a single pair of adjacent longitudinal panel side edges, said rotating means driving said interconnected panels through said single interconnecting means. 8. The improvement of claim 7, wherein at least one end of each said support brace is fastened to a mounting bracket proximate one said longitudinal edge. 9. The improvement of claim 7, wherein the braces of said pair of support braces are aligned transversely to each other and fastened at each end to one said end mounting bracket proximate said longitudinal trough edge. 10. The improvement of claim 7, wherein said frame means further comprises a central support bracket mounted between said opposed longitudinal edges substantially perpendicular to said longitudinal axis and substantially intermediate the length of said panel, each said support brace extending between one end of said central bracket and the opposite end of one end mounting bracket. 11. The improvement of claim 10, wherein said frame means comprises one said pair of braces, with one brace of said pair of braces extending from said central bracket proximate one longitudinal edge of said panel to one said end bracket proximate the opposite longitudinal panel edge, and the other said brace extending from said central bracket proximate one longitudinal edge to the opposite end bracket proximate the opposite longitudinal panel edge. 12. The improvement of claim 11, wherein said braces of said pair of braces are secured to the same end of said central bracket. 13. The improvement of claim 11, wherein the braces of said pair of braces are secured to opposite ends of said central bracket. 14. The improvement of claim 10, wherein said frame means comprises two said pair of braces, with the braces of each said pair of braces being aligned transversely to each other and interconnected with the ends of said central bracket to opposite ends of one end mounting bracket, one pair of said braces interconnecting said central bracket with one said end bracket and the other said pair of braces interconnecting said central bracket with the opposite end mounting bracket. 15. The improvement of claim 7, wherein said interconnecting means comprises a pair of spaced connecting bar members fastened to each of said adjacent end mounting brackets along one longitudinal panel edge, the opposite longitudinal panel edge being free of interconnection between said oppositely disposed mounting brackets of adjacent panels. 16. The improvement of claim 15, wherein each end mounting bracket comprises a channel member having spaced, parallel leg portions, with each said leg portion being secured to one said connecting bar member. 17. The improvement of claim 7, wherein said panel rotating means further comprises support means disposed at each end of each said panel to align said panels and permit said panels to rotate together when any one of said panels is rotated about said common axis of rotation. 18. The improvement of claim 7, wherein said apparatus further includes energy collection means disposed along said focal line. 19. Apparatus for providing torsional stiffness and support to an array of longitudinally aligned, simultaneously rotatable solar concentrating panels each defining a parabolic reflecting surface having longitudinally spaced end portions and substantially parallel, opposed side edges aligned parallel to the longitudinal axis of said panel, said apparatus comprising: a structural grid for each said panel including at least one pair of rigid support braces aligned diagonally relative to the longitudinal axis of said panel and joining the opposed side edges of said parabolic surface of said panel, and end brackets aligned substantially perpendicular to said longitudinal axis and interconnecting said opposed side edges at each end portion of said panel; means for connecting the opposed end brackets of adjacent panels proximate one common longitudinal side edge of said panels leaving the opposite longitudinal side edges of said panels free from connection to adjacent panels; and rotating means for simultaneously driving said array of interconnected panels through said connecting means. 20. The apparatus as claimed in claim 19, wherein said grid further comprises a central support bracket joining the opposed longitudinal side edges of each said panel intermediate the end portions of said panel and being aligned substantially perpendicular to said longitudinal axis. 21. The apparatus as claimed in claim 20, wherein said support members comprise one pair of support braces with one said support brace being disposed on either side of said central bracket. 22. The apparatus as claimed in claim 20, wherein said support members comprise two pair of support braces with said pairs of braces being disposed one on either side of said central bracket. 23. The apparatus as claimed in claim 22, wherein the support braces of each said pair braces are crossed and interconnect the central bracket with one said end bracket. 24. The apparatus as claimed in claim 19, wherein said connecting means comprise a pair of spaced connecting arm members sandwiching the end brackets of adjacent panels spanning the distance between said adjacent panels, said connecting arm members being separated by a distance substantially greater than the thickness thereof. 