A solar heating device which indicates the proper window covering status for maximum energy conservation. A support structure (18) rests on window sill (16) and suspends two thermistors (22 and 24). One thermistor (22) is supported on the room side of drapery (12) and the other thermistor (24) is supported between drapery (12) and a window (14). When the net heat flow is inward from outside the room, thermistor (24) near window (14) will be warmer than room side thermistor (22). When this occurs, the temperature dependent resistances of thermistors (22 and 24), voltage divider resistances (30 and 32), and a comparator (36) turn on a light emitting diode (28). This indicates that drapery (12) should be opened to let solar radiation in to heat the room. Otherwise, drapery (12) should be closed to conserve the existing heat in the room.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for detecting heat flow through a window and window covering so as to conserve energy, said apparatus comprising: a support structure constructed and arranged for mounting proximate said window; a plurality of temperature sensing means mounted on said support structure, a first one of said temperature sensing means being supported proximate said window and a second one of said temperature sensing means being supported within said room and a sufficient distance from said window so as to allow said window covering to be closed on said window; means for comparing the temperature of said first and second temperature sensing means; means for indicating when said first temperature sensing means is warmer than said second temperature sensing means, thereby indicated that said window covering should be opened; and a power supply for operating said apparatus. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said means for indicating when said first temperature sensing means is warmer than said second temperature sensing means comprises a light emitting diode. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said means for comparing the temperature of said first temperature sensing means and said second temperature sensing means comprises a plurality of voltage dividers, a comparator and a plurality of resistors constructed and arranged for indicating when solar radiation passing through said window will allow heat to flow into the room. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein said first resistor and first temperature sensing means are connected to a non-inverting input from said comparator, said second resistor and said second temperature sensing means are connected to an inverting input from said comparator and said indicating means is connected to the output of said comparator whereby when the temperature of said first temperature sensing means is greater than the temperature of said second temperature sensing means the output of said comparator will go to a low potential turning said light emitting diode on, thereby indicating that said window covering should be open. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said support structure comprises: a tubular member extending substantially vertically along the surface of said window; a base member supporting said first tubular member on the window sill of said window; a third tubular member extending substantially horizontally away from said window into said room; and a window support hook connected to the surface of said window so as to maintain said apparatus in a substantially vertical position. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: means for automatically opening said window covering when said first temperature sensing means is warmer than second temperature sensing means and means for automatically closing said window covering when said second temperature sensing means is warmer than said first temperature sensing means. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein said means for opening and closing said window covering comprises an electric machinery means electrically connected to said means for comparing temperature and mechanically connected to said window covering so as to open or close said window covering, as required. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 and further comprising: a time delay mechanism for opening or closing said window covering after a selected period of time. 9. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said power supply comprises an electrical wire, a plug member interconnected thereto and a transformer for transforming electrical current from said electrical wire to a desired voltage and/or amperage level. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said power supply means comprises one or more batteries. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said temperature sensing means comprises a thermistor. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said temperature sensing means comprises a diode. 13. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said temperature sensing means comprises a bimetallic strip. 14. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said window covering comprises one or more drapes. 15. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said window covering comprises one or more blinds. 