An apparatus including a trolling motor housing, including a solar cell organization permitting selective use of solar cells or a battery to motivate the trolling motor drive. Modification of the invention includes manipulation apparatus for spacing and permitting rotation of the solar cells relative to the trolling motor housing in use.
Claims What is claimed as being new and desired to be protected by Letters Patent of the United States is as follows; 1. A solar powered trolling motor comprising, in combination, a housing, the housing including a top wall, with the top wall mounting a solar panel means thereon for converting solar energy into electrical current, and the housing further including a drive shaft column fixedly mounted to a bottom wall of the housing, the drive shaft column orthogonally mounted to a drive motor housing at a lower terminal end thereof, the drive motor housing including an electric drive motor contained therewithin, with the electric drive motor mounting rotatably an output shaft and propeller exteriorly of the housing. 2. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1 further including solar batteries contained within the housing in operative association with the solar panel means for storing electrical current and directing the electrical current to the electric drive motor. 3. An apparatus as set forth in claim 2 wherein the housing includes an internally threaded bore directed through the top wall of the housing, and the solar panel means further including a support tube, the support tube including an externally threaded collar cooperative with the internally threaded bore, and the externally threaded collar including a thumb wheel member extending radially beyond the support tube, and the support tube including a connector plug mounted at a lower terminal end thereof for electrical communication with the solar batteries when the support tube is directed within the bore, and the support tube including an upper terminal end, the upper terminal end including a pivot junction, and the solar panel means further including a solar panel, the solar panel fixedly mounted to the pivot junction to permit pivoting of a solar panel relative to the support tube. 4. An apparatus as set forth in claim 3 wherein the support tube includes a pulley member rotatably mounted on the support tube adjacent to and spaced above the thumb wheel, and an elastomeric tension cord directed about the pulley member and including a forward terminal end fixedly mounted to a solar panel forward terminal end, and the elastomeric tension cord further including a rear terminal end, with the rear terminal end fixedly mounted adjacent to a solar panel rear terminal end to frictionally retain the solar panel in an angular orientation relative to the support tube, and the pivot junction mounted medially between the solar panel forward terminal end and the solar panel rear terminal end. 