Unmanned compliance monitoring device, data communication network and transaction processing apparatus for monitoring earth tremors, collecting and reporting seismic data profiles and calculating an earthquake epicenter incorporating a solar energy module, portable telephone and satellite.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An unmanned compliance monitoring device which is a stationary structure for gathering epicenter information in the encasement comprising: a. a reinforced cylindrical encasement with anchors piledriven into the ground, b. a portable phone with means for communicating tremors, seismic disturbances, epicenter information and nonoperating conditions of the operating system, ground sensor, storage device and photovoltaic solar module to a satellite, c. a master internal clock and duplicate standby clock with means for measuring the time of earth tremor events, d. a master central processor and standby central processor with means for calculating the distance of the epicenter and monitoring the condition of ground sensors, storage devices, photovoltaic solar energy modules and timing outages, e. underground sensors with means for motion detection and reporting seismic activity to the central processor of the unmanned compliance monitoring device for accumulating observed statistics and reporting them to a satellite, f. above ground sensors with means for detecting motion above ground and reporting seismic activity to the central processor of the unmanned compliance monitoring device for accumulating observed statistics and reporting them to a satellite through the portable phone automatic dialup of a satellite, g. a photovoltaic solar energy panel with means to convert solar energy to electricity for the unmanned compliance monitoring device and an alternate power line in the encasement. 2. A system with means for processing a plurality of files for measuring earthquake tremors and problem management of the device; wherein, the said system includes: (a) data files for sequentially storing various classifications of information on the data storage disks including the epicenter location derived by measuring the distance from at least 3 separated unmanned monitoring compliance devices and the magnitude of seismic disturbances expressed in the logarithmic scale, (b) data processing means for constructing profiles of the calculation of the earthquake epicenter and measurement of the seismic disturbance and monitoring and tracking breakdowns of the ground devices, storage devices and photovoltaic solar energy modules, (c) system architecture includes means for data entry from motion sensing devices, means for data collection of seismic information and processing through the central processor to the portable phone to the satellite, means for placing segmental data messages into temporary storage until collection of each message segment which combinds to yield a completed message consisting of the epicenter data determined when 3 independent measurement devices forward seismic data for a single epicenter calculation onto the data storage disks. 3. A system as set forth in claim 2 further comprising a motion sensor for detecting seismic activity and reporting the seismic activity through the portable phone to the satellite for making the calculation of the epicenter; a system for logically calculating the distance of the epicenter from the unmanned compliance monitoring device, a system for detecting the status of ground sensors, storage devices, the photovoltaic solar energy module and transmitting data to the satellite by a portable phone; a system for detecting primary and secondary waves through the underground sensors, accumulating the data through the data collection computer and reporting the data to the satellite through the portable phone by combining three independent seismic measurements and translating the result into a logarithymic measurement of the earth tremor by Richter scale. 4. A system as set forth in claim 2 further comprising underground sensors, a central processor, a portable phone, a data storage drum and a satellite with means for the underground sensors to receive seismic data and the central processor to process the seismic data consisting of each individual message segment sent to a satellite by the portable phone with the satellite combining three message segments from three independent observations to yield a single epicenter piece of data with means for the satellite to query the central processor of the encased unmanned compliance monitoring device, ground sensor, storage device and photovoltaic solar module to determine breakdown occurrences for aggregation onto the data storage drum. 