A method for applying a dielectric material to a solar array having an edge, a light gathering side and a backside, which includes the steps of sealing the array along the array edge, providing a gas pressure differential between the light gathering side and the backside which pressure is greater on the light gathering side than on the backside and applying the dielectric material to the backside of the array wherein the gas pressure differential is sufficient to substantially prevent the dielectric material from leaking from the backside to the light gathering side.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for applying a dielectric material to a solar array having an edge, a light gathering side and a backside, said method comprising the steps of: (a) providing a solar array having an edge, a light gathering side and a backside; (b) sealing said array in the region of said edge; (c) providing a gas pressure differential between said light gathering side and said backside which pressure is greater on said light gathering side than on said backside; and (d) applying said dielectric material to said backside of said array; (e) said gas pressure differential being sufficient to substantially prevent said dielectric material from leaking from said backside to said light gathering side. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein said gas pressure differential is in the range between 1.0 psi and 5.0 psi. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein said gas is air. 4. The method of clam 1 wherein said gas is nitrogen. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein said dielectric material is an organic insulator. 6. The method of claim 5 wherein said organic insulator is a polyimide. 7. A method for applying a dielectric material to a solar array having an edge, a light gathering side and a backside comprising the steps of: (a) providing said solar array having an edge, a light gathering side and a backside; (b) mounting said array to seal said array in the vicinity of said edge; (c) providing a gas pressure differential between said light gathering side and said backside which pressure is greater on said light gathering side than on said backside; and (d) spraying said dielectric material to said backside of said array; (e) said gas pressure differential being sufficient to substantially prevent said dielectric material from leaking from said backside to said light gathering side. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein said gas pressure differential is in the range between 1.0 psi and 5.0 psi. 9. The method of claim 7 wherein said gas is air. 10. The method of claim 7 wherein said gas is nitrogen. 11. The method of claim 7 wherein said dielectric material is an organic insulator. 12. The method of claim 11 wherein said organic insulator is a polyimide. 13. The method of claim 1 wherein said step of sealing is along said edge. 14. The method of claim 1 wherein said step of providing a gas pressure differential comprises applying a gas pressure to said light gathering side. 15. The method of claim 7 wherein said step of sealing is along said edge. 16. The method of claim 7 wherein said step of providing a gas pressure differential comprises applying a gas pressure to said light gathering side. 