A wall or window element and/or wall element beneath the window is provided having an insulation layer disposed between two panels. The insulation layer is formed of a material which reduces convective heat transfer and thermal radiation. The insulation layer and the panels are permeable by the solar radiation spectrum, and the external panel which bounds the insulation layer on the side of the solar radiation is an absorptive pane which has a maximally high absorptivity for the non-visible portion of the solar radiation spectrum.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A wall or window element comprising: (a) a thermal insulation layer consisting of a three dimensional thin wall structure having a low capacity for transmission of convective heat and thermal radiation and being highly transmissive to the solar radiation spectrum; (b) a first pane colored to its core bounding said insulation layer on a first side thereof and said first pane being an absorptive pane consisting of a material that is highly absorptive of the non-visible portions, infrared and ultraviolet range, of the solar radiation spectrum while being substantially transmissive to the visible portion of the solar radiation spectrum having substantially no reflection properties with respect to solar radiation beyond those which are inherent in untreated material; (c) said absorptive pane having on its internal side facing said insulating layer, a layer which impedes emission of heat radiation; (d) a space being provided between said internal side of said absorptive pane facing the insulation layer and the insulation layer; (e) a second pane bounding said insulation layer on a second side thereof opposite said first side and formed of a material which is transmissive to the entire solar radiation spectrum; and (f) means for pivotally mounting said entire element in a frame so as to be rotatable through 180.degree.. 2. The wall or window element according to claim 1, wherein said insulation layer is comprised of a translucent plastic foam structure. 3. The wall or window element according to claim 1, wherein said insulation layer is comprised of translucent plates having a capillary structure. 4. The wall or window element according to claim 1, wherein said insulation layer is comprised of translucent plastic panels having a hollow chamber structure. 5. The wall or window element according to claim 1, wherein said insulation layer is comprised of silica aerogel material. 6. The wall or window element according to claim 1, wherein said insulation layer is comprised of translucent fibrous panels of organic or inorganic material. 7. The wall or window element according to claim 1, wherein said insulation layer is comprised of at least one transparent or translucent plane parallel foil or sheet of organic or inorganic material. 8. A wall or window element according to claim 1, wherein said absorptive pane is a colored glass sheet. 9. A wall or window element according to claim 1, wherein said absorptive pane comprises a laminated glass of a colored glass sheet bonded to a clear glass sheet by means of an adhesive film. 10. A wall or window element according to claim 1, wherein said absorptive pane comprises a glass sheet covered on its internal side facing said insulation layer with a layer of opaque material having openings or the like distributed over its surface. 11. The wall or window element according to claim 1, wherein said absorptive pane has an increased surface area on its external side, provided by means of relief-like projections on the surface thereof. 12. The wall or window element according to claim 11, wherein said relief-like projections of the absorptive pane comprise uniformly distributed hemispheres. 13. The wall or window element according to claim 11, wherein said relief-like projections of the absorptive pane comprise horizontally disposed prominences, each having a semicylindrical cross section. 14. A wall or window element comprising: (a) a thermal insulation layer consisting of a three dimensional thin wall structure having a low capacity for transmission of convective heat and thermal radiation and being highly transmissive to the solar radiation spectrum; (b) a first pane colored to its core bounding said insulation layer on a first side thereof and said first pane being an absorptive pane consisting of a material that is highly absorptive of the non-visible portions, infrared and ultraviolet range, of the solar radiation spectrum while being substantially transmissive to the visible portion of the solar radiation spectrum having substantially no reflection properties with respect to solar radiation beyond those which are inherent in untreated material; (c) said absorptive pane has, on its internal side facing said insulating layer, a layer which impedes emission of heat radiation; (d) a space being provided between the internal side of the absorptive pane facing said insulation layer and the insulation layer; (e) a second pane bounding said insulation layer on a second side thereof opposite said first side and formed of a material which is transmissive to the entire solar radiation spectrum; and (f) means for pivotally mounting said element in a frame so as to be rotatable through 180.degree. and wherein said absorptive pane comprises a laminated glass of a colored glass sheet bonded to a clear glass sheet by means of an adhesive film. 15. A wall or window element comprising: (a) a thermal insulation layer consisting of a three dimensional thin wall structure having a low capacity for transmission of convective heat and thermal radiation and being highly transmissive to the solar radiation spectrum; (b) a first pane colored to its core bounding said insulation layer on a first side thereof and said first pane being an absorptive pane consisting of a material that is highly absorptive of the non-visible portions, infrared and ultraviolet range, of the solar radiation spectrum while being substantially transmissive to the visible portion of the solar radiation spectrum having substantially no reflection properties with respect to solar radiation beyond those which are inherent in untreated material; (c) said absorptive pane has, on its internal said facing the insulating layer, a layer which impedes emission of heat radiation; (d) a space being provided between said internal side of said absorptive pane facing the insulation layer and said insulation layer; (e) a second pane bounding said insulation layer on a second side thereof opposite said first side and formed of a material which is transmissive to the entire solar radiation spectrum; and (f) means for pivotally mounting said element in a frame so as to be rotatable through 180.degree., said absorptive pane comprising a glass sheet covered on its internal side facing said insulation layer with a layer of opaque material having openings or the like distributed over its surface. 