Solar cells, particularly GaAs/GaSb tandem solar cells, are mounted on a honeycomb light weight panel in optical alignment with solar energy concentrators mounted on a front panel side. The cells are mounted on metallized surfaces of the heat spreader that is attached to a panel wall rear panel side. A circuit carrier has conductors which are bonded to metallization islands that are on one side only of the heat spreader. The circuit carrier is adhered to the rear panel side.
Claims We claim: 1. A panel for supporting a large group of energy collector lenses together with a corresponding number of solar cell units, comprising: a unitary housing made from a unitary block of material having a continuous bottom wall and a plurality of recessed compartments that are defined by upstanding walls that are an integral part of said housing to provide a rigid structure having a low weight to area ratio; a plurality of lenses mounted on the housing, one lens for each compartment; said upstanding walls being sufficiently rigid to support the lenses at a fixed distance from the bottom wall; said bottom wall having a central opening in each compartment aligned with a focal point of the corresponding lens to provide an index position for locating a solar cell unit at the focal point in each compartment. 2. The panel of claim 1 wherein said lenses are supported at the upper ends of said upstanding walls, and further comprising solar cell units mounted at the focal point in a respective compartment and the solar cells are electrically connected together by circuitry that is substantially shielded from focused solar energy. 3. The panel of claim 2 wherein the solar cell units are mounted on a side of said bottom wall that is remote from said upstanding walls and the solar cell units are electrically connected together by circuitry located on the bottom wall remote side to be shielded from focused solar energy. 4. A panel for supporting a large group of energy collector lenses together with a corresponding number of solar cell units, comprising: a unitary housing having a continuous bottom wall and a plurality of recessed compartments that are defined by upstanding walls that are an integral part of said housing to provide a rigid structure having a low weight to area ratio; a plurality of lenses mounted on the housing, one lens for each compartment; said upstanding walls being sufficiently rigid to support the lenses at a fixed distance from the bottom wall; said bottom wall having a central opening in each compartment aligned with a focal point of the corresponding lens to provide an index position for locating a solar cell unit at the focal point in each compartment; a solar cell unit for each compartment mounted on a side of said bottom wall that is remote from said upstanding walls and including upper and lower cells of different semiconductive materials with the lower cell being mounted to receive radiation that has passed through the upper cell; and said solar cell units being electrically connected together by circuitry located on the bottom wall remote side to be shielded from focused solar energy, said circuitry comprising longitudinally extending strips of conductive material sandwiched between layers of an insulative material that is bonded to the bottom wall remote side and the conductive strips being arranged to provide voltage matching and power collection from the upper and lower cells mounted to said panel. 5. The panel of claim 4 wherein: the upper and lower cells are bonded to opposite sides of a heat spreader body of thermally conductive electrically non-conductive conductive material having metallized islands thereon with current carrying surfaces of said cells connected to said metallized islands; and said heat spreader body is mounted in a thermally conducting relation with the bottom wall remote side of said housing and the conductive strips in said circuitry are bonded to said metallized islands. 6. The panel of claim 5 where the conductive strips in the circuitry are bonded to the metallized islands on only one side of said heat spreader body. 7. The panel of claim 5 wherein: the metallized islands are on parallel faces that are on opposite sides of said heat spreader body; one of said parallel faces has two islands of conductive material at diametrically opposite sides of said focal point in each compartment with the other of said parallel faces having four islands of conductive material with a first two of said islands being aligned with and electrically connected to the two islands of conductive material on said one face; and the other two of said four islands are diametrically disposed and positioned between the first two of said four islands to provide four terminals that are substantially coplanar. 8. A heat spreader body comprising a thermally conductive, electrically non-conductive material having parallel faces; one of said faces having two islands of conductive material at diametrically opposite sides of a central area; the other of said faces having four islands of conductive material with a first two of said four islands being aligned with and electrically connected to the two islands of conductive material on said one face; and the other two of said four islands being diametrically disposed and positioned between the first two of said four islands to provide four terminals that are substantially coplanar. 9. The heat spreader body of claim 8 wherein the electrical connection between the aligned islands includes vias extending through the spreader body with electrically conductive material filling said vias. 10. The body of claim 8 wherein the non-conductive material is AlN and said central area comprises an opening for alignment with photoactive areas of photocells mounted to the body. 11. A panel supporting a plurality of rows of solar cell units on a continuous bottom wall that has an aperture for each cell unit, said apertures being surrounded by side walls that are interconnected as a honeycomb, said side walls and said bottom wall being integrally formed from a unitary block of material, a plural number of solar radiation concentrators for focusing solar radiation at said bottom wall apertures, said concentrators being supported by the panel on a side of said bottom wall that is remote from said cell units. 12. A panel supporting a plurality of rows of tandem cell units on a continuous bottom wall that has an aperture for each cell unit; a plural number of solar radiation concentrators for focusing solar radiation at said bottom wall apertures, said concentrators being supported by the panel on a side of said bottom wall that is remote from said tandem cell units; said tandem cell units comprising: upper and lower cells; a heat spreader plate having opposed surfaces, said surfaces each having metallization islands that serve as terminals for said cells; said upper and lower cells being mounted on opposite surfaces of said plate; a circuit carrier having at least three parallel electric current carrying strips and spaced openings that are in registration with the tandem cell units in said row, said openings being sized to expose portions of the current carrying strips; and means for connecting said exposed strip portions to the metallization islands to provide voltage matching circuitry and means for collecting all of the electrical power generated by said tandem cell units. 13. A panel supporting a plurality of rows of tandem cell units on a continuous bottom wall that has an aperture for each cell unit; a plural number of solar radiation concentrators for focusing solar radiation at said bottom wall apertures, said concentrators being supported by the panel on a side of said bottom wall that is remote from said tandem cell units; said tandem cell units each comprising an upper cell of a first semiconductor material having upper and lower surfaces; a lower cell of a second semiconductive material having upper and lower surfaces; a heat spreader comprising a flat plate of thermally conductive, electrically non-conductive material sandwiched between the lower surface of the upper cell and the upper surface of the lower cell; and metallization on the heat spreader forming electrical circuitry for said unit, said metallization including a first island that engages a lower surface of the upper cell and a second island that is bridged by conductive material to the upper surface of the upper cell, a third island that engages the upper surface of the lower cell and a fourth island that is bridged by conductive material to the lower surface of the lower cell. 14. The panel of claim 13 further comprising a flexible circuit carrier having strips of conductive material carried by an insulating polymer material in the form of a tape, an aperture in said tape at which portions of said strips of conductive material are exposed, and means bonding said strip portions to selected islands of metallization on said heat spreader plate. 15. The panel of claim 14 wherein two of said strips of conductive material are separated by a distance which is greater than a corresponding dimension of said cell unit, the aperture size is greater than the corresponding size of said cell unit and the cell unit is positioned within said aperture and connected to the conductive strips in said circuit carrier solely through metallization on said heat spreader plate. 16. The panel of claim 13 wherein: said metallization includes fifth and sixth islands which are positioned to be in alignment with the first and second islands on one side of the heat spreader; and via means extend through the thickness of said heat spreader for electrically connecting together the first and fifth islands and the second and sixth islands respectively thereby forming a four terminal device. 17. The panel of claim 16 wherein the exposed strip portions of the tape are bonded only to the third, fourth, fifth and sixth islands that are on one side of said heat spreader. 18. A row of tandem cell units interconnected in the form of a string, comprising: upper and lower cells mounted on opposite sides of a heat spreader having opposed surfaces each having metallization islands that serve as terminals for said cells; a circuit carrier having electric current carrying strips and spaced openings that are in registration with tandem cell units in said row, said openings being sized to expose portions of the current carrying strips; and means for bonding said exposed strip portions to the metallization islands to provide voltage matching circuitry and means for collecting all of the electrical power generated by said tandem cell units. 19. A tandem cell unit comprising: an upper cell of GaAs having upper and lower surfaces; a lower cell of GaSb having upper and lower surfaces; a heat spreader sandwiched between the lower surface of the upper cell and the upper surface of the lower cell and having an aperture aligned with photoactive areas of said cells; said heat spreader including metallization that forms electrical circuitry for said unit; said metallization including a first island that engages the lower surface of the upper cell, a second island that is bridged by conductive material to the upper surface of the upper cell, a third island that engages the upper surface of the lower cell, and a fourth island that is bridged by conductive material to the lower surface of the lower cell. 20. The tandem cell unit of claim 19 further comprising a circuit carrier having strips of conductive material carried by an insulating polymer material in the form of a tape, an aperture in said tape at which portions of said strips of conductive material are exposed, and means bonding said strip portions to selected islands of metallization on said heat spreader plate. 21. The tandem cell unit of claim 20 wherein two strips of conductive material have parallel portions separated by a space which is greater than a corresponding dimensions of said cell unit, the aperture size is greater than the corresponding size of said cell unit and the cell unit is positioned within said aperture and connected to said circuit carrier solely through metallization on said heat spreader plate. 22. The tandem cell unit of claim 19 wherein: the metallization includes fifth and sixth islands which are positioned to be in alignment with the first and second islands; and via means extend through the heat spreader for electrically connecting together the first and fifth islands and the second and sixth islands respectively. 23. The tandem unit of claim 22 wherein the exposed strip portions of the tape are bonded only to the third, fourth, fifth and sixth islands that are on one side of said heat spreader. 24. The tandem unit of claim 19 wherein the heat spreader is AlN or sapphire. 25. A panel supporting a large number of solar energy collector lenses together with a corresponding number of tandem solar cell units, comprising: a housing; at least one lens supported on one side of said housing; at least one tape circuit mounted on an opposite side of said housing; at least one tandem solar cell unit secured to said housing for receiving solar energy collected by said lens; and means for connecting current carrying surfaces of said at least one tandem solar cell unit to said tape circuit, including a heat spreader. 26. The panel of claim 25 wherein the tape circuit comprises electrical conductors connected to each of a plurality of cell units carried by said housing to provide voltage and current matching and collection of the electrical power generated by said cell units. 27. The panel of claim 26 wherein the heat spreader contains conductive islands on a surface facing said tape circuit and conductors in said tape circuit are bonded to said conductive islands. 28. The panel of claim 26 wherein the heat spreader contains two conductive islands on opposite surfaces for connection to respective current carrying surfaces of one photocell of a solar cell unit and serves as the sole means for electrical connection between said one photocell of said cell units and conductors in said tape circuit. 29. The panel of claim 25 wherein the heat spreader is mounted in a thermal transfer relationship to said housing and to said tandem cell unit. 30. The panel of claim 29 wherein the tandem cell unit comprises a pair of photocells that are mounted on opposite sides of said heat spreader with one photocell receiving radiant energy that has passed through the other of said pair of photocells. 31. The panel of claim 30 wherein the heat spreader contains conductive islands on a surface facing said tape circuit and conductors in said tape circuit are bonded to said conductive islands. 32. The panel of claim 30 wherein the heat spreader contains two conductive islands on opposite surfaces for connection to respective current carrying surfaces of said photocells and serves as the sole means for electrical connection between one of said cell units and conductors in said tape circuit. 33. The panel of claim 31 wherein the tape circuit comprises electrical conductors connected to each of a plurality of cell units carried by said housing to provide voltage and current matching and collection of the electrical power generated by said cell units. 34. A method of making a lightweight honeycomb panel for a solar cell module comprising: providing a block of solid material having a thickness related to a focal length for a solar cell lens; forming side-by-side compartments by machining each compartment to have a depth slightly less than the block thickness to form a bottom wall and side walls as thin as can be produced that have a rigidity sufficient to support solar cells lenses; and providing a central opening in each compartment bottom wall that is related to a position of a focal point for the lens that is associated with said compartment to serve as a position reference for a concentrated sunlight solar cell. 35. The method of claim 34 wherein the compartments in the block are in parallel rows, the solar cells are mounted at said focal points from a side of said block that is opposite to the side on which solar cell lenses are adapted to be mounted. 36. The method of claim 34 wherein the solar cells are a tandem GaAs cell and GaSb cell that form a cell unit and comprising the further steps of mounting the cells of a cell unit on opposite sides of a heat spreader plate; connecting said plates by circuitry into the form of a string; and attaching said string to a back wall of the block on a side opposite the lenses with each cell unit being aligned with the focal point of an associated lens. 37. A method of fabricating a row of tandem solar cell units interconnected in the form of a string, said tandem cell units each comprising an upper cell and a lower cell of different semiconductive material with the lower cell being mounted to receive radiation that has passed through the upper cell and the upper and lower cells are mounted on opposite sides of a heat spreader body having metallized islands that serve as terminals for said cells, comprising: providing a foil of an electrically conductive first material having a predetermined thickness; punching the foil to form electric circuit carrying strips; providing a coating of an electrically conducting material that is different from the first material on portions of said current carrying strips; providing a pair of layers of heat resistant polymer dielectric material in the form of a tape, said tape having prepunched holes to provide spaced openings that are in registration with the row of solar cell units and sized to expose the coated portions of the current carrying strips; applying the tape layers on opposite sides of the current carrying strips to form a laminate with the metal coated portions of the current carrying strips exposed in each opening; and connecting said metal coated portions to the metallized islands on said heat spreader body. 