A swimming pool skimmer includes a paddle wheel that directs fluid and debris into a debris catcher. The paddle wheel is turned by a motor that is powered from an array of solar cells. A solar concentrator focuses solar energy onto the solar cells, and an alarm circuit includes a strain gauge on the debris catcher. The strain gauge forms one leg of a bridge circuit that is connected to a comparator having a feedback loop. The output of the comparator is connected to an alarm element either directly or remotely.
Claims We claim: 1. A swimming pool skimmer assembly comprising: (A) a U-shaped housing which includes two spaced-apart pontoons and a leg connecting said pontoons together, each of said pontoons including an aft end connected to said leg and a fore end, said fore ends being curved and together defining an entranceway; (B) a paddle wheel assembly mounted on said housing and including (1) a motor having an output shaft, (2) a gear reduction assembly connected to said motor output shaft, and (3) a paddle wheel means connected to said gear reduction assembly and spanning from one pontoon to the other pontoon for being contacted by fluid moving through said entranceway, said paddle wheel means having a support axle means connected to said housing for mounting said paddle wheel means for rotation so that said paddle wheel rotates to force fluid through said entranceway; (C) a debris catcher mounted on said housing adjacent to said paddle wheel to receive fluid from said paddle wheel and to retain debris; (D) power means on said housing and connected to said motor, said power means including (1) a solar cell array mounted on said housing connecting leg, and electrically connected to said motor, and (2) a solar concentrator mounted on said housing adjacent to said solar cell; and (E) an alarm circuit means connected to said debris catcher for signalling when said debris catcher has more than a predetermined amount of debris therein, and including a strain gauge mounted on said debris catcher. 2. The swimming pool skimmer assembly defined in claim 1 wherein said alarm circuit further includes a bridge circuit in which said strain gauge is connected as one leg thereof. 3. The swimming pool skimmer assembly defined in claim 2 wherein said alarm circuit further includes a comparator element. 4. The swimming pool skimmer assembly defined in claim 3 wherein said alarm circuit further includes an alarm element connected to said comparator element. 5. The swimming pool skimmer assembly defined in claim 4 wherein said alarm circuit further includes a feedback loop around said comparator element. 6. The swimming pool skimmer assembly defined in claim 5 wherein said feedback loop includes a diode. 7. The swimming pool skimmer assembly defined in claim 6 wherein said alarm circuit further includes a remote control element. 8. The swimming pool skimmer assembly defined in claim 6 wherein said alarm circuit alarm element includes an audible alarm. 9. The swimming pool skimmer assembly defined in claim 6 further including a deflector element mounted on said housing. 10. The swimming pool skimmer assembly defined in claim 5 further including a deflector element mounted on said housing. 11. The swimming pool skimmer assembly defined in claim 10 wherein said deflector element includes a flexible arm connected at one end thereof to said housing and having a circular deflection wheel mounted on another end thereof. 12. The swimming pool skimmer assembly defined in claim 11 wherein said housing has a longitudinal centerline and said circular deflection wheel has a center which lies on said housing longitudinal centerline. 