A portable ozonization system having a tank mounted on a base housing a battery, pump and associated components. A photovoltaic battery charger is mounted on a surface of the tank. Water from the tank is periodically circulated from under the control of a low voltage DC timer by the pump through a venturi where it is subjected to DC generated ultraviolet radiation to treat virus, cysts, bacteria and organic material. Water is withdrawn from the tank for use through a filter to further enhance the water quality.
Claims I claim: 1. An apparatus to treat water to reduce microorganisms and other contaminants to an acceptable level comprising: (a) a base defining an enclosure for the mechanical and electrical components; (b) a holding tank positioned on said base having a first inlet and a first outlet and a second inlet and a second outlet, and having a bottom which conforms to the shape of said base and is engageable therein; (c) a solar battery charging array, disposed on an outside wall of said apparatus; (d) a battery in said enclosure operatively connected to said battery charging array; (e) circulation pump in said enclosure connected between said second outlet and said second inlet; (f) venturi means interposed between said pump and said second inlet; and (g) ozonation means including a source of UV radiation positioned at said venturi means to cause ozone to be aspirated into the flow of water through the venturi means. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 further including timer means for intermittently operating said pump for predetermined time periods. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein said timer is a low current DC timer. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said solar battery charging array is located on an inclined mounting surface to expose the array to maximum solar radiation. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 further including a particulate filter connected to said first tank outlet. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 further including a heating means disposed within said tank and a temperature sensor means operatively connected to said heating means to maintain the water at a predetermined temperature. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said tank and base are high density polyethylene. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said ozonation means comprises a housing connected to said venturi at a UV-resistant fitting and said source of UV radiation is disposed in said housing and comprises a DC UV lamp operated from said battery. 9. The apparatus of claim 7 in which said lamp iss substantially aligned with said UV-resistant fitting and further includes a shroud at least partially about said lamp to direct radiation to said venturi means. 