A portable power supply having a rechargeable battery in a housing mounted on a portable frame. An inverter/converter unit, attached to the frame, is hardwired to the battery for conversion of DC power to AC power and for recharging the battery from an external AC source. Power distribution means are provided for distributing DC and AC Power. Photovoltaic panels are mounted to the frame for recharging the battery.
Claims I claim: 1. A portable, rechargeable power supply, comprising: a frame member; a plurality of ground engaging wheels attached to said frame member for transporting said frame member over the ground; a housing attached to said frame; a rechargeable DC battery located within said housing and having a positive and a negative output terminal; a voltage inverter, attached to said frame member and electrically hardwired to said battery output terminals, for converting DC output from said battery to an AC output and for converting AC power from an external source to a DC output for charging the DC battery; an AC power block mounted on said frame and electrically connected to said inverter and having a plurality of AC input/output sockets; a DC input/output female-type socket mounted on said housing and switchably connected electrically to said battery; a plurality of photovoltaic panels attached to said frame for generating DC electrical output from solar energy; and switching means mounted on said housing including a first switch for enabling the panels' DC output to be switched either to the battery for recharging or to a second switch, said second switch enabling the DC input/output socket to be electrically connected to either the battery or to said panels. 2. The portable, rechargeable power supply of claim 1 further comprising: a spotlight mounted to said frame and electrically connected to said battery. 3. The portable, rechargeable power supply of claim 2 further comprising: a DC male plug for insertion into said DC input/output female-type socket; and a small photovoltaic panel mounted on said housing and having an output cable wired directly to said DC male plug. 4. The portable, rechargeable power supply of claim 3 wherein: said power block has a lighted on-off switch and a circuit breaker in the electrical connection between the block and said inverter. 5. The portable, rechargeable power supply of claim 4 wherein: said frame member has an upright, dolly-shape, and a top, bottom, two sides, front and back. 6. The portable, rechargeable power supply of claim 5 wherein: said frame member has a shelf attached to its front near to its bottom upon which said battery housing rests. 7. The portable, rechargeable power supply of claim 6 wherein: said spotlight has an on-off switch mounted on its rear side and said spot light is attached to said frame member front near to its top. 8. The portable, rechargeable power supply of claim 7 wherein: two of said plurality of photovoltaic panels are attached one each to a frame member side by means of a pivot joint whereby each of said panels are folded out from the frame sides and are positioned to face rearward or forward of the frame. 9. The portable, rechargeable power supply of claim 8 wherein: said pivot joints permit said side connected panels to be pivoted between vertical and horizontal positions and set at any angle in between. 