A concave parabolic reflector receiving solar rays directly and by reflection from an angularly adjustable auxiliary collecting plate and from a stationary side plate reflects such solar rays to a line focus at which material to be heated is located, which may be liquid, gas or food to be cooked. Such food may be placed in a container having a cast iron heat sink cover and such container may be an inner container enclosed in an outer container spaced from the inner container a distance sufficient to form a cooking chamber for cooking food in the outer container at a temperature lower than the temperature within the inner container. The degree of tilt of the auxiliary reflecting plate can be adjusted depending on the elevation of the sun and such plate can be swung to horizontal position to serve as a dining table.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar heating device comprising a concave upwardly-opening concentrating reflector trough for reflecting to a line focus extending axially of the upper portion of the trough solar rays striking the concave concentrating reflector, said trough having a rectangular upper opening with a length much greater than its width, the width of said opening extending axially of the trough concavity and the length of said opening extending chordwise of the trough concavity, and an auxiliary flat reflector disposed parallel to the chords of the concave concentrating reflector trough opening extending above and inclined from its lower edge over the trough at an acute angle relative to the line focus for reflecting solar rays striking it downward past the line focus onto the concave concentrating reflector trough for reflection thereby back up to the line focus. 2. In the solar heating device defined in claim 1, means mounting the auxiliary reflector for tilting adjustment about a chord of the concave concentrating reflector for positioning the auxiliary reflector in various attitudes inclined relative to the line focus. 3. In the solar heating device defined in claim 1, means mounting the auxiliary reflector for tilting adjustment about a chord of the concave concentrating reflector for positioning the auxiliary reflector in an attitude from upright to horizontal. 4. In a solar heating device including a concave concentrating reflector for reflecting to a line focus solar rays striking the concave concentrating reflector, the improvement comprising stray solar ray collecting means including two reflectors located generally centrally of the arc of the concave concentrating reflector, disposed generally parallel to the line focus and converging toward each other for reflecting toward such line focus stray solar rays striking said collecting means reflectors. 5. In a solar food cooker including a concave concentrating reflector for reflecting to a line focus solar rays striking the concave concentrating reflector, the improvement comprising an outer food-holding container elongated lengthwise of the line focus, having a portion thereof closer to the concave concentrating reflector made of material capable of transmitting most of the solar ray spectrum, and an inner container received within said outer container, elongated lengthwise of the line focus, having a portion thereof closer to the concave concentrating reflector made of material which is transparent to most of the solar ray spectrum, said inner container being of a size for holding therein food to be cooked and said inner container and said outer container being spaced apart sufficiently to provide therebetween a chamber for holding food to be cooked at a temperature lower than the temperature at which the food is to be cooked in said inner container. 6. In a solar food cooker including a concave concentrating reflector for reflecting to a line focus solar rays striking the concave concentrating reflector, the improvement comprising a food-holding container located above the concave concentrating reflector and having a lower portion which is transparent to most of the spectrum of the solar rays and an upper portion which is opaque to most of the solar ray spectrum and constitutes a heat sink, and means supporting said container in a position for passage of such line focus through said container below said opaque portion. 7. In the solar food cooker defined in claim 6, the opaque upper portion of the food-holding container being of heat-absorbing material. 8. In the solar cooker defined in claim 7, the heat-absorbing material being of metal. 9. In the solar food cooker defined in claim 7, the opaque upper portion of the container being cast iron. 10. In the solar food cooker defined in claim 6, the opaque portion of the container being a heat-absorbing metal lid. 11. In a solar food cooker including a concave concentrating reflector for reflecting to a line focus solar rays striking the concave concentrating reflector, the improvement comprising a food-holding container for holding food substantially at such line focus, and a heat-absorbing lid covering the upper portion of said food-holding container and located above the line focus to be heated by residual solar rays reflected from or passing through or close to food held by said food-holding container. 12. In a solar heating device including a concave concentrating reflector for reflecting to a line focus solar rays striking the concave concentrating reflector, the improvement comprising reflecting sides of generally segment shape closing opposite sides of the concave concentrating reflector, an auxiliary flat reflector plate mounted above one of said sides alongside the concave concentrating reflector, and means mounting said auxiliary flat reflector plate for tilting adjustment about a chord of the concave concentrating reflector for positioning said auxiliary flat reflector plate in an attitude inclined at an acute angle relative to the line focus upward from said chord of said concentrating reflector and over said concentrating reflector for reflecting solar rays striking said auxiliary flat reflector plate downward onto the concave concentrating reflector. 13. A process for utilizing solar energy including concentrating solar rays reviewed through the upper opening of a concave concentrating reflector trough to a line focus extending axially of the upper portion of such trough, the improvement comprising collecting solar rays over an area in addition to the area of the concave concentrating reflector trough upper opening, extending upward above a chord of such trough and inclined from its lower edge over such trough, and reflecting solar rays collected in such additional area downward past the line focus onto the concave concentrating reflector trough for reflection thereby upward to the line focus. 