An air conditioning condenser cooling device is characterized by a unique valve assembly which delivers a spray mist to the coils of the condenser only while the condenser is operating. A vibration transducer is provided which senses vibrations of the condenser when the condenser is in operation. The transducer produces a signal which opens a valve to supply fluid such as water from a fluid supply to a spray nozzle adjacent the condenser coils. When the condenser is off and thus not vibrating, the valve closes and the spray is terminated.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Apparatus for cooling the condenser coils of an air conditioner, comprising (a) a housing adapted for mounting on the air conditioner; (b) a low pressure fluid supply connected with said housing; (c) valve means arranged in said housing and connected with said low pressure fluid supply and operable between open and closed positions to deliver and interrupt the flow of fluid from said supply, respectively; (d) valve control means arranged in said housing and connected with said valve means for opening and closing said valve means, said valve control means including a vibration transducer which senses vibration of the condenser when the condenser is operating, said transducer producing a first signal in response to initiation of sensed condenser vibration to open said valve means and a second signal in response to termination of sensed condenser vibrations to close said valve means when the condenser is inoperative; (e) a self-contained power supply arranged within said housing and connected with said valve control means; and (f) nozzle means connected with said valve means and arranged adjacent the coils for spraying a fluid mist on the coils when said valve means is in the open position, said fluid mist cooling the condenser coils when the condenser is operating, thereby increasing the efficiency of the condenser. 2. Apparatus as defined in claim 1, wherein said fluid supply includes filter means for removing particulates from the fluid. 3. Apparatus as defined in claim 2, wherein said fluid supply further includes a pressure reducer for reducing the pressure of the fluid. 4. Apparatus as defined in claim 3, wherein said power supply comprises a battery. 5. Apparatus as defined in claim 4, wherein said power supply further comprises a solar collector. 6. Apparatus as defined in claim 1, wherein said valve control means further includes a pulse circuit which responds to said control signal to control opening and closing of said valve means. 7. Apparatus as defined in claim 6, wherein said housing includes means for removably connecting said housing with the condenser. 8. Apparatus as defined in claim 7, wherein said fluid supply includes a filter for removing particulates from the fluid and a pressure reducer for reducing the pressure of the fluid. 