A pole mounted self contained solar powered strobe light utilizing ultra violet rays from the sun and moon for charging its batteries and employing a cylindrical housing open at one end for fitting over the top of a vertically mounted pole. Batteries are insertable in the other end of the housing which are covered by a cap for closing this end of the housing. The cap has mounted on it a strobe light connected to the batteries and covered by a transparent magnifying lens.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar powered strobe light assembly comprising: an open ended cylindrical housing for receiving in one end thereof the upright end of a pole, and in the other end an electrical D.C. power storage means, said electrical D.C. storage means comprising at least one battery, a cap for covering said other end of said housing, a strobe light mounted on said cap to extend axially outward therefrom, a transparent lens mounted on said cap and over said strobe light for magnifying the light admitted by said strobe light, and a plurality of photovoltaic cells mounted on the outside of said housing and exposed to the sun for collecting incident solar energy and converting it into electrical energy, conductor means for individually connecting said strobe light and said photovoltaic cell across the terminals of said battery, and voltage regulator means connected between said photovoltaic cells and said battery for controlling the electrical energy transmitted to said battery. 2. The solar powered strobe light assembly set forth in claim 1 wherein: said D.C. storage means comprises more than one parallelly connected 12 volt battery vertically mounted in said housing. 3. The solar powered strobe light assembly set forth in claim 1 wherein: said D.C. storage means comprises more than one serially connected 6 volt battery vertically mounted in said housing. 4. The solar powered strobe light assembly set forth in claim 1 in further combination with: means for adjustably mounting said plurality of photovoltaic cells on said housing for controlling the position of said photovoltaic cells relative to the rays of the sun. 5. The solar powered strobe light assembly set forth in claim 1 wherein: said housing, cap and lens are formed of a plastic material. 6. The solar powered strobe light assembly set forth in claim 1 wherein: said lens comprises a pointed geometrical configuration providing a self cleaning function for discouraging birds from nesting thereon. 