An autonomous radar transmitting system transmits radar signals which simulate the presence of a police- manned radar station. A system controller runs pseudo- randomizing programs to select signal parameters such as the pulse width and pulse separation as well as the signal power of generated radar signals. The radar output of the system is therefore sufficiently random to prevent a detecting circuit from identifying it in the time it takes for a motorist with a radar detector to reach the radar source. This system is battery powered and a photovoltaic panel is provided to recharge the battery, thus giving the system a long lifespan. The controller detects the battery power level and modifies the parameters of the generated signals in response to low battery levels. A radiation detector is also provided through which radiation signals may be input from a remote control. The input radiation signals may be used to suspend system operation or modify the signal parameters. Thus, external control is provided without making the system susceptible to tampering or vandelism. Most of the electrical components are enclosed in a weatherproof casing capable of being mounted in a number of discrete, convenient locations.
Claims I claim: 1. An automatic radar transmitting system for simulating the presence of a police-manned radar station, the system comprising: a radar signal generator for generating signals at a frequency and signal strength sufficient to cause an alert status in a radar detector when the signals are transmitted by a microwave antenna; a microwave antenna for transmitting radar signals from the signal generator; a power source for providing electrical power to the system; a radiation detector detecting external coded radiation signals and converting them to coded electrical input signals; and a controller comprising means for controlling the generation of said signals generated by the signal generator such that the radar signal output by the microwave antenna have particular parameters of pulse width, pulse separation, and signal power, the controller receiving said electrical input signals from the radiation detector, wherein one of said external input signals from the radiation detector causes the controller to suspend operation of the signal generator for a predetermined length of time after which the controller automatically reactivates the operation of the signal generator. 2. An automatic radar transmitting system for simulating the presence of a police-manned radar station, the system comprising: a radar signal generator for generating signals at a frequency and signal strength sufficient to cause an alert status in a radar detector when the signals are transmitted by a microwave antenna; a microwave antenna for transmitting radar signals from the signal generator; a power source for providing electrical power to the system; a radiation detector detecting external coded radiation signals and converting them to coded electrical input signals; and a controller comprising means for controlling the generation of said signals generated by the signal generator such that the radar signals output by the microwave antenna have particular parameters of pulse width, pulse separation, and signal power, the controller receiving said electrical input signals form the radiation detector, wherein the controller responds to predetermined coded electrical input signals form the radiation detector to modify the control of the signal generator to change said parameters of the signals generated by the signal generator. 3. The radar transmitting system of claim 2 wherein the controller comprises a microprocessor executing software program. 4. The radar transmitting system of claim 2, wherein one of said external input signals from the radiation detector causes the controller to suspend operation of the signal generator for a predetermined length of time. 5. The radar transmitting system of claim 2 wherein power to the radiation detector is controlled by the controller. 6. The radar transmitting system of claim 5, wherein the radiation detector is supplied with power on a duty cycle, at least until a predetermined radiation signal is detected. 7. The radar transmitting system of claim 6, wherein one of said electrical input signals is a preparatory signal received while the radiation detector is operating on the duty cycle, and the controller further comprises means for responding to the preparator signal by providing continuous power to the radiation detector. 8. The radar transmitting system of claim 2 wherein the power source comprises a battery and a photovoltaic panel, wherein the photovoltaic panel collects solar energy and converts it to electricity which is applied to the battery, replenishing change to the battery as charge is expended. 9. An automatic radar transmitting system for simulating the presence of a police-manned radar station, the system comprising: a radar signal generator for generating signals at a frequency and signal strength sufficient to cause an alert status in a radar detector when the signals are transmitted by a microwave antenna; a microwave antenna for transmitting radar signals from the signal generator; a power source for providing electrical power to the system, the power source comprising a battery and a photovoltaic panel, wherein the photovoltaic panel collects solar energy and converts it to electricity which is applied to the battery, replenishing charge to the battery as charge is expended; a radiation detector detecting external coded radiation signals and converting them to coded electrical input signals; a controller comprising means for controlling the generation of said signals generated by the signal generator such that the radar signals output by the microwave antenna have particular parameters of pulse width, pulse separation, and signal power, the controller receiving said electrical input signals from the radiation detector; and a charge control device through which the charge transfer from the photovoltaic panel to the battery is controlled, such tat when the charge to he battery reaches a predetermined maximum, the charge control device prevents charge transfer from the photovoltaic panel to the battery. 10. An automatic radar transmitting system for simulating the presence of a police-manned radar station, the system comprising: a radar signal generator for generating signals at a frequency and signal strength sufficient to cause an alert status in a radar detector when the signals are transmitted by a microwave antenna; a microwave antenna for transmitting radar signals from the signal generator; a power source for providing electrical power to the system, the power source comprising a battery and a photovoltaic panel, wherein the photovoltaic panel collects solar energy and converts it to electricity which is applied to the battery, replenishing charge to the battery as charge is expended; a radiation detector detecting external coded radiation signals and converting them to coded electrical input signals; and a controller comprising means for controlling the generation of said signals generated by the signal generator such that the radar signals output by the microwave antenna have particular parameters of pulse width, pulse separation, and signal power, the controller receiving said electrical input signals from the radiation detector, wherein the controller further comprises means for monitoring the charge level of the battery, and increasing the pulse separation of the signals generated by the signal generator as the charge level on the battery decreases. 11. The radar transmitting system of claim 2 further comprising a weatherproof casing housing components of the radar transmitting system. 12. The radar transmitting system of claim 11 wherein said weatherproof casing is aluminium. 13. The radar transmitting system of claim 11 wherein the weatherproof casing includes a drainage hole in the bottom portion of the casing, the hole being in a region of the bottom portion of the casing substantially lower than the rest of the bottom portion of the casing, such that moisture condensing on the inside of the casing will drain through the drainage hole. 14. The radar transmitting system of claim 13 further comprising a section of tubing sealed to and extending downward from the region of the bottom portion of the weatherproof casing surrounding the drainage hole. 15. The radar transmitting system of claim 14 further comprising a screen covering the open portion of the bottom of the section of tubing. 16. An automatic radar transmitting system for simulating the presence of a police-manned radar station, the system comprising: a radar signal generator for generating signals at a frequency and signal strength sufficient to cause an alert status in a radar detector when the signals are transmitted by a microwave antenna; a microwave antenna for transmitting radar signals from the signal generator; a power source for providing electrical power to the system; a radiation detector detecting external coded radiation signals and converting them to coded electrical input signals; and a controller comprising means for controlling the generation of said signals generated by the signal generator and the regulation of power provided from the power source to the radiation detector such that the radiation detector receives power on a duty cycle, the controller being responsive to said electrical input signals from the radiation detector, one of said electrical input signals being a preparatory signal in response to which the controller modifies the regulation of power to the radiation detector such as to allow continuous power to the radiation detector for a preestablished length of time. 17. An automatic radar transmitting system for simulating the presence of a police-manned radar station, the system comprising: a radar signal generator for generating signals at a frequency and signal strength sufficient to cause an alert status in a radar detector when the signals are transmitted by a microwave antenna; a microwave antenna for transmitting radar signals from the signal generator; a power source comprising a rechargeable battery for providing electrical power to the system; and a controller comprising means for controlling the generation of said signals generated by the signal generator such that the radar signals output by the microwave antenna have particular parameters of pulse width, pulse separation, and signal power, the controller further comprising means for detecting the charge level of the battery and responding to decreases in battery charge by changing said parameters of the signals generated by the signal generator so as to reduce the power consumed by the signal generator. 18. The radar transmitting system of claim 17 wherein the power source further comprises a photovoltaic panel which collects solar energy and converts it to electrical energy which is input to the battery. 19. The radar transmitting system of claim 17 wherein changing said parameters of the signals generated by the signal generator comprises decreasing the width of the generated pulses. 20. The radar transmitting system of claim 17 wherein changing said parameters of the signals generated by the signal generator comprises increasing the pulse separation of the generated signal. 21. The radar transmitting system of claim 17 wherein changing said parameters of the signals generated by the signal generator comprises decreasing the signal power of the generated pulses. 22. A method of automatically simulating the presence of a police-manned radar station, the method comprising: generating signals with a radar signal generator at a frequency and signal strength sufficient to cause an alert status in a radar detector when the signals are transmitted by a microwave antenna; providing a microwave antenna for transmitting radar signals from the signal generator; supplying electrical power with a power source; detecting external coded radiation signals with a radiation detector and converting them to coded electrical input signals; and controlling generation of said signals generated by the signal generator with a controller such that the radar signals output by the microwave antenna have particular parameters of pulse width, pulse separation, and signal power, the controller receiving said electrical input signals from the radiation detector and modifying the control of the signal generator in response thereto to change said parameters of the signals generated by the signal generator. 23. A method of automatically simulating the presence of a police-manned radar station, the system comprising: generating signals with a radar signal generator at a frequency and signal strength sufficient to cause an alert status in a radar detector when the signals are transmitted by a microwave antenna; providing a microwave antenna for directionally transmitting radar signals from the signal generator; supplying electrical power with a power source; detecting external coded radiation signals with a radiation detector which converts them to coded electrical input signals; and controlling with a controller the generation of said signals generated by the signal generator and the regulation of power from the power source to the radiation detector such that the radiation detector receives power on a duty cycle, the controller responding to said electrical input signals from the radiation detector, one of said electrical input signals being a preparatory signal in response to which the controller modifies the regulation of power to the radiation detector such as to allow continuous power to the radiation detector for a preestablished length of time. 24. A method of simulating the presence of a police-manned radar station, the method comprising: generating with a radar signal generator signals at a frequency and signal strength sufficient to cause an alert status in a radar detector when the signals are transmitted by a microwave antenna; providing a microwave antenna for transmitting radar signals from the signal generator; providing a power source comprising a rechargeable battery for supplying electrical power; and controlling the generation of said signals generated by the signal generator with a controller such that the radar signals output by the microwave antenna have particular parameters of pulse width, pulse separation, and signal power, the controller detecting the charge level of the battery and responding to decreases in battery change by changing said parameters of the signals generated by the signal generator so as to reduce the power consumed by the signal generator. 