A system for determining the current carrying capability of one or more overhead power transmission lines monitors one or more spans of each line on real-time basis and identifies the span having the lowest current carrying capacity which in turn establishes the maximum capacity of the entire line. The thermal state of each monitored line span is determined by measuring the conductor temperature, line current, solar radiation, ambient temperature, and in some cases wind speed and wind direction. These parameters are monitored by a sensor-transmitter unit that may be removably clamped on the line conductor which may range in size from one to several inches in diameter, and includes a radio transmitter for transmitting sensed data to a receiving substation. The data from the sensor-transmitter is multiplexed and transmitted by a telecommunications link to a computer which automatically determines line capacity using the real-time data and also calculates the time required for the "critical span" having the lowest current capacity to reach its maximum safe temperature based on any of a number of step changes in load demands. Each sensor-transmitter may include sensors for monitoring the current level, conductor temperature, solar radiation impinging on the conductor, ambient temperature, wind direction and velocity and conductor sag. These sensors and the transmitter are enclosed in a corona-free housing and are powered by a power supply that includes a transformer core which surrounds and is inductively coupled with the monitored conductor. The core is formed in an upper and lower portion which are shiftable relative to each other upon opening and closing a pair of conductor clamping jaws in order to permit the conductor to be introduced into and withdrawn from the core and to allow the clamping jaws to fit a range of conductor diameters while maintaining constant air gaps between the upper and lower core portions.
Claims I claim: 1. A method for monitoring the current carrying capacity of a length of an overhead electrical power line which includes a plurality of overhead electric power line spans, comprising the steps of: (a) monitoring on a real-time basis at least the actual conductor temperature parameter of said overhead electrical power line along at least one span, and using the monitored actual conductor temperature parameter to calculate the surface coefficient of heat transfer on said at least one monitored span; (b) generating data signals at said at least one monitored span corresponding to a desired maximum conductor temperature and said surface coefficient of heat transfer; (c) determining the current carrying capacity of each overhead electric power line span using at least the data signals generated in step (b); and (d) identifying the overhead electric power line span having the lowest current carrying capacity determined in step (c). 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the generated data signals relative to each span are transmitted to a receiving station, multiplexed, then transmitted to an operating station; and thereafter, determining the particular span along said line having the lowest current carrying capacity using the multiplexed data transmitted to said operating station. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein said line spans are divided into a plurality of zones, including a near zone within radio transmission range of a receiving station and a far zone beyond radio transmission range of said receiving station, and data is transmitted from said near zone to said receiving station by radio wave transmission; and data is transmitted from said far zone to said receiving station through said power line. 4. A method for monitoring the current carrying capacity of a length of an overhead electrical power line which includes a plurality of overhead electric power line spans, comprising the steps of: (a) monitoring on a real-time basis at least the actual conductor temperature parameter of said overhead electrical power line along at least one span; (b) monitoring on a real-time basis one or more ambient conditions, said one or more ambient conditions affecting the current carrying capacity of the corresponding overhead electric power line spans; (c) monitoring on a real-time basis the line current of the power line; (d) generating data signals at the monitored spans including using at least the monitored actual conductor temperature, the monitored ambient conditions and the line current to calculate the surface coefficient of heat transfer; (e) determining the current carrying capacity of each overhead electric power line span using at least the calculated surface coefficient of heat transfer and a desired maximum conductor temperature; and (f) identifying the overhead electric power line span having the lowest current carrying capacity determined in step (e). 5. The method of claim 4, wherein said one or more ambient conditions are monitored at a weather station remote to said certain spans. 6. The method of claim 4, wherein the step of monitoring the current is performed by measuring the current flow through said overhead electric power line at the end of said overhead electric power line. 7. The method of claim 4, wherein the step of monitoring the current is performed by measuring the current flowing through one overhead electric power line span and generating data signals in response thereto. 8. The method of claim 4, wherein the sag of said overhead electric power line is also monitored along at least one span of the length of said overhead electric power line and used to determine said maximum conductor temperature, with data signals generated in response thereto. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein said monitoring step is performed by continuously sensing the slope of said overhead electric power line along said one span and data signals generated in response thereto. 10. The method of claim 4, wherein the current flow in the span having the lowest temperature is increased to increase the temperature of said span sufficiently to prevent the formation of ice along the entire length of an overhead electric power line. 11. The method of claim 4, wherein the generated data signals relative to each span are transmitted to a receiving station, multiplexed, then transmitted to an operating station; and thereafter, determining the particular span along said line having the lowest current carrying capacity using the multiplexed data transmitted to said operating station. 12. The method of claim 4, wherein said line spans are divided into a plurality of zones, including a near zone within radio transmission range of a receiving station and a far zone beyond radio transmission range of said receiving station, and data is transmitted from said near zone to said receiving station by radio wave transmission; and data is transmitted from said far zone to said receiving station through said power line. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the data in said far zone is first transmitted to a radio receiver within radio transmission range of said far zone, and thereafter, transmitted to said receiving station through said overhead electric power line. 14. The method of claim 12, wherein the data in said near zone is first transmitted to a radio receiver within radio transmission range of said receiving station and thereafter, radio transmitted to said receiving station. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein the sag of said overhead electric power line is also monitored along at least one span of the length of said overhead electric power line and used to determine said maximum conductor temperature, with data signals generated in response thereto. 16. The method of claim 4, wherein the generated data signals relative to each span are transmitted to a receiving station, multiplexed, then transmitted to an operating station; and thereafter, determining the particular span along said line having the lowest current carrying capacity using the multiplexed data transmitted to said operating station. 17. The method of claim 5, wherein the generated data signals relative to each span are transmitted to a receiving station, multiplexed, then transmitted to an operating station; and thereafter, determining the particular span along said line having the lowest current carrying capacity using the multiplexed data transmitted to said operating station. 18. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein the desired maximum conductor temperature for the span is determined by measuring the actual sag of the span, and step (c) includes using the equation: ##EQU4## wherein Q.sub.c is convected heat, and is determined utilizing the calculated surface coefficient of heat transfer and the desired maximum conductor temperature, Q.sub.r is thermal radiation and is measured, and Q.sub.s is solar radiation and is also measured, R is resistance, and wherein the above equation is utilized to determine a maximum I for the span. 19. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein the equation: ##EQU5## is used in step (a) with a measured conductor temperature and I to calculate the surface coefficient of heat transfer in step (c). 20. A method as recited in claim 4, wherein the desired maximum conductor temperature for the span is determined by measuring the actual sag of the span, and step (e) includes using the equation: ##EQU6## wherein Q.sub.c is convected heat, and is determined utilizing the calculated surface coefficient of heat transfer and the desired maximum conductor temperature, Q.sub.r is thermal radiation and is measured, and Q.sub.s is solar radiation and is also measured, R is resistance, and wherein the above equation is utilized to determine a maximum I for the span. 21. A method as recited in claim 4, wherein the equation: ##EQU7## is used in step (d) with a measured conductor temperature and I to calculate the surface coefficient of heat transfer in step (e). 