A supported photovoltaic array and method in which support elements are in rows spaced from one another and are bi-directionally spanned by members which mount photovoltaic modules that are separated from one another are are slidably clipped to the spanning members by cushioned load-spreading fasteners.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A supported photovoltaic array comprising a support structure; and a set of photovoltaic modules mounted on said support structure, with each module separated from an adjoining module and clipped at its underside to said support structure by at least one attachment clip inwardly displaced from the edges of said module. 2. A supported photovoltaic array as defined in claim 1 with said support structure comprising a first row of support elements set in the earth; a second row of support elements, spaced from said first row and set in the earth; a plurality of first members, each spanning a plurality of said support elements; and a plurality of second members spanning said first members; with said set of photovoltaic modules each mounted on a pair of said second members, with each module separated from an adjoining module and secured at its underside to a second member by at least one attachment clip inwardly displaced from the edges of said module. 3. The array of claim 1 wherein each attachment is a mounting channel with a flat base and separated stems which are proportioned to capture the head of a fastener. 4. The array of claim 3 wherein the mounting channel is "U" shaped with a flat base and serifed stems for capturing the head of said fastener. 5. The array of claim 3 wherein each module includes a plurality of attachments for capturing the heads of fasteners. 6. The array of claim 5 wherein said module includes four attachments positioned inboard at a location to reduce stresses and deflections of the module with respect to fasteners. 7. The array of claim 1 wherein each first member is a joist is formed by an upper flange, a lower flange and a lattice structure in between. 8. The array of claim 1 wherein each attachment clip is adhered to its module by an adhesive, and a common rail extends through the attachments of a plurality of modules. 9. The array of claim 8 wherein the adhesive is selected from the class of silicones, polycarbonates, polyurethanes, and polyacrylates. 10. The method of generating electricity which comprises the steps of: (a) providing support elements for a photovoltaic array; (b) clipping individual and separated modules of said array to the support members by underside and inwardly displaced attachments; and (c) interconnecting the modules of said array to produce electricity in response to the illumination of the modules of said array by solar energy. 11. The method of claim 10 further including the steps of providing frontal supporting elements for said photovoltaic array to withstand lateral loading; and providing rearward supporting elements for said photovoltaic array to withstand vertical loading. 12. A supported photovoltaic array comprising a first row of support elements set in the earth; a second row of support elements, spaced from said first row and set in the earth; a plurality of first members, each spanning a plurality of said support elements; a plurality of second members spanning said first members; and a set of photovoltaic modules mounted on each pair of said second members; wherein the support elements of said first row are of a different composition than those of the second row. 13. The array of claim 12 wherein the elements of the first row are structured to withstand lateral loading and the elements of the second row are structured to withstand vertical loading. 14. The array of claim 13 wherein the elements of the second row are of an auger type and the elements of the first row have a sufficient transverse area to provide lateral ground loading. 15. The method of providing a support system for a photovoltaic array which comprises the steps of (1) providing a support structure; and (2) mounting a plurality of separate photovoltaic modules on said support structure by means of attachment clips positioned at inboard locations on the undersides of said modules to reduce stresses and deflections. 16. The method of claim 15 for providing a support system for a photovoltaic array which comprises the steps of (1) setting a first row of support elements in the earth for a support structure, with each element extending vertically upward; (2) setting a second row of support elements in the earth displaced from said first row; (3) providing a plurality of reinforcement members and connecting the upper ends of adjoining support elements in adjoining columns by a reinforcement member; (4) spanning the reinforcement members by a plurality of horizontally extending photovoltaic support members which are parallel to said rows; and (5) clipping and mounting a plurality of separate photovoltaic modules on said photovoltaic support members. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein said modules are mounted by channels with a flat base and separated stems which are proportioned to capture the heads of fasteners extending upwardly from said spanning members. 18. The method of claim 16 wherein the support elements of said first row are frontal support elements positioned in the earth to withstand lateral forces and have a sufficient transverse area to provide lateral ground loading. 19. The method of claim 16 wherein a plurality of the support elements of said second row are rearward support elements structured to withstand vertical loading and are augered into the earth. 