An air conditioning unit for use in the cooling of persons includes a fan secured below the person's neck. A moistened foam necklace may be wrapped around the neck or a moistened foam pad otherwise positioned between the fan and the neck of the user. The fan of the air conditioning unit includes a frame, an electric motor mounted on the frame, a fan blade operably connected with the motor and rotatable by the motor for moving air, a battery or other power source operably connected with the motor for actuation thereof, and a switch operably connected between the battery or power source and the motor for controlling the actuation of the motor. Furthermore, the air conditioning unit includes a flexible element attached to the frame, the flexible element being constructed and arranged to be worn around the user's neck so that air generated by the moving fan blade moves against the neck area after being evaporatively cooled by the foam necklace or pad.
Claims What I claim is: 1. An air conditioning unit for use in the cooling of persons comprising: a fan means for blowing air in a direction including a) a frame, b) an electric motor mounted on said frame, c) a fan blade operably connected with said motor and rotatable thereby for moving air, d) a power source operably connected with said motor for actuation thereof, and e) a switch means operably connected between said power source and said motor for controlling the actuation of said motor; a flexible element attached to said fan means and adapted to be worn around a back of a user's neck so as to suspend said frame in a position whereby the direction of the air moved by said fan means is against the neck area; and a foam pad positioned in front of the user's neck which is moistened to cooperate with said moving air to provide evaporatively cooled air blown by said fan means to the user's neck and head, said foam pad including a mounting means for adjustably mounting said foam pad to said flexible element between said fan means and the user's neck. 2. The invention of claim 1 further comprising a clip means on said unit to clip the frame in place on a user's clothing. 3. The invention of claim 1 wherein said power source in a D.C. battery. 4. The invention of claim 1 wherein said power source is a plurality of solar cells. 5. The invention of claim 1 and further including a clip means mounted on the frame for adjustably mounting said flexible element to said frame. 6. The invention of claim 1 wherein said mounting means includes a slot on respective sides of said foam pad in which respective portions of said flexible element are resiliently received. 7. The invention of claim 1 wherein said mounting means includes a slot on respective sides of said foam pad in which respective portions of said flexible element are received and a respective holding means for releasably holding said respective portions of said flexible element in associated said slots. 8. The invention of claim 1 wherein said foam pad includes a series of apertures therein through which the air blown by said fans means directly passes. 9. The invention of claim 1 and further comprising a clip means on said unit to clip said fan means in place on a user's clothing. 10. The invention of claim 9 wherein said foam pad includes a series of apertures therein through which the air blown by said fans means directly passes. 11. An air conditioning unit for use in the cooling of persons comprising: a fan means for blowing air in a direction including a) a frame, b) an electric motor mounted on said frame, c) a fan blade operably connected with said motor and rotatable thereby for moving air, d) a power source operably connected with said motor for actuation thereof, and e) a switch means operably connected between said power source and said motor for controlling the actuation of said motor; a flexible element attached to said fan means and adapted to be worn around a back of a user's neck so as to suspend said frame in a position whereby the direction of the air moved by said fan means is against the neck area; and a foam pad positioned in front of the user's neck which is moistened to cooperate with said moving air to provide evaporatively cooled air blown by said fan means to the user's neck and head, said foam pad including a second flexible element to which said foam pad is attached whereby said second flexible element is worn around a back of the neck of the user to adjustably mount said foam pad between said fan means and the user's neck. 12. The invention of claim 11 further comprising a clip means on said unit to clip the frame in place on a user's clothing. 13. The invention of claim 11 wherein said power source is a D.C. battery. 14. The invention of claim 11 wherein said power source is a plurality of solar cells. 15. The invention of claim 11 and further including a clip means mounted on the frame for adjustably mounting said flexible element to said frame. 16. The invention of claim 11 wherein said foam pad includes a series of apertures therein through which the air blown by said fans means directly passes. 17. The invention of claim 11 and further comprising a clip means on said unit to clip said fan means in place on a user's clothing. 18. An air conditioning unit for use in the cooling of persons comprising: a fan means for blowing air in a direction including a) a frame, b) an electric motor mounted on said frame, c) a fan blade operably connected with said motor and rotatable thereby for moving air, d) a power source operably connected with said motor for actuation thereof, and e) a switch means operably connected between said power source and said motor for controlling the actuation of said motor; a flexible element attached to said fan means and adapted to be worn around a back of a user'neck so as to suspend said frame in a position whereby the direction of the air moved by said fan means is against the neck area; and a foam pad positioned in front of the user's neck which is moistened to cooperate with said moving air to provide evaporatively cooled air blown by said fan means to the user's neck and head, said foam pad including a mounting means for adjustably mounting said foam pad to said fan means between said fan means and the user's neck. 19. The invention of claim 18 further comprising a clip means on said unit to clip the frame in place on a user's clothing. 20. The invention of claim 18 wherein said power source is a D.C. battery. 21. The invention of claim 18 wherein said power source is a plurality of solar cells. 22. The invention of claim 18 and further including a clip means mounted on the frame for adjustably mounting said flexible element to said frame. 23. The invention of claim 18 wherein said foam pad includes a series of apertures therein through which the air blown by said fans means directly passes. 24. The invention of claim 18 and further comprising a clip means on said unit to clip said fan means in place on a user's clothing. 