An apparatus is arranged with a rigid support post mounting a drive motor at an upper distal end thereof, with the drive motor including an output shaft orthogonally oriented relative to the front wall of the post rotatably mounting an arm thereon. The arm includes respective first and second whistling members mounted tangentially relative to a circle of rotation defined by rotation of the arm to effect a repelling of deer and the like thereabout. A modification of the invention includes a disc member mounted concentrically relative to the output shaft of the drive motor, with the disc including weighted members radially directed relative to the output shaft to effect vibration directed through the support posts to discourage and repel subterranean pests.
Claims What is claimed as being new and desired to be protected by Letters Patent of the United States is as follows: 1. A deer repelling apparatus, comprising, a rigid support post, the rigid support post including an upper distal end and a front wall, and a mounting plate mounted to the upper distal end, and a drive motor fixedly secured to the mounting plate, with the drive motor including an output shaft, and electrical power supply directed through the drive motor, and a mounting arm medially and orthogonally intersecting and fixedly secured to the output shaft, and the mounting arm including an arm first end and an arm second end, the arm first end and the arm second end spaced an equal predetermined spacing relative to the output shaft, the arm first end including a first whistle member, and the arm second end including a second whistle member. 2. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein the output shaft is orthogonally oriented relative to the support post front wall and extends beyond the support post front wall. 3. An apparatus as set forth in claim 2 wherein the first whistle member and the second whistle member are tangentially aligned relative to a predetermined circle defined by rotation of the mounting arm first end and the mounting arm second end. 4. An apparatus as set forth in claim 3 including a support disc, the support disc concentrically mounted relative to and fixedly secured to the output shaft positioned adjacent the mounting arm and rearwardly thereof between the mounting arm and the drive motor, the support disc including a diametrically aligned slot mounted within the support disc, wherein the slot is orthogonally oriented relative to the mounting arm and wherein the slot includes a first weight member and a second weight member, the first weight member and the second weight member slidably and adjustably mounted within the slot and positioned on opposed sides of the mounting arm to impart vibration through the support post. 5. An apparatus as set forth in claim 4 wherein the electrical power supply includes an on/off switch and a plurality of storage batteries mounted within the support post, and a solar collector cell mounted in electrical communication with the batteries to provide for electrical replenishment of the batteries during use. 