Heat from heat-generating components (13) requiring cooling in a space vehicle (2) is transferred to a heat radiator (5) through a heat-conductive cylinder (3) and heat-conductive sleeve (6) in thermal-communication contact between the heat radiator (5) and a base plate (1). Heat can be conducted to the heat-conductive cylinder (3) through a flexible heat conductor (14) in the form of a flexible heat-strap or a rigid heat conductor with flexible connection at either or both ends. The base plate (1) can be attachable to the outside or to the inside surface of an exterior portion of the space vehicle (2). If attachable to the inside surface, the entire thermal-control device can be extendable from an inside position in the vehicle. A cold plate (24) with optional laser-beam and heat-deflective construction can be positioned at the opposite side of the heat radiator (5) from the base plate (1) and can be swivelable to maximize resistance of sun heat or hostile laser beams. The space vehicle can be any form of spinning or non-spinning satellite or a space-transportation vehicle.
Claims Having thus described my invention, I claim: 1. A spacecraft thermal-control apparatus comprising: a base attachable to an exterior portion of a spacecraft; a heat radiator positionable at a select distance from the base and attachable to the base with support means; a heat-conductive sleeve in heat-conductive attachment to the heat radiator; a heat-conductive cylinder in heat-communication relationship between the base and an inside periphery of the heat-conductive sleeve; and a heat-conductor in heat-communication relationship between the heat-conductive sleeve and components of the spacecraft requiring cooling. 2. A spacecraft thermal-control apparatus according to claim 1 wherein an inside periphery of the heat-conductive sleeve is in slidable contact with an outside periphery of the heat-conductive cylinder. 3. A spacecraft thermal-control apparatus according to claim 1 and further comprising: a heat-conductive head of the heat-conductive cylinder attachable to the base. 4. A spacecraft thermal-control apparatus according to claim 1 and further comprising: a heat-conductive plate in heat-conductive contact with the heat radiator and a radiator-end portion of the heat-conductive cylinder. 5. A spacecraft thermal-control apparatus according to claim 1 wherein a surface of the radiator is coated and polished appropriately for achieving a select heat-mirror effect. 6. A spacecraft thermal-control apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the heat-conductive sleeve is a select graphite-epoxy material. 7. A spacecraft thermal-control apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the heat-conductive cylinder is a select high-heat-conductive aluminum alloy. 8. A spacecraft thermal-control apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the base is a heat-resistive material and the heat conductor is in heat-communication relationship with a heat-conductive-cylinder head of the heat-conductive cylinder. 9. A spacecraft thermal-control apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the base is selectively heat-conductive and is in heat-communication with the heat conductor. 10. A spacecraft thermal-control apparatus according to claim 1 wherein walls of the heat-conductive sleeve, the heat-conductive cylinder, the heat radiator and the base are sized and shaped for positioning heat-source equipment requiring heat dissipation inside of a thermal-control enclosure formed by said walls. 11. A spacecraft thermal-control apparatus according to claim 10 wherein the said heat-source equipment is in heat-communication relationship with select inside walls of the said thermal-control enclosure. 12. A spacecraft thermal-control apparatus according to claim 1 and further comprising: a select high-heat-conductive material such as indium and other materials of the fusible-metal type in heat conductive contact between the heat conductor and a select portion of the of the heat-conductive cylinder. 13. A spacecraft thermal-control apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the heat-conductive sleeve is comprised of a material with a coefficient of thermal expansion of the heat-conductive cylinder. 14. A spacecraft thermal-control apparatus according to claim 1 and further comprising: a central radiator support member in selectively-contractible fastener relationship between the base and the radiator. 15. A spacecraft thermal-control apparatus according to claim 14 and further comprising: walls of the heat-conductive sleeve, the heat-conductive cylinder, the heat radiator and the base which are sized and shaped for positioning heat-source equipment requiring heat dissipation inside of a thermal-control enclosure formed by said walls; and selectively low thermal conductivity of the central radiator support member. 16. A spacecraft thermal-control apparatus according to claim 1 wherein attachment of the base to the spacecraft is flexural. 17. A spacecraft thermal-control apparatus according to claim 1 wherein flexural attachment of the base to the spacecraft is comprised of a selectively over-size slotted fastener orifice in the base and a fastener insertable therein in fastener relationship between he base and a select portion of an exterior of the spacecraft. 18. A spacecraft thermal-control apparatus according to claim 1 wherein flexural attachment of the base to the spacecraft is comprised of selectively resilient attachment members in fastener relationship between a select portion of the base and a select portion of the spacecraft. 19. A spacecraft thermal-control apparatus according to claim 1 and further comprising fastener members in selectively-biased fastener relationship between the base and the radiator at a position outside of the heat-conductive cylinder. 20. A spacecraft thermal-control apparatus according to claim 1 and further comprising: a cold plate positionable at a select distance from the radiator; and a heat conductor in heat-communication relationship between the heat radiator and the cold plate. 21. A spacecraft thermal-control apparatus according to claim 20 and further comprising: selectively-swivelable contact of the cold plate to the heat radiator. 22. A spacecraft thermal control apparatus according to claim 20 wherein a surface of an opposite side of the cold plate from the heat rediator is selectively shaped and constructed to deflect hostile laser beams and solar heat. 23. A spacecraft thermal control apparatus according to claim 21 wherein a surface of an opposite side of the cold plate from the heat radiator is selectively shaped and constructed to deflect hostile laser beams and solar heat. 24. A spacecraft thermal control apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the exterior poriton of the spacecraft to which the base is attachable is on an inside periphery of the exterior portion of the spacecraft and further comprising: a thermal-control-unit orifice sized and shaped to allow passage of a select portion of the spacecraft thermal-control apparatus; thermal-control-unit-extension ways in slidable contract with the base in the spacecraft; and an attachment surface at an inside portion of the exterior of the spacecraft. 25. A spacecraft thermal-control apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the spacecraft is an orbital satellite having a relatively non-spinning portion for attachment thereto. 26. A spacecraft thermal control apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the spacecraft is a transportation space vehicle having suitable portion for attachment thereto. 27. A spacecraft thermal control apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the heat conductor is a flexible heat-strap. 28. A spacecraft thermal control apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the heat conductor is a rigid heat conductor of a select type with a flexible portion between heat-source components and the heat radiator. 29. A spacecraft thermal control apparatus according to claim 1 and further comprising: walls of the heat-conductive sleeve, the heat-conductive cylinder, the heat radiator and the base which are sized and shaped for positioning heat-source equipment requiring heat dissipation inside of a thermal-control enclosure formed by said walls and wherein a thermal switch incorporated into a space-qualified electronics box is positionable within the said thermal-control enclosure. 30. A method for construction of a spacecraft heat-control apparatus consisting of: a base attachable to an exterior portion of a spacecraft; a heat radiator positionable at a select distance from the base and attachable to the base with support means; a heat-conductive sleeve in heat-conductive attachment to the heat radiator; a heat-conductive cylinder in heat-communication relationship between the base and an inside periphery of the heat-conductive sleeve; and a heat-conductor in heat-communication relationship between the heat-conductive sleeve and components of the spacecraft requiring cooling; consisting of the following steps: a. fabricating the heat-conductive cylinder to design specifications; b. forming the heat-conductive sleeve with inside diameter selectively fitting the outside diameter of the heat-conductive-cylinder walls; c. bonding the radiator to an outside end of the heat conductive sleeve, using a bonding method that does not distort dimensions of the heat-conductive sleeves; d. bonding the circular aluminum plate to the base at a temperature selectively above the temperature for fabrication of the heat-conductive sleeve; e. installing support-fastener members in contact between the base and the heat radiator at a selectively-elevated temperature; f. mounting the parts assembled above to a spacecraft with a flexural connection; and g. positioning the heat conductor in selectively-flexible heat-communication contact between select components on the spacecraft and the heat-conductive cylinder. 31. A method according to claim 31 wherein the order of steps b. and c. are reversed such that the heat-conductive sleeve is bonded to the heat plate before its inside periphery is fitted to the outside periphery of the heat-conductive cylinder. 