A multichannel imaging spectrometer for low speed, low altitude airborne geological, geophysical and environmental surveys, particularly adapted to provide detector limited noise threshold. An optical scanner employs a rotating polygon allowing reduced scan optics with increased data acquisition efficiency. Scan speeds from 5 to 50 scan/sec with up to 2048 pixels per scan are available. Multiple spectrometers integrally registered allow channelization of the received signal to optimize noise performance in the range from ultraviolet through infrared. Output data is in a form for recording and real time display. All channels are acquired simultaneously resulting in perfect band-to-band registration with continuous spectral curves for each pixel.
Claims Embodiments of an invention in which an exclusive property or right is claimed is defined as follows: 1. A geological, geophysical, and environmental survey instrument adapted for use with an airborne vehicle, comprising: optical imaging means, comprising: wide-angle rotating mirror means having a plurality of reflective surfaces for providing a substantially continuous image with respect to time of radiant spectral emissions at a predetermined angular field of view, and first fixed mirror means for redirecting said image of spectral emissions from said rotating mirror means through an aperture to collimating means for providing a collimated output thereof; spectrometer means, comprising second fixed mirror means angularly disposed for directing said collimated output to first beam splitter means, said first beam splitter means integrally located in the optical path of said collimating means for receiving said output and for providing at least first and second bands of spectral emissions having different predetermined wavelengths to diffraction grating means, said diffraction grating means selectively responsive to a corresponding one of said at least first and second bands of spectral emissions for providing a predetermined angular dispersion of said spectral emissions at said different predetermined wavelengths, the number and bandwidth of said dispersed spectral emissions selected for maximizing a detection threshold for a given noise equivalent temperature difference; detector means, comprised of a plurality of photoresponsive sensing elements configured in a line array, each of said sensing elements so constructed and adapted for responding to a given bandwidth of spectral emissions and spatially disposed for alignment with one of said angularly dispersed spectral emissions, said sensing elements being incrementally spaced in proportion to a given wavelength to which each of said elements are responsive, for providing a signal representative of a given spectral emission amplitude as a function of wavelength, said diffraction grating means and said detector means cooperating in alignment to maintain registration of said angularly disposed spectral emissions with predetermined ones of said plurality of sensing elements; and signal processing means simultaneously operative for each of said sensing elements, comprising means for averaging and holding a detected signal at a substantially constant value to provide a continuous signal output for a predetermined period of time, means for periodically sampling said continuous signal output in synchronism with rotation of said rotating mirror means and for producing an updated sample corresponding to the interval between successive pixels as said mirror means traverses said angular field of view, and an analog-to-digital converter, thereby to provide a continuous signal output in digital form at each of said sensed spectral wavelengths. 2. A geological, geophysical, and environmental survey instrument as set forth in claim 1, said spectrometer means further comprising: thermal imaging spectrometer means comprising second beam splitter means angularly disposed in the optical path of said first beam splitter means, for dividing said first band of spectral emissions into third and fourth bands of spectral emissions at different predetermined wavelengths; said diffraction grating means comprised of first, second and third diffraction grating means operative at respective first, second and third subbands responsive to infrared spectra; said first grating means disposed at a predetermined angle of incidence with respect to the horizontal plane such that spectrally dispersed emissions of said first subband are directed at first focusing lens means for focusing said spectrally dispersed emissions from said first grating means to be incident upon at least three corresponding sensing elements of said detector means, said three elements responsive to predetermined bandwidths, said first subband comprising wavelengths between 3 to 5 um; further comprising third beam splitter means angularly disposed with respect to the horizontal plane to respond to said fourth band of spectral emissions and to direct at least a first portion thereof to said second grating means, said second grating means angularly disposed with respect to the horizontal plane such that spectrally dispersed emissions of said second subband are directed at second focusing lens means for focusing said portion to be incident upon at least 12 corresponding sensing elements of said detector means, said twelve elements responsive to predetermined bandwidths, said second subband comprising wavelengths between 10 to 12 um; said third diffraction grating means angularly disposed with respect to said third beam splitter means to respond to a portion other than said first portion of said fourth band of spectral emissions and to direct said other portion to third focusing lens means for focusing emissions of said third subband to be incident upon at least a further 12 corresponding sensing elements of said detector means, said third subband comprising wavelengths between 8-10 um; and housing means enclosing each of said sensing elements and containing cooling means for passively cooling each of said sensing elements responsive to said first, second, and third wavelength subbands; said second band of spectral emissions directed by said first beam splitter means to a fourth focusing means for focusing emissions incident thereupon to be incident upon at least one sensing element of said detector means responsive over a bandwidth of 0.4 to 1.0 um. 3. Spectrometer means as set forth in claim 2, said first lens means being comprised of zinc selenide and having an optical bandwidth of at least 3-5 um; said second lens means being comprised of germanium and having an optical bandwidth of at least 10-12 um; and said third lens means being comprised of germanium and having an optical bandwidth of at least 8-10 um. 4. Spectrometer means as set forth in claim 3, said sensing elements responsive to the 3-5 um wavelength subband being comprised of indium antimonide; said sensing elements responsive to the 8-10 um wavelength subband and the 10-12 um subband being comprised of mercury cadmium telluride; and said sensing elements responsive to the second band of spectral emissions being comprised of silicon. 5. Spectrometer means as set forth in claim 4, further comprising bandpass filter means, a plurality of said sensing elements defining a given optical bandwidth being exposed through said bandpass filter means, the bandwidth of said filter means being selected to complement the response of said sensing elements and further define at least one of said infrared subbands within predetermined limits by permitting passage of spectral emissions within said given bandwidth and substantially opposing passage of spectral emissions outside said given bandwidth. 6. Spectrometer means as set forth in claim 5, wherein at least one of said sensing elements comprises a photoresponsive detector. 7. Spectrometer means as set forth in claim 6, wherein at least one of said sensing elements comprises a photovoltaic detector. 8. Spectrometer means as set forth in claims 6, wherein at least one of said sensing elements comprises a photoconductive detector. 9. Spectrometer means as set forth in claim 6, further comprising cold shield means for restricting the field of view of said sensing elements defining a given optical bandwidth. 10. A collimating lens as set forth in claim 1, wherein said lens is comprised of zinc selenide and optically coated to provide at least a bandwidth of 0.6-12 um. 11. Spectrometer means as set forth in claim 1, wherein at least one of said first and second bands of spectral emissions are contiguously disposed. 12. Spectrometer means as set forth in claim 1, wherein at least one of said first and second bands of spectral emissions are not contiguously disposed. 13. A geophysical, geological, and environmental survey instrument as set forth in claim 1, further comprising recording means responsive to said signal in digital form for each of said sensed spectral wavelengths, for recording data represented by a plurality of signals from said detector means. 14. A geophysical, geophysical, and environmental survey instrument as set forth in claim 13, further comprising video monitor means responsive to said signal in digital form at each of said sensed spectral frequencies, for selectively providing a pixel-by-pixel display of at least one of said signals as a function of amplitude of said spectral emissions and their wavelength. 15. A geophysical, geophysical, and environmental survey instrument as set forth in claim 14, further including timing control means for producing a control signal corresponding to the duration said detector means is exposed to spectral emissions from a given pixel, synchronized with said rotating mirror means, for controlling said means for holding a detected signal, said means for periodically sampling, and said analog-to-digital converter; said timing control means further including a byte select control signal for providing a further control signal corresponding to the duration of a scan interval. 16. A geophysical, geological, and environmental survey instrument as set forth in claim 15, wherein said analog-to-digital converter means is adapted to provide a 16-bit digital output signal and comprising buffer means responsive to said 16-bit digital signal for converting said 16-bit signal into two sequential 8-bit bytes in response to said byte select control signal; said signal processing means further comprising first and second random access memory means alternately and sequentially responsive to said sequential 8-bit bytes for writing a sequence of 8-bit high and 8-bit low digital signals into a first one of said memory means while reading into data processing means and recording means from said second one of said memory means a previously stored sequence of sequential 8-bit bytes. 17. A geological, geophysical, and environmental survey instrument as set forth in claim 1, wherein said collimating means is disposed with respect to said aperture outside the focal point of said collimating means, whereby aberrated rays from said aperture are further collimated to enhance collection of optical flux, as compared to disposing said aperture at said focal point, while central rays from said aperture are not fully collimated. 