A noseshade for monitoring exposure to UV radiation comprises a contoured portion (100) having a clip (102) for attachment to a pair of glasses. The contoured portion of the noseshade incorporates a digital LCD (104), an information-display key (106), and input keys (108 and 110). A UV-enhanced photovoltaic photodetector (122) having a built-in amplifier (124) is mounted into the contoured portion of the noseshade, which also houses solar cells (112 and 114) and a microcontroller (118). The inner portion of the clip contains a pressure-sensitive switch (107) for activation of the solar cells.
Claims What I claim is: 1. A noseshade for monitoring a subject's exposure to UV radiation, comprising: a contoured portion, having clip-on means for attaching said contoured portion to a pair of glasses; and a UV dosimeter incorporated into said contoured portion. 2. The noseshade of claim 1 wherein said UV dosimeter comprises: logic means for determining a threshold absorption dose of UV radiation; data-input means for entering data into said logic means, said data comprising said subject's skin type and skin protection factor; display means for displaying information, said information including a total UV energy dose accumulated by said subject and said subject's skin type rating; radiation-measuring means for measuring incident UV radiation and converting said radiation to electrical signals to be processed by said logic means; alarm means for issuing an audible signal indicating the accumulation of said threshold absorption dose of UV radiation; power-supply means for powering said logic means, said data-input means, said display means, said radiation-measuring means, and said alarm means; and circuit conductor means for electronically connecting said logic means, said data-input means, said display means, said radiation-measuring means, said power-supply means, and said alarm means. 3. The noseshade of claim 1 further including switching means for activating said UV dosimeter. 4. The noseshade of claim 3 wherein said switching means is a pressure-sensitive switch. 5. The noseshade of claim 2 wherein said logic means comprises a central processing unit, a read-only-memory, a read-and-write memory, a clock, and an electronic driver unit. 6. The noseshade of claim 2 wherein said alarm means includes a sound-generating piezoelectric element. 7. The noseshade of claim 2 wherein said data-input means comprises a plurality of switches. 8. The noseshade of claim 2 wherein said display means comprises a digital LCD. 9. The noseshade of claim 8 wherein said display means further includes pushbutton means for activating said digital LCD. 10. The noseshade of claim 2 wherein said radiation-measuring means comprises a dual UV-enhanced photovoltaic photodetector, a plurality of bandpass filters, and an operating amplifier, said plurality of bandpass filters being arranged to transmit only UV-A and UV-B ranges of incident solar radiation to said UV enhanced photovoltaic photodetector. 11. The noseshade of claim 2 wherein said power-supply means comprises a plurality of solar cells. 12. The noseshade of claim 2 wherein said logic means is a complimentary metal oxide semiconductor (CMOS) structure. 13. A noseshade for monitoring a subject's exposure to UV radiation, comprising: a contoured portion having clip-on means for attachment to a pair of glasses; a microcontroller including a central processing unit, a read-only memory, a read-and-write memory, a clock, and an electronic driver, said microcontroller being programmed to determine a threshold absorption dose of UV radiation, said microcontroller being incorporated into said contoured portion; a skin-type input switch and skin protection factor input switch, said switches being mounted into said contoured portion; a liquid-crystal display incorporated into said contoured portion, said digital LCD being able to display a total UV energy dose accumulated by said subject, said digital LCD also being able to display said subject's skin type; radiation-measuring means for measuring incident UV radiation and converting said radiation to electrical signals to be processed by said microcontroller; a plurality of solar cells having a pressure sensitive activation switch incorporated in said clip-on means; alarm means for issuing an audible signal indicating the attainment of said threshold absorption dose of UV radiation; and circuit conductor means for electronically connecting said microcontroller, said input switches, said digital LCD, said radiation-measuring means, an operational amplifier, said plurality of solar cells, and said alarm means. 14. The noseshade of claim 13 wherein said radiation-measuring means comprise a dual UV-enhanced photovoltaic photodetector, a plurality of bandpass filters, and an operational amplifier. 15. The noseshade of claim 14 wherein said plurality of bandpass filters comprises UV-A-type and UV-B-type filters. 16. The noseshade of claim 13 wherein said alarm means includes a sound-generating piezoelectric element. 17. The noseshade of claim 13 wherein said digital LCD further includes push-button means for activating said digital LCD. 18. The noseshade of claim 13 wherein said microcontroller is a complimentary metal oxide semiconductor (CMOS) structure. 