A solar radiation sensor of the type including a case, a filter provided on an upper surface of the case, and a photodetector disposed in the case for detecting the quantity of solar radiation coming through the filter, wherein the filter has a knurled inside surface for irregularly reflecting incident light, and the photodetector has a light-receiving surface extending obliquely at a predetermined angle of inclination whereby a proper sensitivity to oblique incident light can be maintained even when the sensor is mounted on a flat surface.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar radiation sensor mounted on an upper surface of the instrument panel of a motor vehicle for detecting the quantity of solar radiation incident upon the sensor through a window of the motor vehicle, said solar radiation sensor comprising: (a) a base having an oblique portion sloping at a predetermined angle with respect to a horizontal plane, and a lead attachment portion extending downwardly from said oblique portion; (b) a case covering said oblique portion and attached to said base via an attachment means; (c) a filter provided on an upper surface of said case and having a knurled inside surface for irregularly reflecting incident light; and (d) a photodetector disposed on said oblique portion of said base. 2. A solar radiation sensor according to claim 1 wherein said attachment means comprises at least one locking projection provided on a peripheral wall of said base and a retaining recess formed in said case and lockingly engageable with said locking projection to join said base and said case. 3. A solar radiation sensor according to claim 1 wherein said case has a mounting flange for being attached to the instrument panel of the motor vehicle. 4. A solar radiation sensor according to claim 1 wherein said filter has an upper surface gradually curved downwards in a radial outward direction. 5. A solar radiation sensor according to claim 1 wherein said knurled inside surface includes a multiplicity of quadrilateral pyramidal projections arranged in rows and columns. 6. A solar radiation sensor according to claim 1 wherein sand knurled inside surface having a number of circular rows of projections arranged concentrically about a center, said center being disposed substantially in confrontation to said photodetector. 7. A solar radiation sensor according to claim 1 wherein said photodetector disposed on said oblique portion is inclined at an angle of 30 degrees from a horizontal position toward the front side of the motor vehicle. 