To provide a method and a device for removing a piece of debris moving in space at an orbital velocity in an orbit about the earth which function as simply as possible and are economical, it is proposed that the piece of debris be irradiated with radiation to bring about vaporization of the debris material, and that the piece of debris be removed from its orbit about the earth by the vaporization of the material, and that the device comprise a radiation source for generating the radiation which brings about the vaporization of the debris material, and that an aiming means be provided for applying the radiation to the piece of debris moving in the orbit about the earth.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Method of removing a piece of debris moving in space at an orbital velocity in an orbit about the earth, comprising the steps of: generating radiation; irradiating the piece of debris with said radiation to bring about vaporization of the debris material, and removing the piece of debris from its orbit about the earth by the vaporization of the material. 2. Method as defined in claim 1, characterized in that a debris remainder is created during the vaporization of the material and is moved into a path differing from said orbit about the earth by the recoil which occurs during the vaporization of the material. 3. Method as defined in claim 2, characterized in that the vaporization of the material imparts to said debris remainder an acceleration which changes its orbital velocity. 4. Method as defined in claim 2, characterized in that said debris remainder is moved into a path of descent. 5. Method as defined in claim 2, characterized in that said debris remainder is moved into a path of escape. 6. Method as defined in claim 1, characterized in that a beaming direction of the radiation bringing about vaporization of the debris material includes with the direction of the orbital velocity an angle which differs from 90 degrees. 7. Method as defined in claim 1, characterized in that the radiation is focussed on said piece of debris to bring about vaporization of the material. 8. Method as defined in claim 1, characterized in that the radiation is beamed onto said piece of debris in the form of a train of radiation pulses. 9. Method as defined in claim 1, characterized in that electromagnetic radiation, in particular laser radiation, is used as radiation for bringing about vaporization of the debris material. 10. Method as defined in claim 1, characterized in that an opening with plasma formation is made in the vapor of the debris material. 11. Method as defined in claim 10, characterized in that the debris material is made to vaporize by a first radiation pulse and the opening with plasma formation is made in the vapor by a second, subsequent radiation pulse. 12. Method as defined in claim 1, characterized in that said piece of debris is identified and its path determined with radar. 13. Method as defined in claim 1, characterized in that said piece of debris is identified and its path determined with LIDAR. 14. Method as defined in claim 13, characterized in that the laser emitting the laser radiation which brings about vaporization of the material is used as LIDAR beam source. 15. Method as defined in claim 1, characterized in that the radiation bringing about vaporization of the debris material is generated with solar energy. 16. In combination with a space vehicle, a device for removing a piece of debris moving in space at an orbital velocity in an orbit about the earth, comprising: a radiation source for generating radiation for bringing about vaporization of the debris material, means for mounting said radiation source to and space vehicle, and aiming means provided on said space vehicle for applying the radiation to said piece of debris moving in said orbit about the earth. 17. Device as defined in claim 16, characterized in that the radiation can be focussed on said piece of debris with an optical focusing means. 18. Device as defined in claim 16, characterized in that said aiming means comprises a radiation-guiding optical means for following said piece of debris with the radiation in said orbit about the earth. 19. Device as defined in claim 18, characterized in that said aiming means comprises an automatic target tracking means for controlling said radiation-guiding optical means. 20. Device as defined in claim 19, characterized in that said target tracking means operates with non-linear optical elements. 21. Device as defined in claim 16, characterized in that said aiming means comprises a mirror telescope. 22. Device as defined in claim 21, characterized in that said mirror telescope is pivotable relative to said radiation source. 23. Device as defined in claim 21, characterized in that the focusing of said mirror telescope is controlled by said aiming means. 24. Device as defined in claim 16, characterized in that said aiming means comprises a debris recognition means. 25. Device as defined in claim 24, characterized in that said debris recognition means operates with LIDAR. 26. Device as defined in claim 25, characterized in that the LIDAR operates with the radiation which brings about the vaporization of the debris material. 27. Device as defined in claim 26, characterized in that the LIDAR operates with the defocussed radiation which brings about the vaporization of the debris material. 28. Device as defined in claim 16, characterized in that said radiation source is a laser. 29. Device as defined in claim 28, characterized in that said laser is a solid-state laser. 30. Device as defined in claim 16, characterized in that said device is energized by solar cells. 31. Device as defined in claim 16, characterized in that said device comprises an energy accumulator, in particular in the form of a capacitor bank. 