A system and process for forming optical quality, protective, relatively thick, thin film coatings on workpieces such as detectors or solar cells. The apparatus includes a rotary cylindrical sputtering system which incorporates separate deposition devices and at least one chemical reaction device for simultaneously (1) depositing materials which form tensile and compressive oxides and (2) oxidizing the deposited materials. The system also includes a stressometer system, preferably a cantilevered beam stressometer system which monitors the stress of the depositing film in-situ. The monitored stress levels are used to control the relative amounts of compressive and tensile materials which are deposited and, thus, control stress in the thin film coatings. In a preferred embodiment for forming protective covers on solar cells, the deposition devices are linear magnetron sputter cathode devices having silicon and aluminum targets, and the reaction device is a linear magnetron ion source oxidizer device. Film stress in the thin film coating is controlled by controlling power to the silicon and aluminum targets.
Claims We claim: 1. A physical vapor deposition process for forming a coating on a substrate, comprising: simultaneously depositing and oxidizing at least two materials on the substrate to form a thin film coating thereon, said materials being selected from at least one material which imparts compressive force characteristics to the coating and at least one material which imparts tensile force characteristics to the coating; monitoring the stress in the coating during formation thereof; and, responsive to the monitored stress, adjusting the relative deposited amount of said materials as they are being deposited to control the stress in the coating as it is being formed. 2. A process for forming a coating on a substrate, comprising: providing drum means adapted for mounting substrates thereon; rotating the drum means to rotate the substrate past circumferential work stations; using deposition devices adjacent the circumference of the drum, depositing onto the substrates at least a first material which imparts tensile force characteristics to the substrates and at least a second material which imparts compressive force characteristics to the substrates; oxidizing the materials as they are deposited; using a cantilever beam stressometer system which includes a cantilever reflector means mounted on the drum, monitoring the stress levels of the coating in-situ as it is formed; and responsive to the monitoring stress, controlling the amount of compressive and tensile materials as they are being deposited on the substrate to control the stress in the coating. 3. The process of claim 1 or 2, wherein the materials are silicon and aluminum. 4. The process of claim 1 or 2, wherein the substrate is an optical detector. 5. The process of claim 1 or 2, wherein the substrate is a solar cell. 6. Physical vapor deposition apparatus for forming a coating on a substrate, comprising: means for simultaneously depositing at least two materials on the substrate and oxidizing the materials to form a thin film coating thereon, said means comprising at least a first means for depositing a material which imparts compressive force characteristics to the coating and at least a second means for depositing a material which imparts tensile force characteristics to the coating; means for monitoring the stress level in the coating during formation thereof; and means responsive to the monitored stress level for controlling the operation of the deposition means to control the relative amounts of said materials being deposited during the deposition process in response to the stress level measurements during the deposition process and thereby adjust the stress in the coating during the deposition process. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein the first deposition means is adapted for depositing silicon and the second deposition means is adapted for depositing aluminum. 8. The apparatus of claim 6 or 7, wherein the substrate is an optical detector. 9. The process of claim 6 or 7, wherein the substrate is a solar cell. 10. Physical vapor deposition apparatus for forming a coating on a substrate, comprising: drum means adapted for mounting substrates thereon and for rotating the substrates past circumferential work stations; at least a pair of deposition devices positioned adjacent the circumference of the drum, at least a first one of the deposition devices being adapted for depositing on the substrate a material for imparting tensile force characteristics to the coating and at least a second of the devices being adapted for simultaneously depositing on the substrate a material for imparting compressive force characteristics to the coating; at least one reaction device located at the circumference of the drum for oxidizing the materials as they are deposited; cantilever beam stressometer means including a cantilever reflector beam mounted on the drum for monitoring the stress of the depositing film in-situ as it is formed; and means responsive to the monitored stress levels for controlling the amount of compressive and tensile materials as they are being deposited on the substrate to thereby control the coating stress. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the first deposition means is adapted for depositing silicon and the second deposition means is adapted for depositing aluminum. 12. The apparatus of claim 10 or 11, wherein the substrate is an optical detector. 13. The process of claim 10 or 11, wherein the substrate is a solar cell. 