An intrusion detection system employing multiple bistatic microwave links and wireless means for remotely interrogating each link to provide alarm and status information at a central station.
Claims I claim: 1. An intrusion detection system comprising: a plurality of microwave links, each defined by an operationally coupled transmitter and receiver, deployed to define a detection boundary; said transmitter including an antenna for transmitting a microwave carrier signal, a status encoder for applying normal status information to said carrier signal representative of a normal operational status of that transmitter, and fault mirror means responsive to a fault condition at that transmitter for inhibiting the application of said normal status information to said carrier signal; said receiver including an antenna oriented to receive said microwave carrier signal from the transmitter operationally coupled thereto, a processor for producing an alarm output responsive to an intrusion across the link associated with that receiver, and a status decoder for producing a status normal output responsive to said normal status information carried by said carrier signal; and central station means located remote from said receiver and in wireless communication therewith for displaying the alarm outputs produced for each link. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said receiver includes means for producing a status output representative of the operational status of that receiver; and wherein said receiver includes an RF transceiver means for transmitting alarm and status output information to said central means. 3. The system of claim 2 wherein said central station means includes RF transceiver means and means for periodically interrogating said receiver to initiate transmission of alarm and status information therefrom. 4. The system of claim 1 further including portable central receiver means adapted to be carried by field personnel, said central receiver means including display means for displaying alarm output information with respect to each link, and wherein, said central station means remotely controls said central receiver means display means. 5. The system of claim 2 wherein said central station means includes means for displaying an accumulated alarm count representative of the number of intrusions across the associated link. 6. The system of claim 5 wherein each receiver includes alarm counter means; means for incrementing said alarm counter means in response to each alarm output produced by said processor means; and means for decrementing said alarm counter means when said alarm output information is transmitted to said central station. 7. The system of claim 2 wherein each of said transceiver means includes means for selecting a unique RF carrier frequency. 8. A sector set for use in an intrusion detection system, said sector set comprising: a sector module; first and second transmit modules, said transmit modules intended to be deployed remotely from said sector module and from one another; said sector module including first and second receive sections each having a receive antenna adapted to be microwave coupled to said first and second transmit modules, respectively, to define left and right microwave links; each of said transmit modules having (1) a transmit antenna and transmitter means connected thereto for transmitting a microwave carrier, and (2) means for applying status information to said carrier representative of the operational status of that transmit module; each of said receive sections including processor means for producing alarm output information responsive to an intrusion across the link associated with that receive section and status decode means for producing status output information representative of the operational status of the transmit module coupled thereto; each of said transmit modules including a battery operated power supply and solar panel means for charging said power supply. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein said sector module further includes means for producing status output information representative of the operational status of each of said receive sections. 10. The apparatus of claim 9 further including: RF transmitter means; and means for periodically supplying said alarm and status output information to said RF transmitter means for transmission to a central monitoring station. 11. The apparatus of claim 9 wherein said sector module further includes: RF transceiver means for receiving communications from and transmitting communications to a central monitoring station; and means responsive to receipt of an interrogation communication for transmitting alarm and status output information to said central monitoring station. 12. The sector set of claim 11 wherein said sector module includes first and second alarm counter means respectively coupled to said first and second receive sections; means for incrementing each of said alarm counter means in response to the receive section coupled thereto producing alarm output information; and means for decrementing each of said alarm counter means when said alarm output information is transmitted to said central monitoring station. 13. An intrusion detection system comprising: a plurality of sector sets, each including a sector module and first and second transmit modules located remotely from said sector modules and from one another; said sector module including first and second receive sections each having a receive antenna adapted to be microwave coupled to said first and second transmit modules, respectively, to define left and right microwave links; each of said transmit modules having (1) a transmit antenna and transmitter means connected thereto for transmitting a continuous microwave carrier, and (2) means for applying status information to said carrier representative of the operational status of that transmit module; each of said receive sections including processor means for producing alarm output information responsive to an intrusion across the link associated with that receive section and status decode means for producing status output information representative of the operational status of the transmit module coupled thereto; said sector module further including means for producing status output information representative of the operational status of each of said receive sections; central station means; and wherein said sector module includes RF transmitter means for generating a unique RF carrier and means for applying said alarm and status output information to said carrier for transmission to said central station means. 14. The system of claim 13 wherein said sector module and said first and second transmit modules includes rechargeable battery means; and wherein said sector module includes solar panel means for charging said battery means. 15. The system of claim 13 further including RF receiver means in each of said sector modules; said central station means including RF transmitter means for periodically transmitting an interrogation signal to each of said sector modules; and means in said sector module responsive to said interrogation signal for activating its RF transmitter means. 16. The system of claim 15 wherein said central station means includes means for displaying an accumulated alarm count representative of the number of intrusions across each of said microwave links. 17. The system of claim 16 wherein said central station means includes means for displaying the operational status of each of said microwave links. 18. The system of claim 17 further including portable central receiver means adapted to be carried by field personnel, said central receiver means including display means for displaying alarm output information with respect to each link, and wherein, said central station means remotely controls said central receiver means display means. 19. An intrusion detection system comprising: a plurality of remotely located sector sets, each sector set including a sector module and first and second transmit modules located remotely from said sector module and from one another; said sector module including first and second receive sections each having a receive antenna adapted to be microwave coupled to said first and second transmit modules, respectively, to define left and right microwave links; each of said transmit modules having a transmit antenna and transmitter means connected thereto for transmitting a microwave carrier; each of said receive sections including processor means for producing alarm output information responsive to an intrusion across the link associated with that receive section; said sector module further including RF transceiver means; central station means including RF transceiver means for sequentially transmitting interrogation signals to said plurality of sector sets; and means in each sector module responsive to a selected interrogation signal for activating its RF transceiver means to transmit alarm output information to said central station means. 20. The system of claim 19 wherein said central station means includes means for displaying an accumulated alarm count representative of the number of intrusions across each of said microwave links. 21. The system of claim 20 further including portable central receiver means adapted to be carried by field personnel, said central receiver means including display means for displaying alarm output information with respect to each link, and wherein, said central station means remotely controls said central receiver means display means. 