Photovoltaic solar modules are efficiently assembled into an array by the use of a lattice and mounting-conducting electrodes. The lattice consists of parallel conducting strips spaced apart by a distance equal to the width of a module, secured to a supporting frame. The electrodes are attached to busbars fabricated on the modules, which are environmentally sealed with the ends of the electrodes protruding. The protruding ends fit into slots punched into the conducting strips, both securing the modules and electrically connecting them to the lattice. A large array of series and parallel connected modules can thus be formed.
Claims I claim: 1. A photovoltaic module integration system comprising: (a) a rigid supporting frame; (b) three or more parallel conducting strips, said parallel conducting strips being secured to, and electrically isolated from, said rigid supporting frame; (c) a plurality of encapsulated photovoltaic module means for converting light into electrical current; and (d) a plurality of mounting-conducting electrode means for establishing electrical connection to said encapsulated photovoltaic module means and for attaching said encapsulated photovoltaic module means to said parallel conducting strips. 2. The module integration system of claim 1 wherein said mounting-conducting electrode means comprises: (a) an internal portion contained within and electrically attached to said encapsulated photovoltaic module means; (b) an external portion extending outside of said encapsulated photovoltaic module means; and (c) said external portion further comprising a portion of increased width along its length. 3. The module integration system of claim 1 wherein said mounting-conducting electrode means comprises an L-shaped body comprising: (a) a short leg contained within and electrically attached to said encapsulated photovoltaic module means; (b) a long leg comprising a portion of increased width which lies at least partly outside of said encapsulated photovoltaic module means; and (c) said long leg further comprising a portion of tapered width, which lies entirely outside of said encapsulated photovoltaic module means. 4. The module integration system of claim 1 wherein said mounting-conducting electrode means comprises: (a) a U-shaped body contained within and electrically attached to said encapsulated photovoltaic module means; (b) a leg comprising a portion of increased width which lies at least partly outside of said encapsulated photovoltaic module means; and (c) said leg further comprising a portion of tapered width, which lies entirely outside of said encapsulated photovoltaic module means. 5. A photovoltaic module integration system comprising: (a) a rigid supporting frame; (b) three or more parallel conducting strips, said parallel conducting strips being secured to, and electrically isolated from, said rigid supporting frame, said parallel conducting strips also having a pattern of slots repeated at regular intervals; (c) a plurality of encapsulated photovoltaic module means for converting light into electrical current; and (d) a plurality of mounting-conducting electrode means for establishing electrical connection to said encapsulated photovoltaic module means and for attaching said encapsulated photovoltaic module means to said pattern of slots of said parallel conducting strips. 6. The module integration system of claim 5 wherein said mounting-conducting electrode means comprises: (a) an internal portion contained within and electrically attached to said encapsulated photovoltaic module means; (b) an external portion extending outside of said encapsulated photovoltaic module means; and (c) said external portion further comprising a portion of increased width along its length. 7. The module integration system of claim 5 wherein said mounting-conducting electrode means comprises an L-shaped body comprising: (a) a short leg contained within and electrically attached to said encapsulated photovoltaic module means; (b) a long leg comprising a portion of increased width which lies at least partly outside of said encapsulated photovoltaic module means; and (c) said long leg further comprising a portion of tapered width, which lies entirely outside of said encapsulated photovoltaic module means. 8. The module integration system of claim 5 wherein said mounting-conducting electrode means comprises: (a) a U-shaped body contained within and electrically attached to said encapsulated photovoltaic module means; (b) a leg comprising a portion of increased width which lies at least partly outside of said encapsulated photovoltaic module means; and (c) said leg further comprising a portion of tapered width, which lies entirely outside of said encapsulated photovoltaic module means. 9. A photovoltaic module integration system comprising: (a) a rigid supporting frame composed of an insulating material; (b) three or more parallel conducting strips, said parallel conducting strips being secured to said rigid supporting frame, said parallel conducting strips also having a pattern of slots repeated at a regular intervals; (c) a plurality of encapsulated photovoltaic module means for converting light into electrical current; and (d) a plurality of mounting-conducting electrode means for establishing electrical connection to said encapsulated photovoltaic module means and for attaching said encapsulated photovoltaic module means to said pattern of slots of said parallel conducting strips. 10. The module integration system of claim 9 wherein said mounting-conducting electrode means comprises: (a) an internal portion contained within and electrically attached to said encapsulated photovoltaic module means; (b) an external portion extending outside of said encapsulated photovoltaic module means; and (c) said external portion further comprising a portion of increased width along its length. 11. The module integration system of claim 9 wherein said mounting-conducting electrode means comprises an L-shaped body comprising: (a) a short leg contained within and electrically attached to said encapsulated photovoltaic module means; (b) a long leg comprising a portion of increased width which lies at least partly outside of said encapsulated photovoltaic module means; and (c) said long leg further comprising a portion of tapered width, which lies entirely outside of said encapsulated photovoltaic module means. 12. The module integration system of claim 9 wherein said mounting-conducting electrode means comprises: (a) a U-shaped body contained within and electrically attached to said encapsulated photovoltaic module means; (b) a leg comprising a portion of increased width which lies at least partly outside of said encapsulated photovoltaic module means; and (c) said leg further comprising a portion of tapered width, which lies entirely outside of said encapsulated photovoltaic module means. 