The instrumentation package is transportable to remote sites solely by a light helicopter. Accordingly, three skids are provided, each of which weighs less than 1,200 pounds. An instrument skid comprises a generally, horizontally disposed frame having jacks mounted on it for leveling. Instruments and control elements are also mounted to the frame, preconnected at the factory, and protected from weather. A separate battery skid is provided which is mounted on the instrument skid at the site. A solar array skid, the sloping roof of which comprises solar cells is separately transportable by helicopter to the site and is lowered onto and fastened to the instrument skid. The instrument skid preferably has a self-contained generator mounted thereon when it is transported to the site. An instrument and antenna mounting tower for telemetry, if desired, is broken down and carried within the solar array skid to the site and then mounted on the rear of the instrument skid and tied to the solar array skid. The solar array faces the equator. The battery skid is located, such that predetermined relative wind velocities from the north or the south produce a zero force at any one jack. The solar array extends over the instruments and control elements and the generator mounted on the instrument skid. The package is particularly useful for monitoring air quality, in which case a gas analyzer is mounted on the instrument skid in a refrigerator.
Claims Having described our invention, what we claim as new and desire to secure by Letters Patent is: 1. A helicopter installable, self-powered, modular, remote, instrumentation package comprising: A. an instrument skid comprising: a. a generally, horizontally disposed frame; b. instruments and control elements mounted on said frame; c. at least three jacks adapted to engage the ground mounted to said frame for leveling said frame; B. a battery skid comprising: a. batteries adapted to be field mounted to said instrument skid; and, C. a solar array skid comprising: a. a lean-to like structure comprising a sloped roof comprising an array of solar cells, said solar array skid being adapted for field mounting to said instrument skid; said battery skid and said solar array skid being adapted to be lowered onto said instrument skid in that order. 2. An instrumentation package as defined in claim 1 wherein the weight of each skid does not exceed 1,200 pounds. 3. An instrumentation package as defined in claim 1 wherein said instrument skid further comprises a self-powered electrical generator mounted thereto for transportation to a remote site. 4. An instrumentation package as defined in claim 1 wherein said battery skid is adapted to be positioned such that when said array of solar cells faces toward the equator north or south winds of predetermined relative velocity produce a zero force at any one jack. 5. The instrumentation package defined in claim 1 wherein said sloped roof of said solar array skid extends to substantially the rear edge of said instrument skid over said instruments and control elements and said battery skid. 6. The instrumentation package defined in claim 1 and: D. a tower mounted on said instrument skit and adapted to be fastened to said solar array skid. 7. An instrumentation package as defined in claim 1 wherein said jacks are located, so as to guide said solar array skid, when it is lowered onto said instrument skid. 8. An instrumentation package as defined in claim 1 including weather protected electrical connections between said instruments and control elements. 9. An instrumentation package as defined in claim 1 wherein said instruments comprise a gas analyzer. 10. An instrumentation package as defined in claim 9 wherein said gas analyzer is enclosed in a heat insulated refrigerated container. 