There is disclosed a generic solar array panel which utilizes a printed circuit substrate. A series of electrically conductive paths for interconnecting the solar cells and other electronic components to form a solar electric power supply network is formed on or encapsulated into the substrate. An integral bus line conducts the collected power to a load. Stress relief loops routed in the substrate compensate for differences in characteristics of thermal expansion between the solar cell and the substrate while maintaining the integrity of the network's electrical connections.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar panel comprising: a substrate; a plurality of solar cells; circuit means including a series of electrically conductive paths formed on the substrate for electrically connecting the solar cells together to form a solar electric power supply network; and means for resiliently connecting the solar cells along one surface therof to the circuit means, said means for resiliently connecting including a multiplicity of electrically conductive interconnect pads being resiliently responsive to expansion and contraction of the substrate to maintain the integrity of the solar cell to circuit means connection. 2. The panel of claim 1 wherein said substrate further comprises multiple layers, including a top layer and a bottom layer, and wherein at least one said electrically conductive path is encapsulated between said top and bottom layers. 3. The panel of claim 1 wherein each said solar cell has a positive terminal and a negative terminal and said circuit means interconnects the positive terminal of a first solar cell to the negative terminal of a second solar cell. 4. The panel of claim 3 wherein said second solar cell lies coplanar with said first solar cell on said substrate. 5. The panel of claim 1 wherein each solar cell is individually removably connected to said substrate such that they can be individually replaced. 6. The panel of claim 2 wherein substantially the entire area of said substrate top layer has solar cells mounted thereto. 7. The panel of claim 2 further comprising a plurality of electrically conductive mounting areas on said substrate bottom layer for electrically connecting electrical devices to said circuit means. 8. The panel of claim 7 wherein said electrical devices comprise discrete component diodes. 9. The panel of claim 1 wherein said means for resiliently connecting further comprises discontinuities in said substrate which allow movement of said interconnect pads relative to the remainder of the substrate to thereby accommodate different thermal expansion characteristics of the solar cells and substrate. 10. The panel of claim 9 wherein said discontinues comprise arcuate slots in said substrate, surrounding the interconnect pads. 11. The panel of claim 10 further comprising a plurality of electrical traces electrically connecting said interconnect pads to said circuit means wherein said traces are formed on said substrate and wherein said interconnect pads and said traces are bounded by adjacent arcuate slots. 12. The panel of claim 11 wherein said arcuate slots in said substrate form a coil spring in the area thereof surrounding said interconnect pads. 13. The panel of claim 1 wherein said circuit means further comprises an integral bus line for conducting power collected by said solar electric power supply network to a load. 14. The panel of claim 13 wherein said substrate includes a designated portion to be punched out to break the continuity of at least one of said electrically conductive paths to form solar cell strings, each string including a preselected number of solar cells connected in electrical series. 15. A panel for mounting a plurality of electrical components thereto, said panel comprising: a substrate; a plurality of electrically conductive mounting pads for mounting and electrically interconnecting said components along one surface thereof to said substrate; circuit means including a series of electrically conductive paths formed on the substrate, for electrically interconnecting said components; a plurality of electrical traces electrically connecting said mounting pads to said circuit means; and discontinuities in said substrate which allow movement of said mounting pads relative to the remainder of the substrate to hereby accommodate different thermal expansion characteristics of the electrical components and substrate, said discontinuities in said substrate comprising slot openings equipped with resiliently movable members adapted to receive the mounting pads. 16. The panel of claim 15 wherein said electrical components include solar cells. 17. The panel of claim 16 wherein said discontinuities comprise arcuate slots in said substrate surrounding the mounting pads. 18. The panel of claim 16 wherein said traces are formed on the substrate and wherein said mounting pads and traces are bounded by adjacent arcuate slots. 19. The panel of claim 18 wherein said slots in said substrate form a coil spring in the area thereof surrounding said mounting pads. 20. A solar panel comprising: a substrate; a plurality of solar cells mounted along one surface thereof to said substrate, each said solar cell being electrically, individually removably connected to said substrate via interconnect pads such that they can be individually replaced; circuit means including a series of electrically conductive paths encapsulated within the substrate for interconnecting said solar cells to form a solar electric power supply network including discontinuities in said substrate which allow movement of the interconnect pads relative to the remainder of the substrate to thereby accommodate different thermal expansion characteristics of the solar cells and substrate; whereby an individual solar cell may be removed from the solar panel without disturbing any adjacent cell. 