An energy-efficient barrier uses thin slats, on one side of which are formed a number of reflective surfaces. The reflective surfaces are oriented at an angle, with respect to the face of the slat, to maximize reflection of the rays of the sun. The parallel reflective surfaces are formed as a series of ridges along the length of a slat and as the treads of a series of stairsteps formed along the length of a slat. The slats can be formed of extruded material with the reflective surfaces formed of reflective material which is polated on V-grooves formed in the slats. The slats are oriented in relation to the direct rays of the sun to pass the direct rays of the winter sun between the wider faces of the slats. The reflective surfaces on each slat are also aligned to reflect the direct rays of the summer sun. In a skylight assembly, one or more spacer members are provided having complementary slots formed therein for engagement with corresponding slots formed in the slats to properly align the slats with respect to the sun. The slats can be fixed as in a skylight, or variable such as in a Venetian blind. Deflectors attached to the trailing edges of the slats deflect the direct sunlight into a more vertical path. A Fresnel lens concentrator and reflector assembly directs winter sunlight into a structure, while directing summer sunlight away from the structure. Sunlight is guided through hollow light guides from a skylight assembly to one or more locations within a building.
Claims I claim: 1. An energy-efficient barrier for the direct rays of the sun, comprising: a plurality of slats, each slat having a thin cross-section and wider faces, wherein one of the faces has formed on it a plurality of reflective surfaces; and means for mounting the slats in orientation to the direct rays of the sun, with the slats being aligned to pass the direct rays of the sun, which are coming from a first direction, between the wider faces of the slats and with the plurality of reflective surfaces on each slat being aligned to reflect back the rays of the sun, which are coming from a second direction. 2. The barrier of claim 1 wherein said reflective surfaces on the one face of a slat include a plurality of parallel reflective surfaces which are oriented at an angle with respect to the face of the slat at an angle at which the reflective surfaces maximize reflection of the rays of the sun. 3. The barrier of claim 2 wherein the plurality of parallel reflective surfaces is formed as a series of ridges along the length of a slat. 4. The barrier of claim 2 wherein the reflective surfaces are formed as the treads of a series of stairsteps formed along the length of a slat. 5. The barrier of claim 2 wherein the slats are formed of extruded material and wherein the reflective surfaces are formed of reflective material plated on V-grooves formed in said slats. 6. The barrier of claim 1 wherein the slats include slots formed therein and wherein the means for mounting the slats in the frame includes one or more spacer members having complementary slots formed therein for engagement with corresponding slots formed in the slats. 7. The barrier of claim 6 wherein the spacer members are thin slats, and wherein the slots formed in the spacer members are formed with a predetermined orientation so that the slats are aligned to pass rays of the sun coming from the first predetermined direction and such that reflective surfaces formed on the slats reflect the rays of the sun coming from the second predetermined direction. 8. The barrier of claim 1 wherein the slats are assembled as a Venetian blind. 9. The barrier of claim 1 including means for deflecting the direct rays of the sun which pass between the faces of the slats into the space beneath the barrier. 10. The barrier of claim 9 wherein the means for deflecting includes a reflective surface which extends from the trailing edge of a slat to deflect the direct rays passing through the faces of the slats into a more vertical direction into the space beneath the barrier. 11. The barrier of claim 10 wherein the reflective surface extends at an angle from the trailing edge of a respective slat. 12. The barrier of claim 1 including means for guiding sunlight passing through the barrier to a utilization point. 13. The barrier of claim 12 wherein the means for guiding sunlight passing through the barrier to a utilization point includes: a hollow tube having a hollow interior and having a first end for receiving sunlight from said skylight assembly and a second end for transmitting sunlight, said tube having internal walls for reflecting light from said first end to said second end; sunlight-transmitting fluid contained in the hollow interior of said hollow tube, said fluid permitting light to be transmitted therethrough from said first end to said second end; first sunlight-transparent means for capping the first end of said tube; and second sunlight-transparent means for capping the second end of said tube. 14. The barrier of claim 13 wherein the index of refraction of the tube is less than the index of refraction of the fluid contained in the tube such that internal reflection occurs to guide light from the one end of the tube to the second end of the tube. 15. An energy efficient skylight assembly, comprising: a frame for mounting said skylight assembly to a larger structure; a plurality of slats, each slat having a thin cross-section and wider faces, wherein one of the faces has formed on it a plurality of reflective surfaces; means for mounting the slats in the frame wherein the slats are oriented to pass the rays of the winter sunlight between the wider faces of the slats and wherein the plurality of reflective surfaces on each slat are aligned to reflect back the rays of the summer sun out of the skylight assembly. 16. The skylight assembly of claim 15 wherein said reflective surfaces on a slat include a plurality of parallel reflective surfaces which are oriented at an angle with respect to the face of the slat at an angle at which the reflective surfaces maximize reflection of the rays of the summer sun. 17. The skylight assembly of claim 16 wherein the plurality of parallel reflective surfaces are formed as a series of ridges along the length of a slat. 18. The skylight assembly of claim 16 wherein the reflective surfaces are formed as the treads of a series of stairsteps formed along the length of the slat. 19. The skylight assembly of claim 16 wherein the slats are formed of extruded material and wherein the reflective surfaces are formed of reflective material plated on V-grooves formed in said slats. 20. The skylight assembly of claim 15 wherein the slats included slots formed therein and wherein the means for mounting the slats in the frame includes one or more spacer members having complementary slots formed therein for engagement with corresponding slots formed in the slats. 21. The skylight assembly of claim 20 wherein the spacer members are thin slats and wherein the slots formed in the spacer members are formed at an angle to orient the slats so that their faces are aligned to pass rays of the winter sun, such that the rays of the summer sun are reflected out of the skylight assembly by the reflective surfaces formed on the slats. 22. The skylight assembly of claim 15 including a transparent cover for covering the frame for mounting the skylight assembly to a larger structure. 23. The skylight assembly of claim 15 further comprising: a plate of transparent material; and means for mounting the plate of transparent material to the frame to seal the skylight assembly from the plurality of slats. 24. The skylight assembly of claim 18 including means for deflecting the direct rays of the sun which pass between the faces of the slats into the space beneath the barrier. 25. The skylight assembly of claim 24 wherein the means for deflecting includes a reflective surface which extends from the trailing edge of a slat to deflect the direct rays passing through the faces of the slats into a more vertical direction into the space beneath the barrier. 26. The skylight assembly of claim 25 wherein the reflective surface extends at an angle from the trailing edge of a respective slat. 27. A method of providing a seasonably variable barrier for the rays of the sun, comprising the steps of: mounting a plurality of slat members in a mounting frame, wherein each slat member has a thin cross-section and a larger surface having means formed thereupon for reflecting the rays of the summer sun; orienting and spacing-apart the slat members to pass the rays of the winter sunlight therebetween; and orienting the plurality of reflective surfaces on each slat to reflect back the rays of the summer sun out of the skylight assembly. 28. The method of claim 27 including the step of reflecting the rays of the summer sun from a slat by reflecting the rays of the summer sun from a plurality of parallel reflective surfaces which are oriented at an angle with respect to the face of the slats at an angle to substantially maximize reflection of the rays of the summer sun. 29. The method of claim 28, wherein the steps of orienting and spacing-apart the slat members and orienting the plurality of reflective surfaces on each slat to reflect back the rays of the summer sun out of the skylight assembly includes the the step of mounting the slats in a frame and using one or more spacer members. 30. The method of claim 27, wherein the step of reflecting back the rays of the summer sun out of the skylight assembly includes the step of reflecting the sun from a series of triangulated surfaces on the larger surface of the slat. 31. The method of claim 27 including the step of deflecting the direct rays of the sun which pass between the faces of the slats into the space beneath the barrier. 32. The method of claim 31 wherein the step of deflecting the direct rays of the sun which pass between the faces of the slats into the space beneath the barrier includes deflecting said direct rays from a reflective surface which extends from the trailing edge of a slat to deflect the direct rays into a more vertical direction into the space beneath the barrier. 33. The method of claim 27 including the step of guiding sunlight from the plurality of slat members to one or more locations. 34. The method of claim 33 including the steps of: transmitting sunlight through a first sunlight-transparent end cap on a first end of a hollow tube; guiding the sunlight transmitted through the first sunlight-transparent end cap into the hollow interior space of the hollow tube having an internal wall which reflects sunlight; transmitting the sunlight which passes through the first sunlight-transparent end cap and through the hollow interior space of the hollow tube; and transmitting the sunlight which passes through the hollow interior space of the hollow tube through a second sunlight-transparent end cap on a second end of the hollow tube. 35. The method of claim 34 wherein the step of guiding the sunlight through the hollow tube includes transmitting the sunlight through a sunlight-transmitting fluid contained within said tube. 36. The method of claim 35 wherein the step of guiding the sunlight through the hollow tube includes guiding the sunlight through the sunlight-transmitting fluid, which has an index of refraction greater than that of the hollow tube, to guide at least a portion of said sunlight by internal reflection from the first end of the tube to the second end of the tube. 37. The method of claim 34 including the step of positioning two or more hollow tubes, each having respective first and second end caps, to provide an extended sunlight guide. 38. A system for selectively concentrating solar energy through an opening in a structure, comprising: a Fresnel lens oriented in a predetermined position to concentrate direct solar energy; a first reflecting surface for receiving direct summer sunlight from the Fresnel lens and for reflecting said sunlight out of said system; a second reflecting surface for receiving direct winter sunlight from the Fresnel lens and for reflecting said sunlight through the opening in the structure. 39. The system of claim 38 including a movable reflective shutter for covering the opening in the structure and reflecting sunlight out of the system. 40. The system of claim 38 including a motor and a motor control unit for moving the movable shutter. 41. The system of claim 40 including temperature sensitive means for controlling said motor control unit. 42. The system of claim 39 including direct mechanical actuator means for moving the shutter. 43. The system of claim 38 including means for automatically orienting the Fresnel lens to a predetermined orientation with respect to the sun. 44. The system of claim 38 wherein the Fresnel lens concentrates solar energy in a line. 45. A system for guiding sunlight from a skylight assembly, comprising: a hollow tube having a hollow interior and having a first end for receiving sunlight from said skylight assembly and a second end for transmitting sunlight, said tube having internal walls for reflecting light from said first end to said second end; sunlight-transmitting fluid contained in the hollow interior of said hollow tube, said fluid permitting light to be transmitted therethrough from said first end to said second end; first sunlight-transparent means for capping the first end of said tube; and second sunlight-transparent means for capping the second end of said tube. 46. The system of claim 45 wherein the index of refraction of the tube is less than the index of refraction of the fluid contained in the tube such that internal reflection occurs to guide light from the one end of the tube to the second end of the tube. 47. The system of claim 45 including two or more hollow tubes positioned respectively end-to-end to provide and extended system for transmitting sunlight. 48. The system of claim 45 wherein the first and the second sunlight-transparent means are, respectively, a first end plate and a second end plate of sunlight-transparent material fixed to the respective ends of a hollow tube. 49. The system of claim 45 wherein the hollow tube has a straight internal wall for guiding sunlight passing through the hollow tube in a substantially straight path. 50. The system of claim 45 wherein the hollow tube has a curved internal wall for guiding sunlight passing through the hollow tube in a curved path. 51. A method of guiding sunlight from a skylight assembly to one or more locations, comprising the steps of: transmitting sunlight from the skylight assembly through a first sunlight-transparent end cap on a first end of a hollow tube; guiding the sunlight transmitted through the first sunlight-transparent end cap into the hollow interior space of the hollow tube having an internal wall which reflects sunlight; transmitting the sunlight which passes through the first sunlight-transparent end cap and through the hollow interior space of the hollow tube; and transmitting the sunlight which passes through the hollow interior space of the hollow tube through a second sunlight-transparent end cap on a second end of the hollow tube. 52. The method of claim 51 wherein the step of guiding the sunlight through the hollow tube includes transmitting the sunlight through a sunlight-transmitting fluid contained within said tube. 53. The method of claim 52 wherein the step of guiding the sunlight through the hollow tube includes guiding the sunlight through the sunlight-transmitting fluid, which has an index of refraction greater than that of the hollow tube, to guide at least a portion of said sunlight by internal reflection from the first end of the tube to the second end of the tube. 54. The method of claim 51 including the step of positioning two or more hollow tubes, each having respective first and second end caps, to provide an extended sunlight guide. 55. The method of claim 51 wherein the step of transmitting the sunlight through the hollow tube includes transmitting the sunlight through a hollow tube having a straight interior wall. 56. The method of claim 51 wherein the step of transmitting the sunlight through the hollow tube includes transmitting the sunlight through a hollow tube having a curved interior wall to guide the sunlight along a curved path. 