A solar battery module to be mounted on a mounting face of a mounting body, comprising a solar battery module body, solar cells for converting sunlight into electric energy inside the solar battery module body, a connection lead wire connected with the solar cells and which passes through a hole in the mounting surface, fasteners passing through the holes in the mounting surface for mounting the solar battery module body to the mounting face, and spacers provided in the vicinity of the fasteners and the connection lead wire for contacting the mounting face and preventing water from flowing into the mounting body and the solar battery module body, wherein the spacers include a soft resin which can conform to the shape of the mounting face, and a sealing resin, which is adherent and waterproof, provided on both faces of the soft resin for covering a gap defined around the connection lead wire and the fastener so as to prevent water from flowing into the mounting body.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar battery module adapted to be mounted on a mounting face of a mounting body, comprising; a solar battery module body, solar cells for converting sunlight into electric energy located inside the solar battery module body, a connection lead wire which is connected to the solar cell and adapted to pass through a hole in the mounting face, fasteners adapted for passing through holes in the mounting face for mounting the solar battery module body to the mounting face, and spacers provided in the vicinity of the fasteners and the connection lead wire contacting the mounting face and for preventing water from flowing into the mounting body and the solar battery module body, wherein the spacers include a soft resin adapted to conform to the shape of the mounting face, and a sealing resin, which is adherent and waterproof, provided on both faces of the soft resin for covering or concealing a gap defined around the connection lead wire and the fastener so as to prevent water from flowing into the mounting body. 2. A solar battery module according to claim 1, wherein the soft resin of the spacer is made of silicone foam rubber. 3. A solar battery module according to claim 1, wherein the sealing resin of the spacer is made of butyl rubber. 4. A solar battery module according to claim 1, wherein the soft resin of the spacer is made of silicone foam rubber, and the "floodproof" sealing resin of the spacer is made of butyl rubber and projects onto the lower face of the solar battery module body. 5. A solar battery module according to claim 1, wherein the spacer further includes a shock absorber for absorbing outer shocks on the lower face of the solar battery module body. 6. A solar battery module according to claim 5, wherein the shock absorber of the spacer is made of silicone rubber. 