A fragrance dispenser utilizing a fragrance dispensing wheel is described. The fragrance wheel is directly mounted onto a rotatable motor shaft, the motor being powered by either conventional A.C. or D.C. current, or by a photovoltaic cell. Absorbent panels on the wheel direct ambient air in response to motor rotation. When powered by photovoltaic cell fragrance is dispensed in an economic and safe manner in proportion to room lighting.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A fragrance dispenser comprising: (A) a fragrance dispensing wheel including at least two liquid absorbing panels extending laterally outwards from the central axis of said wheel; (B) a photovoltaic cell; (C) a motor having a rotatable shaft, said motor being electrically connected to, and energized by said photovoltaic cell; (D) a case for housing said fragrance wheel, said motor and said photovoltaic cell; and (E) means for connecting said wheel to said rotatable shaft on said motor so that when a fragrance material is added to said liquid absorbing panels and said motor is energized, said wheel rotates together with said shaft, and said fragrance material is dispensed to the ambient air contacted and moved by said wheel, wherein said case has a base, a top, and four walls, said walls containing openings for the movement of ambient air into and out of said case, said case further comprising means for mounting said motor and said fragrance wheel within said case, said motor being electrically connected to said photovoltaic cell, said photovoltaic cell being positioned at the top of said case, and substantially forming the top portion of said case so that ambient room lighting falling upon said top of said case is absorbed by said photovoltaic cell, and said cell then generates an electric current causing said shaft in said motor to rotate, which in turn rotates said wheel and said material so that said fragrance material is dispensed to said ambient air. 2. A fragrance dispenser according to claim 1 wherein said wheel has a hole at the center of said wheel for direct connection of said wheel to said rotatable shaft on said motor. 3. A fragrance dispenser according to claim 1 wherein said liquid absorbing panels are fabricated in absorbent cotton. 4. A fragrance dispenser according to claim 1 wherein said motor and said fragrance wheel are in vertical alignment with each other, with the fragrance wheel being positioned above said motor. 5. A fragrance dispenser according to claim 1 wherein said motor is capable of rotation at low voltage. 6. A fragrance dispenser according to claim 1 wherein said liquid absorbing panels are fabricated in porous, liquid absorbing plastic. 7. A fragrance dispenser according to claim 6 wherein said plastic is TESLIN. 8. A fragrance dispenser according to claim 6 wherein said plastic is polyethylene. 9. A fragrance dispenser according to claim 1 further comprising a clear covering for the outer light absorbing surface of said photovoltaic cell. 10. A fragrance dispenser according to claim 9 wherein said covering for said photovoltaic cell is a bubble lens. 