The present invention comprises a solar driven novelty device including a frame having a first side and a second side; a solar panel attached to the frame and in an adjustable relationship thereto; a rotatable disk disposed on the frame; a motor in operative connection with the solar panel and also in operative connection with the disk, wherein the motor causes the disk to rotate in response to electricity generated by the solar panel and transmitted to the motor; and suction cups for attaching the frame to the surface, the suction cups being adjustable to permit either the first side of the frame or the second side of the frame to be adjacent to the surface.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar driven novelty device for mounting to a surface comprising: a) a frame having a first side and a second side; b) a solar panel attached to said frame and in an adjustable relationship thereto such that said solar panel can be adjusted in relation to said frame to receive incident light irrespective of the orientation of said frame; c) a rotatable disk disposed on said frame; d) a motor in operative connection with said solar panel and also in operative connection with said disk, wherein said motor causes said disk to rotate in response to electricity generated by said solar panel and transmitted to said motor; and e) means for attaching said frame to the surface, said means being adjustable to permit either said first side of said frame or said second side of said frame to be adjacent to the surface to which said frame is attached, wherein said attachment means comprises at least one rod, a portion of which extends out from said first side and said second side of said frame such that sufficient space is provided for pivoting of said solar panel, rotation of said rotatable disk and operation of said motor. 2. The solar driven novelty device of claim 1, wherein said attachment means further comprises at least one suction cup which is removably disposed on either of said extending portions of said rods. 3. The solar driven novelty device of claim 1, which further comprises a stationary disk disposed on said frame in a spaced relationship between said rotatable disk and said frame. 4. The solar driven novelty device of claim 3, wherein said rotatable disk is provided with a plurality of slits which permit viewing of said stationary disk as said rotatable disk is rotating. 5. The solar driven novelty device of claim 4, wherein said stationary disk has indicia thereon to be viewed through the slits of said rotatable disk as it is rotating. 6. A solar driven novelty device for mounting to a surface comprising: a) a frame having a first side and a second side; b) a solar panel attached to said frame and in an adjustable relationship thereto such that said solar panel can be adjusted in relation to said frame to receive incident light irrespective of the orientation of said frame; c) a rotatable disk disposed on said frame; d) a motor in operative connection with said solar panel and also in operative connection with said disk, wherein said motor causes said disk to rotate in response to electricity generated by said solar panel and transmitted to said motor; and e) means for attaching said frame to the surface, said means being adjustable to permit either said first side of said frame or said second side of said frame to be adjacent to the surface to which said frame is attached. 7. The solar driven novelty device of claim 6, wherein said attachment means comprises at least one rod, a portion of which extends out from said first side and said second side of said frame, and at least one suction cup which is removably disposed on either of said extending portions of said rod. 8. The solar driven novelty device of claim 7, which comprises four of said extending rods and four of said suction cups. 9. The solar driven novelty device of claim 6, wherein said solar panel is fixedly mounted to a rod disposed through eye hooks mounted on said frame so as to permit pivoting of said solar panel relative to said frame. 10. The solar driven novelty device of claim 6, wherein said disk contains indicia which can be viewed as said disk is rotating. 11. The solar driven novelty device of claim 10, wherein said motor comprises a gear to reduce the speed of rotation of said disk to permit viewing of said indicia. 12. The solar driven novelty device of claim 6, which further comprises a stationary disk disposed on said frame in a spaced relationship between said rotatable disk and said frame. 13. The solar driven novelty device of claim 12, wherein said rotatable disk is provided with a plurality of slits which permit viewing of said stationary disk as said rotatable disk is rotating. 14. The solar driven novelty device of claim 13, wherein said rotatable disk and said stationary disk are of different colors. 15. The solar driven novelty device of claim 13, wherein said stationary disk has indicia thereon to be viewed through the slits of said rotatable disk as it is rotating. 16. The solar driven novelty device of claim 6, wherein said surface comprises a window. 17. The solar driven novelty device of claim 16, wherein said attachment means are disposed to attach said frame to said window such that the second side of said frame is adjacent said window. 18. The solar driven novelty device of claim 16, wherein said window is the window of a car and said novelty device is disposed inside said car with said solar panel pivoted so as to face outside said window and receive incident light. 19. The solar driven novelty device of claim 16, wherein said attachment means are disposed such that said device is attached to said window such that said first side of said frame is adjacent said window. 20. The solar driven novelty device of claim 19, wherein said window comprises a house window and said novelty device is disposed outside said window such that said rotatable disk can be viewed from inside said house, and said solar panel pivoted away from said window to receive incident light. 