Ventilator roof for use in motor vehicles with a roof opening in a fixed roof surface which can be closed by a cover. The cover can be swung by pivoting around a pivoting axis, at, or near its rear edge, into a ventilation position in which the cover front edge is below the roof surface, while the cover rear edge is kept at the height of the roof surface, and a ventilation gap is formed between the cover front edge and the front edge of the roof opening. At least one electrically powered blower is built into a ventilation channel leading from the ventilation gap into the vehicle interior. The blower can be powered by solar cells or the on-board vehicle power unit (battery) with safeguards to prevent use when the vehicle power unit lacks sufficient charge. In some embodiments, arrangements are also provided to enable the blower to provide ventilation of the interior space of the vehicle even when the cover is closed.
Claims We claim: 1. Ventilator roof for vehicles having a fixed roof surface with a roof opening therein, a cover which is pivotable, about a pivot axis that is at least near a rear edge of the cover while the rear edge of the cover is kept approximately at the height of the fixed roof surface, between a closed position and both a ventilation position in which a front edge of the cover is below the fixed roof surface and a ventilation gap is formed between the front edge of the cover and a front edge of the roof opening and a retracted position in which the cover has bee moved rearwardly to expose the roof opening; wherein at least one electrically powered blower is fixed relative to the fixed roof surface within a portion of a ventilation channel which leads between a vehicle interior space and the outside environment, via the ventilation gap, when the cover is in said ventilation position; wherein said at least one blower is completely disposed below the fixed roof surface, heightwise, between the fixed roof surface and a vehicle headlining in an area located forwardly of the front edge of the roof opening where the presence thereof minimally impacts on passenger headroom and leaves visibility through the roof opening unimpeded; and wherein the at least one blower occupies only a portion of the ventilation channel in a transverse vehicle direction in a manner leaving free ventilation openings laterally of at least one end of the at least one blower. 2. Ventilator roof in accordance with claim 1, wherein the ventilation channel connects the ventilation gap with the vehicle interior space by an air passage in a fixed roof liner which is connected to an underside of the fixed roof surface at least in an area located in front of the roof opening. 3. Ventilator roof in accordance with claim 1, wherein at least one ventilation screen is located in the air passage. 4. Ventilator roof in accordance with claim 3, wherein the blower and ventilation screen are combined into a self-contained unit. 5. Ventilator roof in accordance with claim 4, wherein the blower has a housing with which the ventilation screen is formed as one piece. 6. Ventilator roof in accordance with claim 5, wherein the one piece housing and ventilation screen is an exchangeable part with respect to a part formed of only a ventilation screen. 7. Ventilator roof according to claim 1, wherein a roof frame surrounds the roof opening at an underside of the fixed roof surface and carries the cover and associated operating parts; and wherein the blower has a housing which is formed by the roof frame. 8. Ventilator roof according to claim 1, wherein the cover carries a solar module for supplying power to the electrically powered blower. 9. Ventilator roof in accordance with claim 8, wherein a contact device is provided, in an electric circuit between the solar module and the blower, which automatically closes, at least when the cover is in the ventilation position. 10. Vehicle roof in accordance with claim 8, wherein a contact device is provided, in an electric circuit between the solar module and the blower, which forms a means for keeping the electric circuit between the solar module and the blower in a closed condition, until the cover has been moved rearwardly into a substantially fully retracted position. 11. Ventilator roof according to claim 10, wherein the blower is also connected to an on-board vehicle power supply. 12. Ventilator roof in accordance with claim 11, wherein a monitoring means is provided for separating the blower from the on-board power supply when a charge level of the on-board power supply falls below a predetermined threshold value. 13. Ventilator roof in accordance with claim 11, wherein the blower is provided with a control circuit having a time-switch. 14. Ventilator roof in accordance with claim 1, wherein the blower is provided with a control circuit having a thermal switch for controlling operation of the blower. 15. Ventilator roof according to claim 1, wherein the blower is a cross current blower. 16. Ventilator roof according to claim 1, wherein the blower is an axial blower. 17. Ventilator roof according to claim 1, wherein said at least one blower is medially arranged in the ventilation channel in a transverse vehicle direction; and wherein free ventilation openings remain at both sides of the blower. 18. Ventilator roof in accordance with claim 1, wherein said at least one blower is arranged on each of right and left sides of the ventilation channel, relative to a transverse vehicle direction; and wherein free ventilation openings remain therebetween. 19. Ventilator roof in accordance with claim 1, wherein the cover is also mounted for displacement into at least one of an open position in which the rear edge of the cover is lowered below the fixed roof surface and the cover is displaced rearwardly under the fixed roof surface, and an open position in which the cover is extended above the fixed roof surface and displaced rearwardly over the fixed roof surface, whereby the roof opening is at least partially exposed. 20. Ventilator roof according to claim 1, wherein the blower is connected to an on-board vehicle power supply; and wherein a monitoring means is provided for separating the blower from the on-board power supply when a charge level of the on-board power supply falls below a predetermined threshold value. 21. Ventilator roof for vehicles having a fixed roof surface with a roof opening therein, a cover which is pivotable, about a pivot axis that is at least near a rear edge of the cover while a rear edge of the cover is kept approximately at the height of the fixed roof surface, between a closed position and a ventilation position in which a front edge of the cover is below the fixed roof surface and a ventilation gap is formed between the front edge of the cover and a front edge of the roof opening; wherein at least one electrically powered blower is mounted in a fixed position relative to the fixed roof surface within a ventilation channel which leads exclusively from the outside environment, through the ventilation gap, into a vehicle interior space when the cover is in said ventilation position; wherein ventilation slits are provided in a rear portion of the fixed roof surface, said slits communicating with a compartment that is located between the fixed roof surface and a roof lining; and wherein air is recirculated from the vehicle interior space by the blower via said compartment and the ventilation slits, when the cover is int he closed position. 