This invention discloses a method for maintaining a desirable orientation of the solar wings of an orbiting satellite (10) relative to the sun. A dual array of sun sensors (26,28) is positioned on a body (12) of the satellite (10) in order to get a measurement of the position of the sun relative to the body (12) once per every orbit of the satellite (10). In addition, an estimate of the position of the solar wings (16,17) relative to the body (12) of the satellite (10) is attained. The sun-to-body angle is then subtracted from the body-to-wing angle to drive an error signal which is applied to a wing driver mechanism in order to maintain the solar wings (16,17) of the satellite (10) in a proper orientation relative to the sun.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for maintaining a desirable orientation of at least one solar wing of an orbiting satellite relative to the sun, said satellite including a satellite body having at least one slit sun sensor to provide a measured satellite body to sun angle once per orbit of the satellite, said system comprising: driver means for driving the at least one solar wing: sun tracking estimator means for estimating the position of the satellite body relative to the sun to derive a body-to-sun angle; wing estimator means for estimating the position of the at least one solar wing relative to the satellite body to derive a body-to-wing angle; subtraction means for subtracting the estimate of the position of the satellite to the sun from the estimate of the position of the satellite body to the at least one solar wing to develop an error signal; and control means for providing a control signal relative to the error signal to command the driver means to move the at least one wing to track the sun; and wherein the derived body-to-sun angle is updated with the measured body to sun angle once per orbit of the satellite. 2. The system according to claim 1 wherein the at least one sun sensor is two sensors, said two sensors being oriented along a satellite pitch axis substantially perpendicular to the orbit plane of the satellite, said two sensors having a field of view in a plane defined by the satellite pitch axis and a satellite roll axis. 3. The system according to claim 2 wherein one of the two sensors has its field of view in the northern hemisphere of the earth and the other of the two sensors has its field of view in the southern hemisphere of the earth. 4. The system according to claim 1 wherein the driver means is a stepper motor such that the at least one solar wing is moved in a stepping motion to track the sun. 5. The system according to claim 1 wherein the driver means is a continuous driver for continually driving the at least one solar wing to track the sun. 6. The system according to claim 1 wherein the control means includes a rate gain means for applying a proportionality constant to the error signal and adding it to a predetermined rate of the sun to develop the control signal. 7. The system according to claim 6 wherein the control means further includes a rate limiter means for limiting the control signal from the rate gain means to a value within the parameters of the driver means. 8. The system according to claim 7 wherein the control means further includes an integration means for converting the control signal from the rate limiter means to an angular command to be applied to the driver means. 9. The system according to claim 1 further comprising a ground command means for directing a ground command signal to disengage the control means such that the ground command means provides the command to the driver means to drive the at least one solar wing. 10. The method according to claim 1 wherein the step of driving the solar wing includes driving the wing in a stepped fashion. 11. The method according to claim 1 wherein the step of driving the solar wing includes driving the solar wing in a continuous fashion. 12. The method according to claim 1 wherein the step of driving the wing includes commanding the wing from a ground location. 13. A method of maintaining a desirable orientation of a solar wing of an orbiting satellite relative to the sun, and method comprising the steps of: estimating the position of a body of the satellite relative to the sun; estimating the position of the solar wing relative to the body; subtracting the estimated position of the body relative to the sun from the estimated position of the body relative to the wing to develop an error signal; driving the wing to track the sun in response to the error signal; detecting the position of the body relative to the sun once per orbit of the satellite by means of a sun sensor mounted on the body; and updating the estimated position of the body relative to the sun with the detected position of the body relative of the sun. 14. The method according to claim 13 wherein the step of estimating the position of the body relative to the sun includes the step of positioning a sensor on the body to detect the sun's position once per orbit of the satellite. 15. The method according to claim 14 wherein the step of positioning a sensor on the body of the satellite includes the steps of positioning two sensors on the body of the satellite, one sensor having a field of view in th e northern hemisphere of the earth and the other sensor having a field of view in the southern hemisphere of the earth, both of the fields of view being in a satellite pitch axis and roll axis. 16. The method according to claim 15 wherein the step of estimating the wing position relative to the body of the satellite includes the step of monitoring the position of the wing as it is tracking the sun. 17. The method according to claim 13 wherein the step of driving the wing includes the steps of applying the error signal to a rate gain system in order to develop a commanded wing rate from a predetermined rate of the sun plus the error signal times a proportionally constant. 18. The method according to claim 17 wherein the step of driving the solar wing further includes the steps of applying the commanded wing rate to a rate limiter in order to limit the commanded rate to an applicable value capable of being handled by the mechanism driving the wing. 19. The method according to claim 18 wherein the step of driving the solar wing further includes applying the commanded wing rate from the rate limiter to an integrator in order to convert a wing rate command to a wing rate angle command. 20. A system for maintaining a desirable orientation of at least one solar wing of an orbiting satellite relative to the sun, said satellite including a satellite body, said system comprising: driver means for driving the at least one solar wing; at least one sun sensor positioned on the body of the satellite to determine the position of the sun relative to the body of the satellite once per orbit of the satellite; and control means for providing a control signal relative to the position of the body of the satellite to the sun in order to command the driver means to move the at least one solar wing to track the sun. 21. The system according to claim 20 further comprising means for determining the position of the solar wing relative to the satellite body. 22. The system according to claim 21 further comprising subtraction means for subtracting the body-to-sun angle from the body-to-wing angle to derive an error signal, said error signal being applied to the driver means to track the sun. 23. The system according to claim 20 wherein the at least one sensor is two sensors aligned along a pitch axis of the satellite, one of the two sensors having a field of view in the northern hemisphere of the earth and the other sensor having a field of view in the southern hemisphere of the earth. 