The solid state memory device consists of a circuit board based system which is mounted in a 3480 type magnetic tape cartridge form factor housing to make this media physically compatible with the 3480 type magnetic tape cartridges. The interconnection of the solid state memory device with the read/write device is by an optical connections which transfer data between the solid state memory device and the associated read/write device. A plurality of batteries in the solid state memory device provide power for the memory retention capability required of the volatile solid state memory devices. The batteries are recharged by the use of a pair of power rails that are incorporated into the exterior housing of the 3480 form factor cartridge. Thus, the associated read/write device applies power to the solid state memory via these power rails when the 3480 form factor cartridge is placed in the associated read/write device. Likewise, an associated manual or automated cartridge storage system supplies power when the cartridge is offline, in storage.
Claims I claim: 1. A removable solid state memory device, for removably inserting into a mating data read/write device to read data from said solid state memory device and write data thereon, comprising: carrier means for mounting thereon a plurality of circuit elements; a plurality of solid state memory devices mounted on said carrier means; battery means mounted on said carrier means for supplying power to said solid state memory devices; optical transceiver means connected to said solid state memory devices for reading/writing data thereon as optically transmitted between said optical transceiver means and said read/write device; and storage cell means for charging said battery means from an external power source when said solid state memory device is located external to said mating data read/write device. 2. The memory device of claim 1, wherein said optical transceiver means contains a plurality of optical transceivers and wherein said removable solid state memory device is loosely coupled to said mating data read/write device to allow an operative distance of up to approximately 3 inches therebetween when each of said optical transceivers has a beamwidth of approximately 7 degrees and is separated from each adjacent one of said optical transceivers by approximately 3/8 inch center-to-center. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said charging means includes: means for electrically coupling a charging current from a source of power, located external to said solid state memory element and in said read/write device, to said battery means to charge said battery means when said solid state memory element is inserted into said read/write device to exchange data between said read/write device and said solid state memory element. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said charging means includes: power rails mounted on said carrier means for electrically contacting mating power source contacts, carrying a source of power to charge said battery means, mounted in said read/write device in a position to engage said power rails when said solid state memory device is inserted into said read/write device. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said solid state memory device includes: exterior housing means, having predetermined exterior dimensions, to present a uniform physical data storage element image to said read/write device and having an opening in one end thereof; power rails mounted on said exterior housing means for electrically contacting mating power source contacts, carrying a source of power to charge said battery means, mounted in said read/write device in a position to engage said power rails when said solid state memory device is inserted into said read/write device. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein said optical transceiver means is mounted on said carrier means adjacent to and optically directed at said opening in said exterior housing means and includes: a plurality of transmitter means, each producing a beam of modulated light for transmitting data from said solid state memory devices to said read/write device, which beam of light has a narrow field of divergence to permit loose coupling between said plurality of transmitter means and said read/write device. 7. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein said optical transceiver means is mounted on said carrier means adjacent to and optically directed at said opening in said exterior housing means and includes: a plurality of receiver means, each receptive to a beam of light modulated to transmit data from said associated read/write device to said solid state memory devices, which beam of light has a narrow field of divergence, for storing said received data in said solid state memory devices. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said solid state memory device includes: at least one photovoltaic means for charging said battery means from ambient light received by said photovoltaic means. 9. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said charging means includes: means for electrically coupling a charging current from a source of power, located external to said solid state memory element and in a cartridge storage apparatus, to said battery means to charge said battery means when said solid state memory element is inserted into said cartridge storage apparatus for storage. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said charging means includes: power rails mounts on said carrier means for electrically contacting mating power source contacts, carrying a source of power to charge said battery means, mounted in a cartridge storage apparatus in a position to engage said power rails when said solid state memory device is inserted into said cartridge storage apparatus. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said solid state memory device includes: exterior housing means, having predetermined exterior dimensions, to present a uniform physical data storage element image to said read/write device, and having an opening in one end thereof; power rails mounted on said exterior housing means for electrically contacting mating power source contacts, carrying a source of power to charge said battery means, mounted in a cartridge storage apparatus in a position to engage said power rails when said solid state memory device is inserted into said cartridge storage apparatus. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said optical transceiver means includes: a plurality of transmitter means, each producing a beam of modulated light for transmitting data from said solid state memory devices to said associated read/write device, which beam of light has a narrow field of divergence to permit loose coupling therebetween. 13. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said optical transceiver means includes: a plurality of receiver means, each receptive to a beam of light modulated to transmit data from said associated read/write device to said solid state memory devices, which beam of light has a narrow field of divergence, for storing said received data in said solid state memory devices. 14. A data storage element for housing solid state memory in an optical connectorized media format for handling by a robotic data storage and retrieval system comprising: exterior housing means having predetermined exterior dimensions, to present a uniform physical data storage element image to said robotic data storage and retrieval system, and having an opening in one end thereof; carrier means located within said exterior housing means for mounting thereon a plurality of circuit elements; a plurality of solid state memory devices mounted on said carrier means; battery means mounted on said carrier means for supplying power to said solid state memory devices; optical transceiver means mounted on said carrier means and optically facing said opening, connected to said solid state memory devices for reading/writing data thereon as optically transmitted into said opening between said optical transceiver means and said read/write device; and means for charging said battery means from a power source located external to said exterior housing of said solid state memory element. 15. The apparatus of claim 14 wherein said charging means includes: power rails mounted on a surface of said exterior housing means for electrically contacting mating power source contacts, carrying a source of power to charge said battery means, mounted in said read/write device in a position to engage said power rails when said solid state memory element is inserted into said read/write device. 16. The apparatus of claim 14 wherein said charging means includes: means for electromagnetically coupling a charging current from a source of power, located external to said solid state memory element exterior housing means and in said read/write device, to said battery means to charge said battery means when said solid state memory element is inserted into said read/write device to exchange data between said read/write device and said solid state memory element. 17. The apparatus of claim 14 wherein said optical transceiver means includes: a plurality of transmitter means, each producing a beam of modulated light for transmitting data from said solid state memory devices to said associated read/write device, which beam of light has a narrow field of divergence to permit loose coupling between said plurality of transmitter means and said associated read/write device. 18. The apparatus of claim 14 wherein said optical transceiver means includes: a plurality of receiver means, each receptive to a beam of light modulated to transmit data from said associated read/write device to said solid state memory devices, which beam of light has a narrow field of divergence, for storing said received data in said solid state memory devices. 19. The apparatus of claim 14 wherein said solid state memory device includes: at least one photovoltaic means for charging said battery means from ambient light received by said photovoltaic means. 20. The apparatus of claim 14 wherein said charging means includes: power rails mounted on a surface of said exterior housing means for electrically contacting mating power source contacts, carrying a source of power to charge said battery means, mounted in a cartridge storage apparatus in a position to engage said power rails when said solid state memory element is inserted into said cartridge storage apparatus. 21. The apparatus of claim 14 wherein said charging means includes: means for electrically coupling a charging current from a source of power, located external to said solid state memory element exterior housing means and in a cartridge storage apparatus, to said battery means to charge said battery means when said solid state memory element is inserted into said cartridge storage apparatus. 22. A removable solid state memory element, for removably inserting into a mating data read/write device to read data from said solid state memory element and write data thereon, comprising: carrier means for mounting thereon a plurality of devices; a plurality of solid state memory devices mounted on said carrier means; battery means mounted on said carrier means for supplying power to said solid state memory devices; and optical transceiver means connected to said solid state memory devices for reading/writing data thereon as optically transmitted between said optical transceiver means and said read/write device, including: a plurality of transmitter means, each producing a beam of modulated light for transmitting data from said solid state memory devices to said associated read/write device, which beam of light has a narrow field of divergence, a plurality of receiver means, each receptive to a beam of light modulated to transmit data from said associated read/write device to said solid state memory devices, which beam of light has a narrow field of divergence, for storing said received data in said solid state memory devices; means for charging said battery means from a power source located external to said solid state memory element, including: power rails mounted on an exterior surface of said solid state memory element for electrically contacting mating power source contacts, carrying a source of power to charge said battery means, mounted in said read/write device in a position to engage said power rails when said solid state memory element is inserted into said read/write device. 