A raisable hood plate mechanism for a vehicle hood comprises a pair of large plates laterally spaced in separate centered openings on opposite sides of the hood. The plates are pivotable along front edges and raisable at rear edges to provide rear-facing engine compartment ventilation, as well as glare deflection from the operator's eyes and bug and stone deflection from the windshield. The plate can be opened manually or by mechanical, fluid or electrical remote actuation mechanisms. An automatic closer can be employed. The plate can be light transmissive and solar collectors can be used with the plate.
Claims I claim: 1. In a vehicle having a raisable hood that covers an engine compartment, the improvement comprising a raisable hood plate mechanism mounted in at least one opening in the hood, the hood plate mechanism comprising: at least one plate that fits over each opening; mounting means for mounting each plate in an opening for pivotal movement about a transverse axis positioned toward a front portion of the plate in the direction of vehicle movement, such that a rear edge of the plate can be pivoted between a lowered position wherein the plate lies flat with respect to the hood and substantially closes the opening, and a raised position wherein the rear edge of the plate is raised above the hood, creating a rear-facing engine compartment ventilation opening at the rear edge of the plate; latch means for selectively holding the plate in its raised and lowered positions and solar panel means for generating electricity. 2. A hood plate mechanism according to claim 1, wherein the plate has a mirrored exterior finish. 3. A hood plate mechanism according to claim 1, wherein the hood plate mechanism comprises two generally rectangular plates, each plate being mounted in its own hood opening in the hood; the openings being formed side-by-side on opposite lateral sides of the hood, the plates being pivotally connected to the hood openings along a front edge thereof, in the direction of vehicle movement, and the plates being selectively raisable between raised and lowered positions along a rear edge thereof so as to open and close a vent opening between the rear edge of the plates and the adjacent edge of its hood opening. 4. A hood plate mechanism according to claim 1, wherein one hood plate is positioned directly in front of the driver's position in the vehicle and is sufficiently large and can be raised to a sufficiently elevated position with respect tot he surface of the hood that the hood plate, when raised, deflects particles entrained in air passing over the hood away from the windshield and deflects solar glare away from the eyes of a vehicle operator under conditions where there would otherwise be a disturbing glare off the vehicle hood. 5. A hood plate mechanism to claim 1, wherein the hood has a generally horizontal surface where the hood plate mechanism is mounted and the total area of the one or more plates is at least ten percent (10%) of the area of the horizontal surface of the hood. 6. A hood plate mechanism according to claim 1, wherein the hood plate mechanism comprises one or more generally rectangular plates each having a surface area of about one square foot or more, each plate being mounted in its own opening in the hood, each plate being generally flush with the surface of the hood when in its lowered position, each plate having a rear edge that extends upwardly at least one inch from the plane of the hood when raised, each plate having a front edge that remains in the plane of the hood and is pivotally attached thereto when the rear edge of the plate is raised, the raising of the rear edge of the plate urging deflection of air currents, bugs and solar glare away from the vehicle windshield, while at the same time providing a rear facing vent opening from the engine compartment, the raised plate providing an inclined surface facing the air moving over the hood when the vehicle is moving, such movement f air over the vehicle hood and the rear edge of the inclined plate enhancing the withdrawal of heated air from the engine compartment when the vehicle is moving forward. 7. A hood plate mechanism according to claim 1, wherein the mechanism comprises at least one hood plate opening and a hood plate covering the opening, the rear edge of the hood plate being positioned at least six (6) inches forward oft he rear edge of the hood, a vehicle windshield being located adjacent the rear edge of the hood. 8. A hood plate mechanism according to claim 1 wherein the mounting means comprises a frame that extends around the periphery of the opening in the hood and is attached thereto, the hood plate fitting into the frame and closing the opening when the plate is seated int he frame, the plate being connected to the frame by pivot connectors at a front edge of the plate and being connected to the frame at a rear edge of the plate by the latch means, the latch means extending between the plate and frame. 9. A hood plate mechanism according to claim 8, wherein the latch means is a pivot linkage interconnecting the rear edge of the plate with an adjacent portion of the frame, the pivot linkage being capable of releasably locking the plate in its closed position, and being pivotable to permit the rear edge of the plate to be raised to its raised position above the hood, the pivot linkage being capable of holding the plate in its raised position. 10. A hood plate mechanism according to claim 8, wherein the mechanism comprises a pair of generally square shaped hood plates positioned in separate hood openings which are spaced laterally apart on opposite sides of the hood, the hood plates being positioned inwardly of peripheral edges of the hood, the plates being at least about three-quarters (3/4) of a square foot per plate, the rear edges of the plate being raisable at least about two (2) inches above the surface of the hood in their raised positions. 11. A hood plate mechanism according to claim 10, wherein the hood plates are mounted in a generally flat, horizontal surface of the hood and the hood plate mechanism comprises about ten percent (10%) to about thirty percent (30%) of the total area of said surface. 12. A hood plate mechanism according to claim 1 and further comprising a remote actuation means for raising and lowering the hood plate from the interior of the vehicle. 13. A hood plate mechanism according to claim 12, wherein the remote actuation means comprises: a movable linkage interconnecting the plate and the hood that can be manipulated to move the plate between its lowered and raised positions; and manually actuatable cable means extending between the movable linkage and a manually movable member inside the vehicle, manual operation of the movable member causing the cable means to manipulate the movable linkage to raise and lower the plate. 14. A hood plate mechanism according to claim 12, wherein the remote actuation means comprises solenoid means drivingly connected to the plate for raising and lowering the plate, the solenoid means being actuated by a switch located in the vehicle. 15. A hood plate mechanism according to claim 12, wherein the remote actuation means comprises a fluid driven drive cylinder means drivingly connected to the plate to raise and lower the plate, wherein fluid drive means actuated from the interior of the vehicle provides fluid to the drive cylinder to raise and lower the plate. 16. A hood plate mechanism according to claim 12, wherein the remote actuation means comprises an electrically operated or fluid operated motor that provides a rotative drive force and a gear means driven by the rotative drive force of the motor for raising and lowering the plate. 17. A hood plate mechanism according to claim 12, wherein the remote actuation means is electrically operated and further comprising automatic closing means for actuating the remote actuation means to automatically close the plate at least after a period of time if the vehicle is parked and left with the plate open. 18. A hood plate mechanism according to claim 17, wherein the automatic closing means is actuated by a thermostatic switch means that causes the plate to be closed when the engine temperature drops to a level indicating that the engine has been turned off. 19. A hood plate mechanism according to claim 17, wherein the automatic closing means is actuated by a timer switch means that causes the plate to be closed in response to a change in the vehicle electrical system that reflects that the vehicle has been turned off. 20. A hood plate mechanism according to claim 1, wherein the plate comprises light transmissive material that transmits solar radiation to the interior of the engine compartment. 21. A hood plate mechanism according to claim 20, wherein the hood plate is sufficiently transparent to permit a person to see into the engine compartment through the plate. 22. A hood plate mechanism according to claim 20, wherein the plate is formed of a darkly smoked material such that the plate transmits filtered light but appears to be a dark panel to visual inspection. 