An apparatus for utilizing solar energy with solar cells, which are arranged on a supporting structure and are connected electrically to one another and have an external connection for discharging the electrical energy. Several solar cells are parts of a frameless solar cell element, in which the solar cells are enclosed next to one another between film strips or panels. At least one side of the laminate, which faces the sunlight, is flat and transparent. The solar cell laminate lies on a supporting structure, which comprises two covering layers and a supporting foam layer therebetween, the support being formed with a recessed circumferential edge. The laminate lies on the edge, flush with the upper side of the supporting structure. The support body is constructed in undulating fashion between two parallel sections of edge, in order to support the solar cell laminate on the higher sections and to provide, with the lower sections, ducts for conducting coolant as well as for accommodating electrical conductors.
Claims We claim: 1. Apparatus for mounting solar panels comprising solar cell element means including a plurality of solar panel means in adjacent coplanar disposition, each solar panel means having a top solar energy receiving surface and a bottom surface, first lamination means covering said bottom surfaces of said solar panel means, and second lamination means overlaying said top surfaces of said solar panel means, said second lamination means being translucent, and support means having an upper generally planar surface with a recess having parallel flanges along its edges on which said solar cell element means is supported with said second lamination means substantially coplanar with said upper surface, said solar element means being firmly connected to said support means by said second lamination means, said support means comprising first and second mats with a rigid foam profile means inserted therebetween, said support means further having connecting ducts that run perpendicularly to the planes of said mats, said profile means being connected to said mats by a synthetic resin applied in the flowable state to the outside of said first mat and aspirated by a vacuum through said first mat, through the connecting ducts, and through said second mat to impart smooth surfaces to the mats and, hence, the support means. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said second lamination means is stretched smoothly over the solar cell element means mounted on the upper side of said support means. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said second lamination means is glued to said support means. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein said glue comprises a water soluble adhesive. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said support means comprises a resilient member mounted on said planar surface. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein said layer comprises sponge rubber. 7. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein there is a gap between said solar cell element means and said support means, said gap being sealed with a permanently elastic composition. 8. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein said recesses are essentially rectangular. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein said recesses have corners that are rounded off and are tapered with distance from said solar cell element means. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the upper surfaces of said support means and said solar cell element means form a horizontal, generally flat, surface of a ship. 11. The apparatus of claim 10 wherein said ship surface is a deck surface. 