A battery charger employing the gassing point of a lead-acid battery to determine the end of charge time and voltage. A charging level sensor takes two voltage samples of a predetermined time period to determine the change in voltage rate. If the change in voltage rate exceeds a predetermined amount the batteries are considered to be gassing. The batteries are further charged for a predetermined amount of time after the gassing phase has been entered. The invention provides a load management control function to provide a safe DC charge voltage when a hall effect sensor senses a DC load. The charger is cut off if a house load is used while the battery is being charged. The charging circuit achieves different end of charge voltages depending on a user selected battery type. The battery charger is a constant voltage temperature compensated current limited charger.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A gas point detection method for use in charging a battery that reaches a gassing point while being charged comprising the steps of: (a) measuring a charge voltage; (b) waiting a predetermined amount of time; (c) measuring a second charge voltage; and (d) comparing the first voltage to the second voltage and determining a gassing phase to be a predetermined amount of voltage difference over the predetermined time period. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the predetermined time period is in a range between 20 and 30 seconds. 3. A method of claim 1 wherein the predetermined voltage difference is in a range between 90 and 400 millivolts. 4. A charging method for a battery that gasses while being charged by a battery charger including a gas point detector circuit, a charging circuit and an overcharge timer, the method comprising the steps of: (a) turning the battery charger on to supply charge current to the battery; (b) measuring the charging current; (c) continuing to measure the charge current until the charge current is less than a predetermined amount; (d) turning the charger off; (e) enabling the gas point detector circuit; (f) waiting a first predetermined amount of time for the charge circuit to reach quiescence; (g) taking a first voltage sample from the charging circuit; (h) waiting a second predetermined amount of time; (i) taking a second voltage sample; (j) comparing the first voltage sample to the second voltage sample and if the difference between the two voltages is greater than a predetermined reference voltage then determining that the gas point has been reached; (k) disabling the gas point detector circuit; (l) resetting the overcharge timer to a predetermined starting time; (m) starting the overcharge timer and waiting until the overcharge timer times out after a predetermined overcharge timer time period; and (n) turning off the charger when the overcharge timer times out. 5. The method of claim 4 further including the step of monitoring the cell voltage and turning on the battery charger when the cell voltage falls below a predetermined cell voltage value. 6. A gas point detection apparatus for detecting the gassing point of a battery having battery terminals, the apparatus comprising: (a) a first sample and hold connected at a first input to a first battery terminal to sample the battery voltage at a first time; (b) a second sample and hold connected at a first input to the first battery terminal to sample the battery voltage at a second time; (c) a first comparator to compare the voltage of the first sample and hold from the second sample and hold having a voltage difference output; and (d) a second comparator connected to the voltage difference output, wherein the second comparator compares the voltage difference output to a predetermined reference voltage and the second comparator has a gas point detector output. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 further comprising: (a) a charge current line; (b) means for detecting a low current signal having a first input connected to the charge current line, the low current detection means generating a low current signal; (c) a first timing means to measure an overcharge over an overcharge time period, the first timing means having an overcharge output and a control input wherein the first timing means also has a gate input connected to the gas point detector output; (d) a battery charger having a control input and having charge outputs connected to the terminals of the battery; (e) a control means to provide a DC power ON/OFF signal, the control means connected to the overcharge output such that the DC power ON/OFF signal is activated when the first timing means is activated or the gas point detector output is not activated, wherein the DC power ON/OFF signal is connected to the battery charger control input, and further wherein activation of the DC power ON/OFF signal initiates a flow of charge current to the battery from the battery charger; and (f) means connected to the control input of the first timing means of activating the first timing means to time out when the charge mode signal line is activated, the low current signal line is activated and the gas point detector output line is activated. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein the means for detecting a low current signal further has a second input connected to a predetermined reference value so as to allow sampling the charge current line and comparing it to the predetermined reference value. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 further comprising: (a) a first counter including a 1100 millisecond timer having a sample clock input and a 1100 millisecond delayed output; and (b) a second counter including a 25 second timer connected to the output of the 1100 millisecond timer having a 25 second delayed output; (c) a third counter connected to the output of the 1100 millisecond counter having a first sample and hold enable output connected to a second input of the first sample and hold; and (d) a fourth counter connected to the output of the 25 second delay counter having a second ample and hold enable output connected to a second input of the second sample and hold. 10. The apparatus of claim 9 wherein the apparatus further comprises: (a) an automatic refresh charge circuit comprising an automatic refresh comparator means including a first input connected to the first battery terminal and a second input connected to a predetermined reference voltage, wherein the automatic refresh comparator means provides a refresh signal on a refresh output; wherein the first timing means includes a reset input connected to receive the refresh output so as to activate the first timing means which, in turn, activates the control means so as to operate the battery charger to charge the battery when the battery per cell voltage drops below a predetermined value. 11. The apparatus of claim 10 wherein the predetermined reference voltage is at least 2.1 volts per cell. 12. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein the battery terminals are connected to a DC distribution line, the apparatus further including a means for sensing DC current coupled to the DC distribution line wherein the DC current sense means provides a house load control signal. 13. The apparatus of claim 12 wherein the DC current sensing means comprises a hall effect sensor. 14. The apparatus of claim 12 further comprising: (a) means for converting solar energy into electrical energy on a solar energy output; and (b) means having an input coupled to the solar energy output for regulating voltage having output lines connected to the battery terminals. 15. The apparatus of claim 14 further including: (a) an auxiliary AC power source having an output; (b) a transfer switch having a first input coupled to the auxiliary AC power source output and having a second input; (c) an inverter having an output coupled to the second input of the transfer switch and having a control input; (d) the battery charger having an AC input connected to the output of the auxiliary AC power source wherein the battery charger charges the battery by drawing current from the auxiliary AC power source; and (e) wherein the transfer switch is operated to provide AC power to a distribution center through the inverter if the battery is sufficiently charged or through the auxiliary AC power source if the battery is not sufficiently charged. 16. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein the battery charger further includes a current limit control input, the apparatus further comprising: (a) means for selecting one of a plurality of storage battery types, the selecting means having an output providing a selected end of charge signal for the selected one battery type; (b) means for limiting charge current having a current error input connected to the selected end of charge signal and a current error output connected to the current limit control input wherein the charge current is limited in proportion to the selected end of charge signal. 17. The apparatus of claim 16 wherein the plurality of battery types are selected from the group consisting of maintenance free, conventional, sealed-absorbed and sealed-gelled batteries. 18. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein the control means further includes watchdog timer means having a timer output connected to a second input of the control means wherein the timer output carries a time out signal and the control means responds to the timer output by operating the DC power ON/OFF signal to shut off the battery charger unless the battery charger was previously turned off. 