A lighting unit having a source of illumination on a support with there being simulated vegetation on the support. The support includes a base that simulates a natural stem for the vegetation.
Claims I claim: 1. A lighting unit comprising: a source of illumination; a support for said illumination source; means for connecting the illumination source to the support; and means on the support for simulating vegetation, said support including a base simulating a natural stem for the simulated vegetation, said base having a peripheral surface bounding a space, said source of illumination residing at least partially within the space bounded by the peripheral surface so that light from the illumination source projects from within the space bounded by the peripheral surface to externally of the base, whereby the lighting unit serves the dual purpose of a) producing the appearance of natural vegetation and b) providing illumination. 2. The lighting unit according to claim 1 wherein the illumination source comprises an area light. 3. The lighting unit according to claim 1 wherein the illumination source comprises at least one of a flood light and a spot light. 4. The lighting unit according to claim 1 wherein the illumination source comprises a means for projecting light through approximately 360.degree. around the base. 5. The lighting unit according to claim 4 wherein the vegetation simulating means is located so that the light projecting around the base is unobstructed by the vegetation simulating means through a substantial distance around the periphery of the support. 6. The lighting unit according to claim 1 further including a lens and means for mounting the lens to the base, said connecting means connecting the illumination source to the support so that light from the illumination source projects through the lens. 7. The lighting unit according to claim 6 wherein the base has spaced ends and the mounting means mounts the lens to the base between the ends thereof. 8. The lighting unit according to claim 1 wherein the vegetation simulating means and base together produce the appearance of at least one of a) a flower, b) a bush, and c) a tree. 9. The lighting unit according to claim 1 wherein the base has spaced ends and the base is interrupted between the ends thereof around the entire peripheral surface to accommodate the illumination source. 10. The lighting unit according to claim 1 including a line for delivering power from a supply to the illumination source, there being means on the line for camouflaging the line. 11. The lighting unit according to claim 10 wherein there is a portion of the line that extends away from the support and said camouflaging means comprises means for causing the portion of said line to appear like a live vine. 12. A lighting unit comprising: a source of illumination; a support for said illumination source having a peripheral surface and spaced ends and comprises a vertically extending member with a central axis; means for connecting the illumination source to the support so that light projects from said illumination source through approximately a full 360 around the peripheral surface of the support from a point approximately at the central axis of the support between the spaced ends of the support; and means on the support that is at least one of a) simulated vegetation and b) natural vegetation, wherein the illumination source is an area light. 13. The lighting unit according to claim 12 wherein the illumination source is at least one of a flood light and a spot light. 14. The lighting unit according to claim 12 wherein the means on the support is at least part of at least one of a) a tree, b) a bush, and c) a flower. 15. The lighting unit according to claim 12 including solar energy receiving means and means for connecting the energy receiving means to the illumination source so as to supply energy from the energy receiving means to the illumination source. 16. The lighting unit according to claim 12 wherein the support is interrupted where the illumination source resides. 17. The lighting unit according to claim 12 including a line for delivering power from a supply to the illumination source, there being means on the line for camouflaging the line. 18. The lighting unit according to claim 17 wherein there is a portion of the line extending away from the support and said camouflaging means comprises means for causing the portion of said line to appear like a live vine. 19. The lighting unit according to claim 12 wherein the support has spaced ends a generally cylindrical configuration with a first axis and there is a lens having a generally cylindrical configuration with a second axis, the first and second axes are substantially parallel, and light from the illumination source projects through the lens from a location between the ends of the support. 