The present invention discloses an unattended lawn mowing system in which multiple solar powered self propelled, random motion lawn mowers are used singly or in combination to mow a pre-defined lawn area. The mowing zone is defined as a region of grass bounded by naturally occurring or man made obstacles of infinite variation including, but not limited to, high grass, flowers, trees, fences and lawn edging. Each mowing unit is a solar powered, self-propelled, random motion lawn mower which comprises a frame with a set of drive and coaster wheels on the frame. A set of batteries and battery powered electric motors are mounted on said frame with output means from the motors to power drive wheels and a cutting mechanism on the frame. Photovoltaic panels are mounted on said frame to receive solar rays and convert them into electrical power to charge the batteries with means for controlling the orientation of the solar panels so as to face the direction of greatest solar intensity. The actuation of the mower is controlled by monitoring means that detects the battery charge level and the solar energy output of the panels. Such actuation modes include starting the mower, stopping the mower, altering the direction of travel of the mower and re-charging the batteries of the mower. Random motion of the mowers is accommodated by providing contact switches on the outer periphery of the frame of the mower so that direction of the mowers is changed by more than 90 degrees when the contact switches impact a physical barrier surrounding or within the area to be cut. The mower further includes switch means so constructed that the solar cells are connected to said batteries in a manner that allows for automatic switching between batteries for optimum use and re-charging.
Claims We claim: 1. A lawn mower which comprises: a. a frame; b. drive and coaster wheels mounted on said frame; c. a cutting mechanism mounted on said frame; d. electric motor means on said frame for individually driving said wheels and cutting mechanism; e. rechargeable energy means on said frame for powering said electric motor means; f. multiple solar panels on said frame for re-charging said energy means; g. means on said frame responsive to physical barriers to change the direction of travel of said wheels; h. means for monitoring the output of said solar panels and said energy means so as to alter the operation of the mower to optimize the use of the available solar intensity. 2. The lawn mower according to claim 1 which further includes means for tracking the direction of optimum solar intensity and aligning said solar panels with said optimum solar intensity direction. 3. The lawn mower according to claim 1 in which said means responsive to physical barriers comprises contact sensors on the radially outward side of said frame. 4. The lawn mower according to claim 1 in which said re-chargeable energy means on said frame comprises a pair of storage batteries. 5. The lawn mower according to claim 4 in which said storage batteries comprise nickel-cadmium storage batteries. 6. The lawn mower according to claim 5 which further includes means for operating said power requirements of said mower from one of said batteries while re-charging said other battery. 7. The lawn mower according to claim 6 which further includes means for completely discharging the operating battery before re-charging said battery. 8. The lawn mower according to claim 1 in which said multiple solar panels comprise three individual panels on vertical centerlines one hundred twenty degrees apart from one another. 9. The lawn mower according to claim 1 in which said solar panels are panels of photovoltaic cells. 10. The lawn mower according to claim 9 in which said solar panels are comprised of photovoltaic cells. 11. The lawn mower according to claim 1 which further comprises circuitry means on said mower for activating and deactivating said mower operation depending on said solar intensity. 12. The lawn mower according to claim 11 which further comprises circuitry means on said mower for avoiding shaded areas during certain parts of said mower operation. 13. The lawn mower according to claim 12 in which said circuitry means on said mower for avoiding shaded areas comprises monitoring means for detecting solar energy output and energy charge levels so as to avoid shaded areas under predetermined conditions. 14. The lawn mower according to claim 1 which further includes means for automatically starting and stopping said mower operations that are determined by predetermined levels of energy level charge and solar panel output. 15. The lawn mower according to claim 1 in which said cutting mechanism comprises co-operating elements of shearing blades including a stationary blade and a rotary blade for trimming the tips of the grass to a predetermined height. 16. The lawn mower according to claim 7 in which said cutting mechanism comprises co-operating elements of shearing blades including a stationary blade and a rotary blade for trimming the tips of the grass to a predetermined height. 17. The lawn mower according to claim 12 in which said cutting mechanism comprises co-operating elements of shearing blades including a stationary blade and a rotary blade for trimming the tips of the grass to a predetermined height. 18. The lawn mower according to claim 14 in which said cutting mechanism comprises co-operating elements of shearing blades including a stationary blade and a rotary blade for trimming the tips of the grass to a predetermined height. 19. The lawn mower according to claim 2 in which said cutting mechanism comprises co-operating elements of shearing blades including a stationary blade and a rotary blade for trimming the tips of the grass to a predetermined height. 20. The method of mowing a lawn which comprises the steps of: a. providing a physical barrier around the perimeter of an area to be mowed; b. providing a self-driven unattended solar rechargeable battery powered mowing devices within the perimeter of the area to be mowed; c. providing battery means for operating the mowing device; d. providing actuation means controlled by monitoring devices that detect and compare solar electrical energy output with battery charge level; e. providing contact sensors on said mowing devices that upon contact with said physical barrier operatively changes the direction of said mowing devices by more than 90 degrees. 21. The method of mowing a lawn according to claim 20 which further includes the step of providing two batteries for said battery means, with one of said two batteries for driving said mowing device and the other of said two batteries for accepting a charge from said solar electrical output means, and circuitry for switching the connections between batteries when said drive battery charge is depleted and said other battery is fully charged. 22. The method of mowing a lawn according to claim 21 which further includes the step of starting said mower operation when said monitors detect a fully charged battery and a solar energy output greater than zero with said fully charged battery being the drive battery. 23. The method of mowing a lawn according to claim 21 which further includes the step of stopping said mower operation when the charge on said drive battery is depleted and said other battery is not fully charged. 24. The method of mowing a lawn according to claim 21 which further includes changing the direction of the mowing device when the battery charge levels are below a pre-determined level and the solar energy electrical output is below a pre-determined level. 25. The method of mowing a lawn according to claim 20 which further includes the step of providing solar panels on said mowing device to provide said solar energy electrical output. 26. The method of mowing a lawn according to claim 25 which further includes a swivel mount and motor means for each said solar panel and means for controlling the panels so that they face towards the direction of greatest solar intensity. 