An electrical harnessing structure for connecting to vehicle electrical components to an instrument panel, which is constituted by an instrument panel core to which the vehicle electrical components are mounted, and an instrument panel mount member for mounting the instrument panel core to a vehicle body component portion. The harnessing structure includes an electrical harnessing member divided at least into a first electrical harnessing member portion and a second electrical harnessing member portion, and consisting of a bundle of a plurality of electric wires, a first mounting member for mounting the first electrical harnessing member portion to the instrument panel mount member, a second mounting member for mounting the second electrical harnessing member portion to the instrument panel core, and a connect member for connecting the first and second electrical harnessing member portions to each other.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electrical harnessing structure for connecting vehicle room electrical components to vehicle body electrical components, by assembling an instrument panel, to which said vehicle room electrical components provided on a vehicle room front portion are mounted, with an instrument panel core facing to the vehicle room and an instrument panel mount member facing to a vehicle body front side, and by attaching said instrument panel to a cowl panel fixed to the vehicle body front side, which comprises: an electrical harnessing member having a bundle of electric wires, said electrical harnessing member being divided at least into a first electrical harnessing member portion mounted to said instrument panel mount member and a second electrical harnessing member portion mounted to said instrument panel core, said first electrical harnessing member portion being connected to a first electrical component group mounted to a front portion of said instrument panel, and said second electrical harnessing member portion being connected to a second electrical component group mounted to an upper portion of said instrument panel; first mounting means for mounting said first electrical harnessing member portion to said instrument panel mount member; second mounting means for mounting said second electrical harnessing member portion to said instrument panel core; connect means for connecting said instrument panel mount member and said instrument panel core to each other; at least one connector for connecting said first and second electrical harnessing member portions to each other; a plurality of connectors for connecting said first electrical component group to said first electrical harnessing member portion; a plurality of connectors for connecting said second electrical component group to said second electrical harnessing member portion; and at least one connector for connecting said first electrical harnessing member portion to said vehicle body electrical components. 2. The structure according to claim 1, which further comprises: a control unit, arranged on a portion where said first and second electrical harnessing member portions are connected to each other, for executing a predetermined control sequence. 3. The structure according to claim 2, wherein said control unit is mounted on said instrument panel mount member. 4. The structure according to claim 3, wherein said control unit comprises a connector portion to which said connect means is connected. 5. The structure according to claim 1, wherein said first electrical harnessing member portion comprises a control unit for executing a predetermined control sequence. 6. The structure according to claim 2, wherein said first electrical harnessing member portion comprises a connector to be connected to a vehicle, a connector for connecting said control unit, a connector for connecting a fuel lid opener switch, a connector for connecting a trunk lid opener switch, a connector for connecting an air conditioner switch, a connector for connecting audio equipment, a connector for connecting a center console, a connector for connecting meters, and a connector for connecting column switches. 7. The structure according to claim 2, wherein said second electrical harnessing member portion comprises a connector for connecting a solar radiation sensor for auto lighting control, a connector for connecting a glove box lamp, a connector for connecting a glove box lamp switch, a connector for connecting a solar radiation sensor for an air conditioner, and a connector for connecting said control unit. 8. The structure according to claim 1, wherein a connecting portion between said first and second electrical harnessing member portions is located at a position near a fixing portion between said instrument panel core and said instrument panel mount member. 9. The structure according to claim 5, wherein said first electrical harnessing member portion comprises, as the connectors for connecting said first electrical component group to said first electrical harnessing member portion, a connector to be connected to a vehicle, a connector for connecting said control unit, a connector for connecting a fuel lid opener switch, a connector for connecting a trunk lid opener switch, a connector for connecting an air conditioner switch, a connector for connecting audio equipment, a connector for connecting a center console, a connector for connecting meters, and a connector for connecting column switches. 10. The structure according to claim 5, wherein said second electrical harnessing member portion comprises a connector for connecting a solar radiation sensor for auto lighting control, a connector for connecting a glove box lamp, a connector for connecting a glove box lamp switch and a connector for connecting a solar radiation sensor for an air conditioner. 