A device for signalling remotely the state of a device able to assume a plurality of discrete states comprises a circuit for producing inside a screened enclosure a direct current voltage free of interference. The screened enclosure contains a first circuit for producing from the direct current voltage electrical pulses whose duration is proportional to the value of an inductance which can assume distinct values according to the various states of the device. A second circuit converts the electrical pulses into optical pulses and an optical fiber transmits the pulses out of the enclosure to a processor.
Claims I claim: 1. Device for signalling remotely the state of an apparatus able to assume a plurality of discrete states, comprising: means for producing inside a screened enclosure a direct current voltage free of interference, said screened enclosure containing: first means for producing from said direct current voltage electrical pulses whose duration is proportional to the value of an inductor which can assume distinct values according to the various states of the apparatus, second means for converting said electrical pulses into optical pulses and an optical fiber for transmitting said optical pulses out of said enclosure to a processor, said first means comprising a circuit for producing rectangular pulses of constant duration separated by equal time intervals, an integrator receiving said rectangular pulses, a first inverter receiving the output signals of said integrator and supplying calibrated pulses at its output, a time constant circuit comprising a resistor and said inductor, the output signals of said first inverter being applied to the input of said time constant circuit and to a second inverter, the output signals of said time constant circuit and said second inverter being fed to the input of a third inverter whose output is connected to an amplifier driving said second means. 2. Device according to claim 1 wherein said means for producing a direct current voltage comprises a photovoltaic cell inside said screened enclosure and adapted to be illuminated through a window in the latter by a light source. 3. Device according to claim 1 wherein said means for producing a direct current voltage comprise an integrated photovoltaic cell inside said screened enclosure and associated with an optical fiber fed with light by a laser diode. 4. Device according to claim 1 wherein said second means is a photodiode. 5. Device according to claim 1 wherein said processor comprises a demodulator and a self-monitor circuit. 6. Device according to claim 5 wherein said demodulator comprises a photovoltaic converter receiving the signal from said optical fiber, a Schmitt trigger and a D-type flip-flop. 7. Device according to claim 5 wherein said self-monitor circuit comprises a diode pump circuit driving an output transistor. 8. Device according to claim 6 wherein said self-monitor circuit comprises an exclusive-OR gate connected by a first input on an input side of said D-type flip-flop and having a second input connected to a microcontroller adapted to apply to said second input a tests pulse of duration exceeding the duration of said rectangular pulses, said microcontroller being connected to said D-type flip-flop and being programmed to observe a change of the position information during a monitoring period when the apparatus is idle between changes in said discrete states. 