A sunshade for providing protection from the sun has an upright support member and a sunshield pivotally mounted to the support member for movement between two angular positions. The sunshield is incrementally moved by a motor between the two angular positions to dispose the sunshield in desired position relative to the position of the sun.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A sunshade for providing protection from the sun comprising: an upright support member; a sunshield comprising a semicircular member having an arcuate edge and a straight edge and wherein the semicircular member comprises a hollow body and two side members slidably received in the hollow body for movement toward and away from each other to adjust the width thereof; means pivotally mounting the sunshield to the support member for movement between a first angular position and a second angular position; and energizable means for incrementally moving the sunshield between the first and second angular positions to dispose the sunshield in a desired position relative to the position of the sun. 2. The sunshade according to claim 1, wherein the means mounting the sunshield comprises means pivotally connecting the semicircular member at the arcuate edge to the support member. 3. The sunshade according to claim 2, wherein the means for pivotally connecting the semicircular member to the support member comprises a hinge. 4. The sunshade according to claim 1, wherein the means for moving the sunshield comprises a step motor having a rotatable power shaft and a transmission connecting the shaft to the sunshield to pivot same in response to the rotation of the shaft. 5. The sunshade according to claim 4, wherein the means for moving the sunshield further comprises a timer for periodically energizing the motor to effect a gradual movement of the sunshield between the first and second positions in accordance with the position of the sun. 6. The sunshade according to claim 5, wherein the means for moving comprises a battery for energizing the motor. 7. The sunshield according to claim 5, wherein the means for moving comprises photovoltaic cells for energizing the motor and wherein the cells are mounted on surfaces of the sunshield. 8. The sunshade according to claim 1, wherein the support member comprises a pole. 9. The sunshade according to claim 8, wherein the mean pivotally mounting the sunshield comprises a sleeve disposed around the pole for sliding movement therealong, means pivotally mounting the sunshield to the sleeve and means for releasably retaining the sleeve at a top portion of the pole. 10. The sunshade according to claim 1, wherein the sunshield has means for adjusting a width thereof. 11. The sunshade according to claim 1, wherein the sunshield has two parallel spaced apart main surfaces each with parallel elongated slots and wherein the slots of one main surface are offset with respect to those of the other main surface. 12. A method for providing protection from the sun comprising the steps of: pivotally mounting a sunshield to a support member for movement between a first angular position and a second angular position; incrementally moving the sunshield between the first and second angular positions to dispose the sunshield in a desired position relative to the position of the sun; and adjusting a width of the sunshield by providing a hollow body and two side members slidably received in the hollow body for the sunshield and moving the side members toward and away from each other to adjust the width of the sunshield. 13. The method according to claim 12, wherein the sunshield comprises a semicircular member having an arcuate edge and a straight edge and wherein the step of mounting the sunshield comprises pivotally connecting the semicircular member at the arcuate edge to the support member. 14. The method according to claim 12, wherein the step of moving the sunshield comprises stepping a rotatable power shaft connected to the sunshield to pivot same in response to the rotation of the shaft. 15. The method according to claim 14, wherein the step of stepping comprises periodically energizing a motor to effect a gradual movement of the sunshield between the first and second positions in accordance with the position of the sun. 16. The method according to claim 15, wherein the step of energizing comprises energizing the motor with a battery. 17. A sunshade for providing protection from the sun comprising: an upright support member; a sunshield comprises a hollow body and two side members slidably received in the hollow body for movement toward and away from each other to adjust a width thereof; said sunshield further having two parallel spaced apart main surfaces each with parallel elongated slots and wherein the slots of one main surface are of offset with respect to those of the other main surface; means pivotally mounting the sunshield to the support member for movement between a first angular position and a second angular position; and energizable means for incrementally moving the sunshield between the first and second angular positions to dispose the sunshield in a desired position relative to the position of the sun. 18. The sunshade according to claim 17, wherein the sunshield comprises a semicircular member having an arcuate edge and a straight edge. 19. The sunshade according to claim 18, wherein the means mounting the sunshield comprises means pivotally connecting the semicircular member at the arcuate edge to the support member. 20. The sunshade according to claim 19, wherein the means for pivotally connecting the semicircular member to the support member comprises a hinge. 21. The sunshade according to claim 17, wherein the means for moving the sunshield comprises a step motor having a rotatable power shaft and a transmission connecting the shaft to the sunshield to pivot same in response to the rotation of the shaft. 22. The sunshade according to claim 21, wherein the means for moving the sunshield further comprises a timer for periodically energizing the motor to effect a gradual movement of the sunshield between the first and second positions in accordance with the position of the sun. 23. The sunshade according to claim 22, wherein the means for moving comprises a battery for energizing the motor. 24. The sunshield according to claim 22, wherein the means for moving comprises photovoltaic cells for energizing the motor and wherein the cells are mounted on surfaces of the sunshield. 25. The sunshade according to claim 17, wherein the support member comprises a pole. 26. The sunshade according to claim 25, wherein the mean pivotally mounting the sunshield comprises a sleeve disposed around the pole for sliding movement therealong, means pivotally mounting the sunshield to the sleeve and means for releasably retaining the sleeve at a top portion of the pole. 