Roofing components and method for pitched roofs includes a flexible base and one or more ranks of integrally formed thin blades, vanes or fins extending outwardly from the base. The blades, fins or vanes are spaced substantially parallel to each other and overlap to shadow lower elements and to provide air circulation and between blades, which are designed to sluff-off heat and impede thermal energy being transmitted to the roof. The blades, fins or vanes are flexible and resilient so as to absorb the impact of falling material (limbs, etc.). One edge portion of the base is free of blades to provide an overlapped area for installation on a pitched roof. Various overlapping and interlocking arrangements are disclosed for sealing purposes.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A roofing element for a pitched roof, comprising: one or more vane members having upper and lower sides, a mounting element integral with said one or more of thin vane members for securing said one or more vane members on said pitched roof, each of said one or more vane members extending at an angle from said mounting element, said angle being other than 90 degrees, and having a length and being spaced such that upon installation on said pitched roof except for the upper-most of said vane members, each vane member is shaded by an immediately upper vane member so that heat generated in the vanes by impingement of sun rays can be carried away by air convection on said upper and lower sides of said vane members. 2. The roofing element defined in claim 1 wherein each said vane member is thin such that thermal energy due to radiant (solar) energy impinging thereon and converted to thermal energy sees a high thermal impedance in the plane thereof and said thermal energy is radiated to the ambient atmosphere. 3. The roofing element defined in claim 1 wherein said roofing element includes a pair of lateral edges, one of said lateral edges having a groove formed therein, and the other of said lateral edges having a tongue complementary to said groove whereby adjacent roof elements may be mechanically interlocked by interfitting engagement of groove and tongue, respectively. 4. The roofing element defined in claim 3 wherein one of said lateral edges includes a nailing strip which is covered by and interlocked to a lateral edge of an adjacent roofing element. 5. The roofing element defined in claim 4 wherein said roofing element includes a shoulder which is complementary to the edge of said adjacent roofing element so that said adjacent roofing element interfits thereabout. 6. The roofing element defined in claim 1 wherein there are a plurality of said vanes integrally formed with a common base member. 7. The roofing element defined in claim 6 wherein said base member includes one or more longitudinal slits in the side thereof contacting the roof to form a nailing strip. 8. The roofing element defined in claim 6 wherein said mounting element includes a tapered edge extension for underlapping a continuous roofing element. 9. The roofing element defined in claim 8 wherein said tapered edge includes an alignment ridge thereon. 10. The roofing element defined in claim 8 wherein said tapered edge include means defining a nailing line. 11. The roofing element defined in claim 8 wherein said tapered edge includes means defining a severance line and spacing the first of said vanes from the peak of said pitched roof. 12. The roofing component defined in claim 1 including complementary locking formations on said portion and the overlapping portion of an adjacent roofing component. 13. The roofing component defined in claim 1 said flexible base having a tapered extension for underlapping an adjacent roofing component. 14. The roofing component defined in claim 13 wherein said flexible base has a recess complementary to the shape of said tapered extension for overlapping said tapered extension of an adjacent roofing component. 15. The roofing component as defined in claim 13 including cooperating tongue and groove formations on said tapered extension and said recess for mechanically interlocking adjacent overlapping and underlapping roofing components. 16. The roofing element defined in claim 1 wherein said pitched roof is constituted by two roofs at angles to each other and intersecting at a ridge line, said roofing element including a further mounting element and one or more vane members integral with said further mounting element, and an apex member integral with said mounting element and adapted to be aligned with said ridge line of said roof. 17. Roofing component for pitched roofs comprising: a flexible base, ranks of vanes extending outwardly from and integrally formed with said base at a predetermined angle, said angle being other than substantially 90 degrees said vanes being thin such that they have a high thermal impedance in the plane thereof and being mounted substantially parallel to each other and in overlappingly spaced tiers so that a next upper vane shades the vane below it and provides space for air circulation between themselves to keep heat from penetrating the roof and, said vanes being resilient at least so as to absorb the impact of falling material, and said base having a portion thereof free of said vanes so as to provide an overlapped area for installation on a pitched roof with at least one further of said roofing components. 18. The roofing component as defined in claim 17 wherein said component has a pair of laterally spaced edges, a tongue formation on one of said lateral edges and a complementarily shaped groove on the other of said lateral edges. 19. A method of protecting a roof from solar radiation comprising intercepting said solar radiation a spaced distance above said roof by a rank of spaced overlapping thin vanes joined by root portions to an mounting element at an angle, said angle being other than substantially 90 degrees, said thin vanes reflecting at least a portion of said solar radiation and providing a high thermal impedance to solar radiation converted to thermal energy in said vanes, an upper vane casting a shadow on at least the root portions of a lower vane to provide a cooler area thereof, and circulating air in and about said spacing between said vanes. 20. A method of installing a roll of roofing covering on a pitched roof having a peak, comprising: providing roofing components, each roofing component having a flexible base and ranks of overlapping thin vanes secured to said flexible base at an angle, said angle being other than substantially 90 degrees, there being am upper vane, lower rows of said thin vanes and a bottom, said flexible base having at least one underlapping edge extension tapering from the upper vane at one edge to an end, and an overlapping portion opposite said one edge and interlocking tongue and groove formations on said edges, respectively, securing a first row of said roofing components along and adjacent said peak, rolling said first row from the bottom toward said peak to provide a space, inserting said tapered edge in underlapping relation to said overlapping portion of said first row of roofing components and interlocking the groove on one of said components with the tongue on the adjacent one of said components, and repeating the rolling, inserting and interlocking steps for each lower row of roofing elements. 21. Roofing component for pitched roofs comprising, a flexible base and one or more ranks of integrally formed thin solar energy absorbing and thermal energy radiating fins extending outwardly from the base at a first angle said first angle being other than substantially 90 degrees, said fins being spaced substantially parallel to each other and overlap to shade portions of the lower fins from the sun and to provide air circulation and between fins, said fins sluff-off heat and being thin so as to impede thermal energy being transmitted to the roof, said fins being flexible and resilient so as to absorb the impact of falling material. 22. The roofing component defined in claim 21 wherein said flexible base has one edge portion free of fins to provide an overlapped area for installation on a pitched roof. 23. The roofing component defined in claim 22 including a further edge opposite said one edge, and wherein said one edge portion includes a rib and said further edge includes a complementary groove. 24. The roofing component defined in claim 21 wherein said component has a lower surface and a nailing strip in said lower surfaces. 25. The roofing component defined in claim 21 wherein said roofing element includes a further flexible base having a further one or more vanes of integrally formed thin solar energy absorbing and thermal energy radiating fins extending outwardly at an angle opposite said first angle, and an apex member flexibly joining said flexible base. 