The space station of the present invention makes use of a modified space shuttle orbiter vehicle to provide a pre-assembled pre-tested, modular space station. The modified orbiter vehicle has all the equipment need for manned launch, re-entry and landing removed. The modified orbiter vehicle carries a pressurized laboratory module, a solar power system, and docking apparatus. The modified orbiter vehicle provides instrumentation, attitude control, communications, and life support systems. Another configuration includes an external fuel tank permanently attached to the modified orbiter vehicle. In either configuration, all equipment is fully integrated, installed and checked out on the ground before the launch in a single unmanned launch. Since the modified orbiter vehicle remains in space as a part of the space station the complexity and weight of the orbiter can be reduced by removing the systems that are required only for manned ascent, re-entry and landing, such as wings, tail, body flap, thermal protection tiles, landing gear, some of the avionics, some crew related controls, displays and hardware.
Claims We claim: 1. A prefabricated space station comprising: a space shuttle orbiter vehicle, powered by rocket engines, having a cargo bay; habitable laboratory module means mounted in said cargo bay; an external fuel tank for containment of propellant materials for sid orbiter vehicle rocket engines; means for mounting said orbiter vehicle on a side of said external tank; means of dimensions to enable passage therethrough of a human being between said habitable space located within said orbiter vehicle and said habitable space located within said external tank; and means for connecting a habitable space located within said orbiter vehicle with said habitable space located within said laboratory module means. 2. The space station of claim 1 further comprising: docking means for enabling the interconnection of said habitable space within said laboratory module means with a habitable space located within a space craft that is proximate to said space station. 3. The space station of claim 1 further comprising: docking means for enabling the interconnection of said habitable space within said orbiter vehicle with a habitable space located within a space craft this is proximate to said space station. 4. The space station of claim 1 further comprising: docking means for enabling the interconnection of said habitable space within said orbiter vehicle with a habitable space located within a space craft that is proximate to said space station. 5. The space station of claim 1 wherein said external tank habitable space connecting means comprises: at least one pressurized tunnel constructed of inflatable ruggedized fabric and located within said external tank. 6. The space station of claim 1 further comprising: docking means for enabling the interconnection of said habitable space within said external tank with a habitable space located within a space craft that is proximate to said space station. 7. The space station of claim 1 further comprising: first pressure vessel means located within said external tank for containing a propellant of a first type; and means located within said external tank for providing access from said habitable space within said external tank to an interior of said first pressure vessel. 8. The space station of claim 7 further comprising: second pressure vessel means located within said external tank for containing a propellant of a second type; and means located within said external tank for providing access from said habitable space within said external tank to an interior of said second pressure vessel. 9. The space station of claim 7 further comprising: second pressure vessel means located within said external tank for containing a propellant of a second type; and wherein said habitable space is located between said first and said second pressure vessels; means for providing access from said habitable space within said external tank to an interior of said second pressure vessel. 10. The space station of claim 1 further comprising: first pressure vessel means located within said external tank for containing a propellant of a first type; second pressure vessel means located within said external tank, juxtaposed to said first pressure vessel, for containing a propellant of a second type; and means, located juxtaposed to said second pressure vessel at an end of said second pressure vessel distal from said first pressure vessel, for providing habitable space within said external tank. 11. The space station of claim 10 further comprising: means, located within said external tank, for providing access from said means for providing habitable space to an interior of said second pressure vessel. 12. The space station of claim 1 wherein said connecting means comprises: pressurized tunnel means of dimensions to enable passage therethrough of a human being between said habitable space located within said orbiter vehicle and said habitable space located within said external tank. 13. The space station of claim 12 wherein said connecting means further comprises: means for permanently interconnecting said orbiter vehicle to said external tank. 14. The space station of claim 1 further comprising: at least one booster rocket detachably mounted on a side of said external tank for providing propulsion to said space station during initial launch. 15. The space station of claim 1 further comprising: first booster rocket means, detachably connected to a side of said external tank, for providing propulsion to said space station during initial launch; second booster rocket means, detachably connected to a side of said external tank, for providing propulsion to said space station during initial launch; and wherein said first and second booster rocket means are mounted in a parallel spaced apart relationship, on opposite sides of said external tank. 16. The space station of claim 1 wherein said orbiter vehicle comprises a reusable space shuttle having life support, guidance and communications apparatus and wherein said orbiter vehicle life support apparatus provides life support to said habitable space in said external tank. 17. The space station of claim 1 wherein said orbiter vehicle further comprises: photovoltaic converter means for generating electric power for said space station. 18. A prefabricated space station comprising: an orbiter vehicle having rocket engines; an external tank for containment of propellant materials for sid orbiter vehicle rocket engines; means for mounting said orbiter vehicle on a side of said external tank; and means for connecting a habitable space within said orbiter vehicle with a habitable space located within said external tank, comprising: a pressurized tunnel of dimensions to enable passage therethrough of a human being between said habitable space located within said orbiter vehicle and said habitable space located within said external tank. 19. The space station of claim 18 further comprising: first pressure vessel means located within said external tank for containing a propellant of a first type; and means located within said external tank for providing access from said habitable space within said external tank to an interior of said first pressure vessel. 20. The space station of claim 19 further comprising: second pressure vessel means located within said external tank for containing a propellant of a second type; and means located within said external tank for providing access from said habitable space within said external tank to an interior of said second pressure vessel. 21. The space station of claim 19 further comprising: second pressure vessel means located within said external tank for containing a propellant of a second type; and wherein said habitable space is located between said first and said second pressure vessels, said access providing means provides access from said habitable space within said external tank to an interior of said second pressure vessel. 22. The space station of claim 18 further comprising: first pressure vessel means located within said external tank for containing a propellant of a first type; second pressure vessel means located within said external tank, juxtaposed to said first pressure vessel, for containing a propellant of a second type; and means, located juxtaposed to said second pressure vessel at an end of said second pressure vessel distal from said first pressure vessel, for providing habitable space within said external tank. 23. The space station of claim 22 further comprising: means located within said external tank for providing access from said means for providing habitable space to an interior of said second pressure vessel. 24. The space station of claim 18 further comprising: docking means for enabling the interconnection of said habitable space within said external tank with a habitable space located within a space craft that is proximate to said space station. 25. The space station of claim 18 further comprising: at least one booster rocket detachably mounted on a side of said external tank for providing propulsion to said space station during initial launch. 26. The space station of claim 18 wherein said connecting means further comprises: means for permanently interconnecting said orbiter vehicle to said external tank. 27. The space station of claim 18 wherein said orbiter vehicle comprises a reusable space shuttle having life support, guidance and communications apparatus. 28. The space station of claim 27 wherein said orbiter vehicle is absent operational landing avionics. 29. The space station of claim 27 wherein said orbiter vehicle life support apparatus provides life support to said habitable space in said external tank. 30. The space station of claim 27 wherein said orbiter vehicle further comprises: solar collector means for generating electric power; and means for distributing said generated electric power to said habitable space in said external tank. 31. The space station of claim 18 further comprising: first booster rocket means, detachably connected to a side of said external tank, for providing propulsion to said space station during initial launch; second booster rocket means, detachably connected to a side of said external tank, for providing propulsion to said space station during initial launch; and wherein said first and second booster rocket means are mounted in a parallel spaced apart relationship, on opposite sides of said external tank. 32. The space station of claim 18, wherein said orbiter vehicle includes a cargo bay, further comprising: habitable laboratory module means mounted in said cargo bay; and means for connecting a habitable space located within said orbiter vehicle with a habitable space located within said laboratory module means. 33. The space station of claim 32 further comprising: docking means for enabling the interconnection of said habitable space within said laboratory module means with a habitable space located within a space craft that is proximate to said space station. 