An apparatus and method is disclosed for an improved air conditioning system for admitting air from an exterior space, adjusting the temperature and humidity of the exterior air, delivering the adjusted air to an interior space of a structure, removal of exhaust air therefrom and return of the exhaust air to the exterior space and wherein a regenerative desiccant is provided for removing water vapor from the air to be delivered to the interior space and delivering the water vapor to the exhaust air stream and a heat exchanger is provided for removing sensible heat from the air to be delivered to the interior space and transferring the sensible heat to the exhaust air stream. The apparatus combines for the first time electric air conditioning reheat and solar energy with desiccant technology, thereby furnishing conditioned air at an 80% reduction of energy cost. The apparatus for the first time allows the use of waste oil heat to furnish conditioned air at an 80% reduction in energy cost. Additionally, natural gas or propane gas may be used at a great reduction in energy cost vs. electrical cost. The apparatus allows the reduction in electrical power presently used to condition air for use in a given space.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An improved air conditioning system for admitting air from a space, adjusting the temperature and humidity of the air, delivering the adjusted air to an interior space of a structure, removal of exhaust air therefrom and return of the exhaust air to the space, comprising: a first path for conditioning air including a first air intake means for admitting air to be conditioned; an air supply first blower means communicating with said first air intake means for receiving, pressurizing and moving the air from said first air intake means; a desiccant means rotatable through a first zone and second zone, the first zone communicating with said air supply first blower means and receiving the pressurized exterior air from said exterior air supply first blower means for reducing the humidity by means of reducing the water vapor content of the air passing therethrough; a heat exchanger means having a first area for accepting heat and a second area for rejecting heat, wherein said first area of said heat exchanger means communicates with said desiccant means for receiving the air with reduced water vapor content from said desiccant means for downwardly adjusting the temperature of air displaced therethrough; a heating means communicating with said heat exchanger means for receiving the cooled reduced water vapor content air from said heat exchanger means for optionally upwardly adjusting the temperature of air displaced therethrough; a conditioned first air exit means communicating with said heating means for receiving the temperature and humidity adjusted air from said heating means and communicating with the interior space of a structure for delivery thereto; a second path independent of the first path for indirect evaporative cooling of air including a second air intake means for accepting air from a space with said second area of said heat exchanger thereadjacent wherein the accepted air passes over said second area and removes heat from said second area of said heat exchanger means; a second air blower means communicating with said second area for receiving and moving air from said second area of said heat exchanger means; a second air exit means communicating with said second air blower means for receiving second air from said second air blower means and communicating with the exterior of the structure for delivering of the second air thereto; a third path, independent of the first path and second path for regeneration of desiccant air including a third air intake means, a heater associated therewith and the second zone of said desiccant means wherein said desiccant means communicates with said regenerated third air intake means for regeneration of said desiccant means by transfer of water vapor and subsequent removal; and a third regeneration air exit means communicating with said second zone of said desiccant means for receiving regeneration air from said second zone of said desiccant means for delivery of the regeneration air thereto. 2. An improved air conditioning system as set forth in claim 1, wherein a humidifying means disposed to and communicating with said heating means and with said conditioned air exit means is provided for receiving the temperature adjusted reduced water vapor content air from said heating means, for upwardly adjusting the water vapor content of the air, and for delivery of the temperature and humidity adjusted air to said conditioned air exit means. 3. An improved air conditioning system as set forth in claim 1, wherein an evaporative cooling means, disposed to and communicating with said exhaust air intake means and with said regeneration means, is provided for evaporatively cooling the exhaust air. 4. An improved air conditioning system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said regeneration means comprises a finned tube liquid to air heat exchanger wherein the heated liquid is provided by a boiler fueled by gas, oil, including waste oil or the like. 5. An improved air conditioning system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said regeneration means comprises a finned tube liquid to air heat exchanger wherein the heated liquid is provided by a solar heating means. 6. An improved air conditioning system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said regeneration means comprises a finned tube liquid to air heat exchanger wherein the heated liquid is provided by an internal combustion engine cooling system means. 7. An improved air conditioning system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said desiccant means comprises a rotatable, axially mounted disc wherein said disc provides a substrate for a solid desiccant material. 8. An improved air conditioning system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said heat exchanger means comprises a rotatable, axially mounted disc. 9. An improved air conditioning system as set forth in claim 1, wherein a humidifying means disposed to and communicating with said heating means and with said conditioned air exit means is provided for receiving the temperature adjusted reduced water vapor content air from said heating means, for upwardly adjusting the water vapor content of the air, and for delivery of the temperature and humidity adjusted air to said conditioned air exit means and wherein an evaporative cooling means, disposed to and communicating with said exhaust air intake means and with said regeneration means, is provided for evaporatively cooling the exhaust air. 10. An improved air conditioning system as set forth in claim 1, wherein a plenum means is provided for mounting said air conditioning system, for admitting the adjusted air from said conditioned air exit means to an interior space of a structure, for removal of exhaust air from an interior space of a structure for delivery of the exhaust air to an exhaust air intake means of said air conditioning system. 