In a solar collector assembly, one or more absorber tubes are made up of a plurality of discarded metal can bodies in end-to-end relation, one or more collector tubes are made up of a plurality of discarded transparent pop bottles arranged in end-to-end relation to one another and in surrounding relation to the absorber tubes. A blower is positioned in one of the absorber tubes to force air through the absorber tube and through a discharge conduit into a space to be heated.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar collector assembly comprising: a collector tube defined by a plurality of transparent, generally bottle-shaped members, each said bottle-shaped member provided with openings at opposite ends which are substantially symmetrical with a longitudinal axis of said collector tube, said bottle-shaped members disposed in end-to-end relation to one another; an absorber tube having an external heat-absorptive surface disposed within said collector tube and defined by a plurality of thin-walled can bodies open at opposite ends and disposed in end-to-end relation to one another; means for mounting said absorber tube for axial extension through said collector tube wherein a longitudinal axis of said absorber tube is substantially coincident with said longitudinal axis of said collector tube; air-directing means for directing air through said absorber tube; and conducting means for conducting fluid from said absorber tube into a space to be heated. 2. A solar collector assembly according to claim 1, said collector tube extending the substantial length of said absorber tube. 3. A solar collector assembly according to claim 1, including a plurality of passes of said collector tube and said absorber tube, a tubular return interconnecting terminal ends of each adjacent pair of passes of said absorber tube, said air directing means disposed at one end of one of said absorber tubes opposite to one of said returns. 4. A solar collector assembly according to claim 3, each of said tubular returns being generally U-shaped and comprising a plurality of can bodies connected at right angles to one another. 5. A solar collector assembly according to claim 1, each of said can bodies being of hollow, generally cylindrical configuration and each of said bodies having a tapered end at one end wedged into an opposite end of each next successive can body. 6. A solar collector assembly according to claim 1, each of said bottle-shaped members being of hollow, generally cylindrical configuration and having a tapered end at one end inserted into an opposite end of each next successive bottle-shaped member. 7. A solar collector assembly according to claim 6, including a plurality of lengths of said collector tube and said absorber tube, and means for joining said plurality of lengths of said collector tubes in juxtaposed relation to one another. 8. A solar collector according to claim 7, including support means for supporting said plurality of lengths of said collector tubes and said absorber tubes on an external surface of a building. 9. In a solar collector assembly, the improvement comprising: an absorber tube defined by a plurality of discarded metal can bodies, each can body having opposite top and bottom ends removed, said bodies connected in end-to-end relation to one another with the top of each body inserted into the bottom of each next body in succession; a collector tube defined by a plurality of discarded transparent pop bottles, each of said bottles having opposite top and bottom ends removed to define openings therein substantially symmetrical with a longitudinal axis of each said bottle, said bottles connected in end-to-end relation to one another and in surrounding relation to said can bodies with the top of each bottle inserted into the bottom of each next bottle in succession, and a longitudinal axis of said can bodies being substantially coincident with said longitudinal axis of said bottles; and each of said bottles having a tapered end with an innermost terminal edge of a diameter substantially corresponding to the diameter of one of said can bodies, and means for joining said inner terminal end of each said bottle to one of said can bodies. 10. In a solar collector assembly according to claim 9, including a heat-absorptive coating on external surfaces of said can bodies. 11. In a solar collector assembly according to claim 9, said collector tube extending for the substantial length of said absorber tube. 12. In a solar collector assembly according to claim 9, including a plurality of lengths of said collector tube and said absorber tube, a tubular return interconnecting terminal ends of each adjacent pair of lengths of said absorber tube, and blower means disposed at one end of one of said absorber tubes for directing a heat conducting fluid through said absorber tubes and said returns. 13. In a solar collector assembly according to claim 12, each of said tubular returns comprising a plurality of can bodies interconnecting said terminal ends of each adjacent pair of said lengths of said absorber tubes. 