An electrically operated chime apparatus is provided and consists of a plurality of resonating members for producing audible sounds, attached to a suspended mounting plate and freely hanging therefrom. A mechanism, operated by electrical power which may be optionally produced by a solar collector, is provided for randomly striking the resonating members, thereby causing the resonating members to produce the audible sounds.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electrically operated chime apparatus which comprises: a) a mounting plate; b) means for suspending said mounting plate; c) a plurality of resonating members for producing audible sounds, attached to said mounting plate and freely hanging therefrom; d) an electric motor attached to the underside of said mounting plate, so that the shaft of said electric motor extends downwardly; e) a solar collector affixed to said mounting plate and electrically connected to said electric motor; and f) a clapper comprising an elongated cord having a first end attached to the shaft of said electric motor and a bead attached to a second end of the cord so as to freely hang therefrom to randomly swing and collide with said chime tubes when said clapper is rotated by the shaft of said electric motor, thereby causing said chime tubes to produce the audible sounds. 2. An electrically operated chime apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein each of said resonating members includes a hollow elongated chime tube. 3. An electrically operated chime apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein said suspending means includes an eye member secured to a top surface of said mounting plate which can be connected to an existing support. 4. An electrically operated chime apparatus as recited in claim 3, where said suspending means includes a plurality of legs spaced apart and extending downwardly in divergent fashion about the perimeter of said mounting plate. 5. An electrically operated chime apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein said suspending means includes a plurality of legs spaced apart and extending downwardly in divergent fashion about the perimeter of said mounting plate. 