A solar collector assembly includes a base frame having a half-round channel body and two side wings, a collector unit supported on two supports within the half-round channel body, two vertically spaced transparent top covers covered over the collector unit, and two end covers sealed at two opposite ends of the half-round channel body and the transparent top covers, wherein the supports can be adjusted to change the elevation and the angle of inclination in the X-axis or Y-axis direction; the base frame has inside space stuffed with a heat insulative material.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar collector assembly comprising: a base frame shaped like a half-round tube, having a first side wing and a second side wing bilaterally extended from a half-round channel body thereof, and a plurality of transverse mounting plates affixed to the half-round channel body at the bottom for mounting on a building, said side wings having cover mounting grooves longitudinally disposed at the top; two vertically spaced, transparent top covers respectively fastened to the cover mounting grooves on said side wings and covered over the half-round channel body of said base frame; a collector unit received within the half-round channel body of said base frame and covered by said transparent top covers for collecting the radiating energy of the sun, said collector unit comprising two supports fastened to the half-round channel body of said base frame on the inside, a collector panel, and a collector tube longitudinally fastened to said collector panel in the middle and having one end connected to the water supply pipe of a solar heating system and an opposite end connected to the water return pipe of the solar heating system, said collector tube having two opposite ends fastened to either support at the top by a respective clamp, each support comprised of a bottom frame vertically fastened to the half-round channel body of said base frame on the inside and having a series of vertically spaced through holes, and a top frame having a series of vertically spaced through holes alternatively fastened to either through hole on said bottom frame to support said collector panel in any of a series of elevations; and two end covers respectively fastened to said base frame and said cover means at either end by screws, each end having a center through hole, through which either end of said collector tube passes. and two mounting grooves on a respective inner side, which receive either end of either transparent top cover respectively. 2. The solar collector assembly of claim 1 wherein said side wings of said base frame have a respective coupling plane for permitting a plurality of solar collector assemblies of the same structure to be linked together. 3. The solar collector assembly of claim 2 wherein the coupling plane of said first side wing has longitudinal grooves, and the coupling plane of said second side wing has longitudinal tongues matching the longitudinal grooves on said first side wing. 4. The solar collector assembly of claim 1 wherein the clamp at either end of said collector tube has a series of screw holes alternatively connected to a round hole on the top frame of the respective support for permitting said collector panel to be adjusted to any of a series of angles of inclination. 5. The solar collector assembly of claim 1 wherein each end cover further comprises two end cover mounting grooves on a respective inner side, which receive either end of either transparent top cover respectively. 6. The solar collector assembly of claim 1 wherein said base frame has an inside space stuffed with a heat insulative material. 7. The solar collector assembly of claim 1 wherein said two transparent top covers include an inner cover covered over said base frame and spaced above said collector panel within 10 cm, and an outer cover covered over said base frame and spaced above said inner cover within 4 cm. 8. The solar collector assembly of claim 1 wherein said two transparent top covers are respectively made of arched shape. 