A self-contained automatic gate system is disclosed wherein all system components are built into the gate system itself thereby allowing the user to simply provide a footing for mounting the system and then mounting it with no need for further assembly.
Claims I claim: 1. A gate having spaced apart front and rear sides, integral proximal and distal end walls separating said sides and an internal wall spaced from said proximal end wall, said front and rear sides and said proximal and internal walls defining a gate post housing, a gate post having an upper end and a lower end extending along vertical axis within said gate post housing, means for supporting said gate on said gate post for pivotal movement about said vertical axis of said gate post, said gate supporting means including a gate actuator having a mounting plate and a rotational body, said mounting plate comprising means secured to one of said ends of said gate post within said gate post housing for mounting said gate actuator on said gate post, said rotational body of said gate actuator including means for rotating said rotational body about said vertical axis of said gate post, means connecting said rotational body and said gate post housing for supporting said gate on said gate actuator and for rotating said gate about said gate post, said spaced apart front and rear sides defining area means remote from said gate post housing for supporting operating components of said gate. 2. The gate system of claim 1 wherein a wall closes the proximal end of said gate, said proximal end of said gate comprising a housing for said post and said actuator. 3. The gate system of claim 1 wherein means are provided at the bottom of said post for securing said gate assembly to a footing. 4. The gate assembly of claim 1 wherein said actuator is hydraulically driven and a hydraulic reservoir is supported between said gate sides. 5. The gate assembly of claim 1 wherein controller means for controlling gate operations are supported between said gate sides. 6. The gate assembly of claim 5 further comprising position sensor means for sensing relative angular position data of said post to said gate and transmitting said position data to said controller means, said position sensor means being supported between said gate sides. 7. The gate assembly of claim 5 further comprising antenna means for receiving remote control command data and transmitting said command data to said controller means. 8. The gate assembly of claim 5 further comprising traffic signal means disposed on said gate for receiving information from said controller means and for signalling the operations of said gate system. 9. The gate assembly of claim 5 further comprising: collision detection means disposed on said gate for detecting an actual or impending collision with an obstruction and transmitting the detected information to said controller means. 10. The gate assembly of claim 5 further comprising: a retractable rod; means for operating said rod supported between said sides at the distal end of said gate; said operating means retracting said rod when said gate is in an open position and extending said rod when said gate is in a closed position; and means for transmitting retracting and extending commands from said controller means. 11. The gate assembly of claim 5 further comprising power source means supported between said sides for transmitting power to operating components in said gate. 12. The gate assembly of claim 11 further comprising: solar cell means mounted on the outside of said gate for directing electrical power to said power source means. 13. The gate assembly of claim 12 wherein said power source means comprise at least one solar cell panel. 14. The gate assembly of claim 13 wherein said solar cell panel is a panel providing access to operating components in said gate assembly. 15. A gate having spaced apart front and rear sides and integral proximal and distal walls separating said sides, said front and rear sides and said integral proximal and distal walls defining area means for housing operating components for said gate, a gate post, having an upper end and a lower end extending between said sides along a vertical axis, means for supporting said gate upon said gate post between said sides for rotation of said gate about said vertical axis of said post, means at said lower end of said post for securing said post to a footing, a gate actuator secured to said upper end of said gate post between said sides and including means for rotating about said vertical axis of said gate post, and means connecting said rotating means and at least one of said sides and said walls for supporting said gate on said gate actuator and for pivoting said gate about said gate post. 