A self-contained cellular emergency roadside call box is disclosed without the use of external telephone lines. The call box is solar powered with battery storage and comprises a controller coupled to a cellular transceiver. The controller is also coupled to a solar array and battery which is recharged through the controller. The call box communicates through a radio-telephone link established by cellular transceiver to a cellular telecommunication system. The cellular telecommunication system includes a call site controller and mobile telephone switching terminal. Each call box comprises a plurality of status subcircuits for monitoring conditions such as battery condition and transmitter status. The call box communication and the status are processed by a micro processor which generates appropriate commands required by the cellular transceiver. Information can be transmitted bidirectionally between each of the call boxes and the communication applications processor. An interactive flow of information is exchanged with the call box and the functional condition is monitored.
Claims I claim: 1. In an emergency call box system using cellular telephone technology, the combination comprising: a fixed location call box means, comprising: a cellular transceiver means for transmitting and receiving data signals and/or voice signals, according to controllable parameters, controller means for varying the controllable parameters of said cellular transceiver means, and means for providing electrical power to the cellular transceiver means and the controller means; a remotely located communication processor means including means for causing said controller means to vary said controllable parameters of said cellular transceiver means and thereby initiate action at the call box; and a cellular system mobile telephone switching means for transmitting and receiving said data signals and said voice signals between said cellular transceiver means and the remotely located communication processor means. 2. The combination of claim 1, wherein: said controller means can also vary the said controllable parameters in a predetermined way. 3. The combination of claim 1, wherein: said remotely located communication processor means causes said controller means to vary said controllable parameters of said cellular transceiver means by transmitting data signals to the controller means via the cellular system mobile telephone switching means and the cellular transceiver means. 4. The combination of claim 1, wherein: said means for providing electrical power is a rechargeable battery means powered by a solar cell. 5. A roadside call box for reporting emergencies to a communication processor means, comprising: a stationary cellular transceiver capable of bidirectional communication with a cellular radiotelephone network; means for powering the transceiver; actuation means coupled to the transceiver to initiate an emergency call to the communication processor means by causing the transceiver to send a stored emergency number to the cellular network in response to a user's manual input; and response means coupled to the transceiver for receiving data signals from the communication processor means and initiating action at the call box in response to the received signals. 6. The roadside call box of claim 5 wherein: the actuation means operates in response to a single manual input to cause the transceiver to send the stored emergency number. 7. The roadside call box of claim 5 wherein: the actuation means includes means for triggering repertory dialing of the stored emergency number. 8. The roadside call box of claim 5, wherein: the means for powering the transceiver comprises battery means and solar cell means for recharging the battery means. 9. A roadside call box for reporting emergencies to a communication processor means, comprising: a stationary cellular transceiver capable of bidirectional voice and data communications with a cellular radiotelephone network; rechargeable battery means for powering the transceiver; and a controller coupled to the transceiver to operate the call box under program control, the controller comprising: actuation means operable in response to a user's manual input to initiate an emergency call to the communication processor means by causing the transceiver to send a stored emergency number to the cellular network; and response means for receiving data signals from the communication processor means and initiating action at the call box in response to the received data signals. 10. The roadside call box of claim 9 which further comprises: sensor means for monitoring a plurality of status conditions relating to the call box and deriving status information therefrom; and reporting means for sending data messages containing the derived status information to the communication processor means. 11. The roadside call box of claim 10 wherein: the sensor means includes means for sensing the output voltage of the battery means. 12. The roadside call box of claim 10 wherein: the sensor means includes means for sensing a plurality of alarm conditions relating to the physical integrity of the call box. 13. A roadside call box for reporting emergencies to a communication processor means, comprising: a stationary cellular transceiver capable of bidirectional voice and data communications with a cellular radiotelephone network; battery means for powering the transceiver; a controller coupled to the transceiver to operate the call box under program control, the controller comprising: actuation means operable in response to a user's manual input to initiate an emergency call to the communication processor means by causing the transceiver to send a stored emergency number to the cellular network; identification means for generating a data message containing the identity of the call box and causing the transceiver to send the data message to the communication processor means via the cellular network; and response means for interpreting other data messages received by the transceiver from the communication processor means and initiating appropriate action at the call box in response to said other data messages. 14. The roadside call box of claim 13 wherein: the response means includes means for controlling at least one parameter of call box operation in response to data messages received from the communications processor means. 15. The roadside call box of claim 13 wherein: the response means includes means for controlling audio gain within the call box in response to data messages received from the communication processor means. 16. The roadside call box of claim 13 wherein the controller further comprises: sensor means for maintaining a plurality of status conditions relating to the call box and deriving status information therefrom; and reporting means for sending data messages containing the derived status information to the communication processor means. 17. The roadside call box of claim 16 wherein: the response means includes means for performing at least one routine to remedy an unsatisfactory status condition in response to data messages received from the communication processor means. 18. The roadside call box of claim 13 wherein: a television camera is coupled to the controller for transmission of television signals to the communication processor means. 19. The roadside call box of claim 18 wherein: the response means includes means for controlling the television camera in response to data messages received from the communication processor means. 20. A fixed roadside call box comprising: transceiver means for communicating with a cellular mobile radiotelephone system to call an emergency number; programmable controller means electrically connected to said transceiver means, including first means responsive to a user for initiating an audio link to a central station corresponding to the emergency number, second means for selectively sending the location of the call box to said central station, and third means for receiving data signals from said central station and initiating action at the call box in response to the received data signals; and rechargeable energy means for providing power to said call box. 21. An emergency roadside call box comprising: cellular transceiver means for establishing communications with a communication processor means via a cellular mobile radiotelephone system; controller means coupled to the cellular transceiver means for determining, under program control, the operation of the roadside call box; and battery means coupled to said controller means for providing power to the cellular transceiver means and to the controller means the controller means comprising: means for transmitting an emergency call to a preprogrammed telephone number in response to a predetermined user-initiated stimulus; means for transmitting identifying information to the communication processor means, which identifying information identifies the roadside call box to the communication processor means; means for receiving data signals from the communications processor means and initiating action at the call box in response to the received data signals; and means for enabling bidirectional voice communications over the cellular mobile radiotelephone system between the call box and the communication processor means. 22. An emergency roadside call box as defined in claim 21, wherein the predetermined user-initiated stimulus is the lifting of a handset included with the roadside call box. 23. A system for providing emergency call box service, the system comprising: at least one emergency call box operable to enable radio communication with a cellular radiotelephone subsystem, wherein the call box comprises: a cellular transceiver; a controller coupled to the cellular transceiver for initiating an emergency call by the cellular transceiver to a predetermined number in response to a user-initiated stimulus and for initiating action at the call box in response to information received over the cellular radiotelephone subsystem; and a battery coupled to the controller for providing power to the controller and to the cellular transceiver. 