Facial protective wear including a facial shield member having a substantially transparent portion for allowing visible light to pass to the wearer's eyes and a support coupled to the facial shield for supporting the facial shield on the wearer's head. The facial shield member further has a nose protective portion extending over and protecting substantially the wearer's entire nose from in front of and from above and preferably has side portions protecting the wearer's eyes in a direction from the sides of the wearer's head. The facial shield member transparent portion preferably substantially prevents ultraviolet solar radiation from reaching the wearer's eyes and facial features, such as the nose and cheeks, and also from reaching the eyes in a direction from the sides of the head. The facial protective wear also can be used to protect the wearer from the wind and from injury due to flying objects. Various embodiments are described, including embodiments that clip onto existing eyewear or headware. The nose protective portion can be made integrally with the transparent shield portion or removable.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Facial protective wear comprising: a contiguous, one-piece facial shield member for disposition over both eyes of the wearer and having a substantially light transmissive portion for allowing visible light to pass to the wearer's eyes but substantially preventing ultraviolet radiation from reaching the wearer's eyes and skin beneath the shield member, said light transmissive portion being sized such that it extends downwardly to cover a portion of the wearer's upper cheek areas; means coupled to the facial shield member for supporting the facial shield member on the wearer's head, said means for supporting comprising: a bridge bar disposed above the facial shield member and to which the facial shield member is coupled; temple bars pivotally attached to opposite ends of the bridge bar for providing support on the wearer's ears; and a nose support conforming to a portion of the wearer's nose for providing support on the wearer's nose; the facial shield member further comprising a nose protective portion extending over and protecting substantially the wearer's entire nose from ultraviolet radiation from in front and from above; and side portions protecting the wearer's eyes in a direction from the sides of the wearer's head. 2. The facial protective wear recited in claim 1, wherein the nose protective portion is formed so as to conform to the wearer's nose. 3. The facial protective wear recited in claim 2, wherein the nose protective portion is integrally formed in the facial shield member. 4. The facial protective wear recited in claim 2, wherein the nose protective portion is removably coupled for disposition over the wearer's nose. 5. The facial protective wear recited in claim 1, wherein the temple bars include facial protective portions forming continuations of the facial shield member around the side of the wearer's head and for protecting the wearer's eyes from the side. 6. The facial protective wear recited in claim 1, wherein the temple bars snap lock into pivot members provided at ends of the bridge bar. 7. The facial protective wear recited in claim 1, further comprising means for pivotally mounting the facial shield member to the bridge bar to allow adjustment to the wearer's face. 8. The facial protective wear recited in claim 7, wherein the facial shield member is provided with releasable fastening means for coupling the facial shield member in any of a selected plurality of positions to the bridge bar. 9. The facial protective wear recited in claim 1, wherein the side portions include portions wrapping around the side of the wearer's head. 10. The facial protective wear recited in claim 1, wherein the facial shield member comprises a continuously curved member which does not conform to the wearer's nose but covers substantially the wearer's entire nose from in front of and above the wearer's nose. 11. The facial protective wear recited in claim 1, wherein the nose support comprises a member integrally formed with the facial shield member. 12. The facial protective wear recited in claim 1, wherein the nose support comprises a member coupled to the bridge bar. 13. The facial protective wear recited in claim 12, wherein the nose support is removably coupled to the bridge bar. 14. The facial protective wear recited in claim 12, wherein the nose support is integrally coupled to the bridge bar. 15. The facial protective wear recited in claim 1, wherein the facial shield member is pivotally coupled to the bridge bar so that the facial shield member can be flipped out of the way of the wearer's face. 16. The facial protective wear recited in claim 15, wherein the facial shield member is pivotally coupled at respective ends of the bridge bar to the bridge bar. 17. The facial protective wear recited in claim 1, wherein the side portions are formed integrally with the facial shield member. 18. The facial protective wear recited in claim 1, wherein the side portions are attached to the respective temple bars. 19. The facial protective wear recited in claim 1, wherein the light transmissive portion attenuates the intensity of solar radiation. 20. The facial protective wear recited in claim 1, wherein the shield member extends downwardly to cover the wearer's cheek areas. 21. Facial protective wear comprising: a contiguous, one-piece facial shield member for disposition over both eyes of the wearer and having a substantially light transmissive portion for allowing visible light to pass to the wearer's eyes but substantially preventing ultraviolet radiation from reaching the wearer's eyes and skin beneath the shield member, said light transmissive portion being sized such that it extends downwardly to cover a portion of the wearer's upper cheek areas; means coupled to the facial shield member for supporting the facial shield member on the wearer's head, said means for supporting comprising: a bridge bar disposed above the facial shield member and to which the facial shield member is coupled; temple bars pivotally attached to opposite ends of the bridge bar for providing support on the wearer's ears; and a nose support conforming to a portion of the wearer's nose for providing support on the wearer's nose; and the facial shield member further comprising a nose protective portion extending over and protecting substantially the wearer's entire nose from ultraviolet radiation from in front and from above. 22. Facial protective wear as recited in claim 21, wherein the facial shield member further comprises side portions protecting the wearer's eyes in a direction from the sides of the wearer's head. 23. The facial protective wear recited in claim 21, wherein the nose protective portion is formed so as to conform to the wearer's nose. 24. The facial protective wear recited in claim 23, wherein the nose protective portion is integrally formed in the facial shield member. 25. The facial protective wear recited in claim 23, wherein the nose protective portion is removably coupled for disposition over the wearer's nose. 26. The facial protective wear recited in claim 21, wherein the temple bars include facial protective portions forming continuations of the facial shield member around the side of the wearer's head and for protecting the wearer's eyes from the side. 27. The facial protective wear recited in claim 26, wherein the facial shield member has wrap around side portions which are disposed adjacent to and continue into said facial protective portions of the temple bars. 28. The facial protective wear recited in claim 21, wherein the temple bars snap lock into pivot members provided at ends of the bridge bar. 29. The facial protective wear recited in claim 21, further comprising means for pivotally mounting the facial shield member to the bridge bar to allow adjustment to he wearer's face. 30. The facial protective wear recited in claim 29, wherein the facial shield member is provided with releasable fastening means for coupling the facial shield member in any of a selected plurality of positions to the bridge bar. 31. The facial protective wear recited in claim 21, wherein the facial shield member includes portions wrapping around the side of the wearer's head. 32. The facial protective wear recited in claim 21, wherein the facial shield member comprises a continuously curved member which does not conform to the wearer's nose but covers substantially the wearer's entire nose from in front of and above the wearer's nose. 33. The facial protective wear recited in claim 21, wherein the nose support comprises a member integrally formed with the facial shield member. 34. The facial protective wear recited in claim 21, wherein the nose support comprises a member coupled to the bridge bar. 35. The facial protective wear recited in claim 34, wherein the nose support is removably coupled to the bridge bar. 36. The facial protective wear recited in claim 34, wherein the nose support is integrally coupled to the bridge bar. 37. The facial protective wear recited in claim 21, wherein the facial shield member is pivotally coupled to the means for supporting so that the facial shield member can be flipped out of the way of the wearer's face. 38. The facial protective wear recited in claim 37, wherein the facial shield member is pivotally coupled at respective ends of the bridge bar to the bridge bar. 39. The facial protective wear recited in claim 21, wherein the light transmissive portion attenuates the intensity of solar radiation. 40. The facial protective wear recited in claim 21, wherein the shield member extends downwardly to cover the wearer's cheek areas. 