An energy-conserving photvoltaic- or solar-rechargeable power source for commercial or industrial battery-operated products is provided, enabling a high degree of reliability of continued operation through a method involving the use of a backup battery or other backup d.c. voltage source which is automatically and instantaneously selected when the rechargeable cell falls below a predetermined lower threshold voltage. As the rechargeable cell receives charge from the solar cell, the circuit automatically switches back to it as the primary power source when an upper threshold voltage is reached. Moreover, the initial connecting of the rechargeable cell to power the product is ensured upon the turn-on of the product, even if not fully charged (though above the lower threshold voltage), conserving the backup source. More general applications are also disclosed.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A multiple D.C. power source for electrical and electronic products having, in combination, a rechargeable primary D.C. voltage source having chargeable means and comprising photovoltaic cell means and in which the voltage value thereof is controlled in response to charging induced by light received by the photovoltaic cell means; a backup D.C. voltage source; oppositely alternately operative switching means for connecting the primary D.C. voltage source to the product while disconnecting the backup D.C. voltage source from the product; and sense and control means connected to monitor the state of the said voltage value of the primary D.C. voltage source and for establishing predetermined upper and lower threshold voltages therefor, and for controlling the switching means in response to the monitoring, automatically and instantaneously to connect the backup D.C. voltage source to the product while disconnecting the primary D.C. voltage source therefrom when said voltage value thereof drops to said lower threshold voltage; and means for automatically and instantaneously reconnecting the primary D.C. voltage source to the product while disconnecting the backup D.C. voltage source from the product when the voltage value of the primary D.C. voltage source has recharged sufficiently to reach said upper threshold value, whereby in the absence of the backup D.C. voltage source the switching means is powered from the primary D.C. voltage source. 2. A multiple D.C. power source as claimed in claim 1 and in which said primary D.C. voltage source comprises rechargeable battery cell means connected to be charged by said photovoltaic cell means. 3. A multiple D.C. power source as claimed in claim 2 and in which said backup D.C. voltage source comprises non-rechargeable battery cell means. 4. A multiple D.C. power source as claimed in claim 1 and in which said backup D.C. voltage source comprises non-rechargeable battery cell means. 5. A method of conserving energy in a multiple power source for powering electrical and electronic products and in which a primary D.C. photovoltaic cell-controlled source and a back-up D.C. voltage source are provided, that comprises, developing primary D.C. voltage from the photovoltaic cell-controlled source in response to light received thereby; establishing upper and lower threshold voltage values for such primary D.C. voltage; continuously sensing said primary D.C. voltage to monitor its value; and automatically and instantaneously responding to said sensing and connecting the back-up D.C. voltage source to the product while disconnecting the primary D.C. voltage source therefrom when the voltage value thereof drops to said lower threshold voltage, and automatically and instantaneously reconnecting the primary D.C. voltage source to the product while disconnecting the back-up D.C. voltage source from the product when the voltage value of the primary D.C. voltage source again reaches said upper threshold value, whereby in the absence of the back-up D.C. voltage source the product is powered from the primary D.C. voltage source. 6. A method as claimed in claim 5 and in which the developing of the primary D.C. voltage is effected by charging a rechargeable battery cell from a photovoltage cell. 7. A method as claimed in claim 6 and in which the product is provided with an on/off power switch connected such that the rechargeable battery cell is always preliminarily connected to the product irrespective of its voltage value above the lower threshold voltage when the power switch is turned on, except in the event its voltage value is below said lower threshold voltage. 8. A multiple power source for battery operated electrical and electronic products having, in combination, photovoltaic cell means, rechargeable battery cell means and a back-up D.C. voltage source; charging circuit means for connecting the photovoltaic cell means to charge the rechargeable battery cell means in response to light received by the photovoltaic cell means; a pair of oppositely alternatively operative switching means for connecting the rechargeable battery cell means to the product while disconnecting the backup voltage source from the product; and sense and control means connected to monitor the state of voltage charge on the rechargeable battery cell means and for establishing predetermined upper and lower threshold voltage therefor, and for controlling the switching means automatically and instantaneously to connect the backup voltage source to the product while disconnecting the rechargeable battery cell means therefrom when the voltages thereof drops to said lower threshold voltage, and means for automatically and instantaneously reconnecting the rechargeable battery cell means to the product while disconnecting the backup voltage source from the product when the voltage of the rechargeable battery cell means again reaches said upper threshold voltage, whereby in the absence of the backup D.C. voltage source the switching means is powered from the primary D.C. voltage source. 9. A multiple power source as claimed in claim 8 and in which the backup D.C. voltage source comprises battery means that do not recharge in the circuit. 10. A multiple power source as claimed in claim 8 and in which the product is provided with an on/off power switch connected with means for preliminarily connecting the rechargeable battery cell means to the product irrespective of its voltage value above the lower threshold voltage when the power switch is turned on, except in the event its voltage value is below said lower threshold voltage. 11. A multiple power source as claimed in claim 10 and in which said means connecting the rechargeable battery cell means to the product when the said power switch is turned on comprises capacitive and resistive attenuator dividers, the resistive divider establishing the upper threshold voltage and monitoring the voltage of the rechargeable battery cell means, and the capacitive divider providing a switching transient upon turn-on of said power switch to ensure the switching of the rechargeable battery cell means to the product. 12. A multiple power source as claimed in claim 9 and in which said pair of switching means comprises PNP bipolar transistor switches and said sense and control means comprises low-power circuitry for alternately oppositely operating the PNP bipolar transistor switches. 13. A multiple D.C. power source for electrical and electronic products having, in combination, a primary D.C. voltage source provided with rechargeable battery cell means having charging means and connected with voltage-supplying means, for controlling the voltage value of the rechargeable battery cell means; a backup D.C. voltage source; oppositely alternately operative switching means for connecting the primary D.C. voltage source to the product while disconnecting the backup D.C. voltage source from the product; and sense and control means connected to monitor the state of the said voltage value of the primary D.C. voltage source rechargeable battery means and for establishing predetermined upper and lower threshold voltages therefor, and for controlling the switching means in response to the monitoring, automatically and instantaneously to connect the backup D.C. voltage source to the product while disconnecting the primary D.C. voltage source rechargeable battery cell means therefrom when said voltage value thereof drops to said lower threshold voltage; and means for automatically and instantaneously reconnecting the primary D.C. voltage source rechargeable battery cell means to the product while disconnecting the back-up D.C. voltage source from the product when the voltage value of the primary D.C. voltage source rechargeable battery cell means reaches said upper threshold value, whereby in the absence of the backup D.C. voltage source the switching means is powered from the primary D.C. voltage source. 14. A multiple D.C. power source as claimed in claim 13 and in which said voltage-supplying means for said primary D.C. voltage source comprises photovoltaic cell means. 15. A multiple D.C. power source as claimed in claim 13 and in which voltage-supply means for said primary d.c. voltage source comprises an external D.C. power source. 