A solar and wind energy generating system for mounting to a building comprises a wind generator system including at least an auger shaped air engaging member. A plurality of wind generators having air engaging vanes may also be provided. The wind generating system intercepts the flow of air currents to produce mechanical energy which is transformed into electrical energy by an electric generator. The air engaging surface of the wind generator vanes or the auger include a plurality of surface deviations. The surface deviations are arranged in at least one predetermined pattern such as a plurality of radially extending deviation sets. The solar generator includes a plurality of solar energy collectors. The wind generators may further include air engaging vanes with at least one transparent surface, and a plurality of solar energy collectors within a cavity formed in the vane, thus forming a combined solar and wind energy generator. The wind and solar generators are stored within the building when not in use, and movable to a position exterior of the building when in use. The wind and solar energy generating system may be vertically or horizontally mounted, on or off a pedestal, and may be surrounded by a net like structure to prevent harm to birds.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar and wind energy generating system for mounting to a building, comprising: at least one wind energy generating apparatus including: at least one auger shaped fluid medium engaging member, for effecting rotational movement in an electrical generator by intercepting the flow of a fluid medium, said auger shaped fluid medium engaging member mounted to a building; said at least one auger shaped fluid medium engaging member including a helically shaped outer region disposed about a longitudinal axis which passes through a central region of said at least one auger shaped fluid medium engaging member, said helically shaped outer region establishing at least one helically shaped fluid medium engaging surface, said at least one auger shaped fluid medium engaging member adapted for rotational movement about said longitudinal axis, said flow of a fluid medium effecting said rotational movement of said at least one auger shaped fluid medium engaging member upon striking said at least one helically shaped fluid medium engaging surface, for effecting rotational movement of said at least one auger shaped fluid medium engaging member; and an electrical generator, coupled to said at least one auger shaped fluid medium engaging member and responsive to said rotational movement, for generating electrical energy upon rotation of said electrical generator caused by said rotational movement of said at least one auger shaped fluid medium engaging member; and a solar energy generating apparatus including a plurality of solar energy collectors, responsive to light energy striking said plurality of solar energy collectors, for transforming light energy into electrical energy. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein said at least one helically shaped fluid medium engaging surface includes a plurality of surface deviations, for enhancing said rotational movement of said at least one auger shaped fluid medium engaging member effected by said flow of a fluid medium. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein said plurality of surface deviations include wedge-shaped deviations. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein said at least one auger shaped fluid medium engaging member is mounted vertically to said building. 5. The system of claim 4, further including a fluid medium funnel coupled proximate a first end of said at least one auger shaped fluid medium engaging member, for intercepting said flow of a fluid medium and for converging said flow of said fluid medium upon said at least one helically shaped fluid medium engaging surface of said at least one auger shaped fluid medium engaging member. 6. The system of claim 5, further including a rudder, coupled proximate a-second end of said at least one auger shaped fluid medium engaging member opposite from said fluid medium funnel, for urging said fluid medium funnel into a direction parallel to a direction of said flow of a fluid medium, and for positioning said fluid medium funnel to intercept and converge said flow of a fluid medium upon said at least one helically shaped fluid medium engaging surface. 7. The system of claim 4, wherein at least said auger shaped fluid medium engaging member is covered by a protective net member. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein said auger shaped fluid medium engaging member is mounted in a horizontal position between a pair of adjacent floors of said building. 9. The system of claim 8 further including a fluid medium flow deflector for intercepting said flow of a fluid medium, said fluid medium flow deflector including a tubular fluid medium funnel member surrounding said auger shaped fluid medium engaging member, for directing said flow of a fluid medium across said auger shaped fluid medium engaging member. 10. The solar and wind energy generating system of claim 1, wherein said at least one wind energy generating apparatus further includes: a plurality of wind generators, each of said plurality of wind generators including a plurality of air engaging vanes having at least first and second surfaces, said air engaging vanes rotatably supported by said wind generator and operative for intercepting a flow of air currents for producing mechanical energy; electric generator apparatus, coupled to each of said plurality of wind generators, for transforming said mechanical energy into electrical energy; and at least one of said first and second surfaces of each of said plurality of air engaging vanes including a plurality of surface deviations arranged in at least a first surface deviation pattern, said at least first surface deviation pattern including a plurality of deviation sets extending radially from a central point for forming said surface deviation patterns. 11. A system of claim 10 wherein said wind energy generating apparatus and said solar energy generating apparatus are movably mounted to said building, so as to be movable between a first stored position within the building, and a second useable position exterior of the building. 12. The system of claim 11 wherein said first stored position includes a region between pairs of adjacent floors of said building. 13. The system of claim 12 wherein at least one of said solar energy generating apparatus and said wind energy generating apparatus are stored horizontally between pairs of adjacent floors of said buildings. 14. The system of claim 11 wherein said first stored position includes a region within one floor of said building. 15. The system of claim 14 wherein at least one of said solar energy generating apparatus and said wind energy generating apparatus are stored vertically within said one floor of said building. 16. The system of claim 15 wherein at least one of said solar and wind energy generating apparatus are mounted to a vertical frame, and wherein said vertical frame is disposed at ground level and includes at least one pedestrian walkway region. 17. The system of claim 11 wherein said solar generating apparatus are movably mounted horizontally and said wind generating apparatus are movably mounted vertically to said building respectively. 18. The system of claim 11 wherein said solar energy generating apparatus and said wind generating apparatus are mounted to one frame structure; and wherein said frame structure is movably coupled to a track, for traversing at least a roof area of said building. 19. The system of claim 10 wherein a plurality of said wind generators are coupled to one electric generator apparatus. 20. The system of claim 10 wherein said plurality of wind generators include a plurality of curved air engaging vanes. 21. The system of claim 10 wherein said deviation sets include spirally shaped deviation sets. 22. The system of claim 21 wherein said spirally shaped deviation sets radiate spirally from a common central deviation. 23. The system of claim 10 wherein said surface deviations are convex. 24. The system of claim 10 wherein said surface deviations are concave. 25. The system of claim 10 wherein said surface deviations include concave and convex deviations. 26. The system of claim 10 wherein said at least first and second surfaces of each of said plurality of air engaging vanes form a cavity region within said air engaging vanes; and wherein said plurality of air engaging vanes further include a plurality of solar energy collectors disposed within said cavity, for transforming light energy into electrical energy. 27. The system of claim 10 wherein said solar energy collectors include light sensitive solar cells. 28. A solar and wind energy generating system for mounting to a building, comprising: at least one wind energy generating apparatus movably mounted to a building said wind energy generating apparatus movably mounted to a building including: an auger shaped fluid medium engaging member, for effecting rotational movement in an electrical generator by intercepting the flow of a fluid medium, said auger shaped fluid medium engaging member mounted to a building comprising: a helically shaped outer region disposed about a longitudinal axis which passes through a central region of said auger shaped fluid medium engaging member, said helically shaped outer region establishing at least one helically shaped fluid medium engaging surface, said auger shaped fluid medium engaging member adapted for rotational movement about said longitudinal axis, said flow of a fluid medium effecting said rotational movement of said auger shaped fluid medium engaging member upon striking said at least one helically shaped fluid medium engaging surface, for effecting rotational movement of said auger shaped fluid medium engaging member, and a solar energy generating apparatus mounted to a building. 29. The system of claim 28 wherein said at least one wind energy generating apparatus movably mounted to a building further includes: a plurality of wind generators, each of said plurality of wind generators including a plurality of air engaging vanes having at least first and second surfaces, said air engaging vanes rotatably supported by said wind generator and operative for intercepting a flow of air currents for producing mechanical energy; electric generator apparatus, coupled to each of said plurality of wind generators, for transforming said mechanical energy into electrical energy; and at least one of said first and second surfaces of each of said plurality of air engaging vanes including a plurality of surface deviations arranged in at least a first surface deviation pattern, said at least first surface deviation pattern including a plurality of deviation sets extending radially from a central point for forming said surface deviation patterns; and wherein said solar energy generating apparatus movably mounted to a building includes: a plurality of solar energy collectors, responsive to light energy striking said plurality of solar energy collectors, for transforming light energy into electrical energy. 30. The system of claim 28 wherein said solar energy generating apparatus includes a plurality of solar energy collectors, responsive to light energy striking said plurality of solar energy collectors, for transforming light energy into electrical energy. 31. The system of claim 28 further including an electric vehicle recharging device, located proximate said building and responsive to said solar energy generating apparatus, for providing electrical energy for recharging at least one battery of said electric vehicle. 