A spacecraft power bus regulation method and apparatus for a spacecraft. The spacecraft has solar arrays (10) and a battery (30) coupled to the spacecraft power bus (32) to drive electrical loads (34). A bus voltage limiter (38) controls the flow of current from the solar arrays while a bidirectional battery controller (36) controls power flow into and out of the battery. A processor (46) monitors current flow and battery condition using sensors (40, 42, 44, 48) and controls the bus voltage limiter accordingly. Auxiliary control is provided by the solar array drive (24) which controls the orientation of the solar arrays with respect to the sun.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a spacecraft having a bus for carrying electrical power, an apparatus for controlling the electrical power carried on the bus comprising: a battery for receiving and storing the electrical power from the bus and for supplying the electrical power from storage to the bus; a battery controller for regulating the flow of the electrical power from and to the bus into and out of the battery; a solar array having a plurality of solar cells for receiving radiation from the sun, generating electrical power therefrom and supplying the generated electrical power to the bus, the rate of the electrical power generation being affected by the orientation of the solar array with respect to the sun; a solar array drive for changing the orientation of the solar array with respect to the sun; a battery condition sensor for measuring the charge state of the battery; and a processor in communication with the battery condition sensor for controlling the solar array drive so as to affect the rate of electrical power generation of the solar array and thereby cause the solar array to supply the electrical power sufficient to maintain a desired battery condition. 2. Apparatus of claim 1 wherein the battery condition sensor comprises a pressure sensor. 3. Apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a battery current sensor in communication with the processor for measuring current into and out of the battery and wherein the processor controls the operation of the solar array drive in response to the measured current. 4. Apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a bus voltage limiter for regulating the electrical power supplied to the bus by the solar array. 5. Apparatus of claim 4 wherein the solar array solar cells are comprised of strings of solar cells and wherein the bus voltage limiter comprises a plurality of switches, each switch being electrically coupled between a solar cell string and the bus, the bus voltage limiter alternately closing and opening the switches for alternately connecting and disconnecting the respective strings to and from the bus. 6. Apparatus of claim 5 wherein at least some of the solar cell strings are not electrically coupled to any one of the plurality of bus voltage limiter switches. 7. Apparatus of claim 6 wherein the solar array comprises a plurality of panels, each panel having a plurality of solar cell strings and wherein all of the solar cell strings of at least some of the panels are not electrically coupled to any of the switches of the bus voltage limiter. 8. Apparatus of claim 7 wherein the solar array has a deployed position and an undeployed position, at least one of the panels being exposed to solar radiation in the undeployed position and wherein only the solar cell strings of the panel which is exposed to the solar radiation in the undeployed position are electrically coupled to any one of the plurality of bus voltage limiter switches. 9. Apparatus of claim 5 wherein the switches alternately individually connect the solar cell strings either to the spacecraft bus or to a bus return line. 10. Apparatus of claim 4 wherein the processor generates a battery current reference signal in response to the measurement made by the battery condition sensor, the apparatus further comprising: a battery current sensor for measuring current into and out of the battery; and a comparator for comparing the current measured by the battery current sensor with the current reference signal and generating a current error signal in response thereto and wherein the bus voltage limiter regulates the electrical power supplied to the bus based on the current error signal. 11. Apparatus of claim 4 wherein the limiter regulates the power supplied to the bus by diverting some of the power supplied by the solar array away from the bus, the apparatus further comprising a limiter status sensor, in communication with the processor, for monitoring the power diverted away from the bus by the bus voltage limiter, and wherein the processor controls the solar array drive in response to the limiter status sensor in order to maintain the power diverted by the bus voltage limiter above a determined threshold. 12. In a spacecraft having an electrical power bus, a battery for receiving and storing the electrical power from the bus and providing the electrical power from storage to the bus, a battery controller for regulating the flow of the electrical power from and to the bus into and out of the battery, a solar array for receiving radiation from the sun, generating electrical power therefrom and supplying the generated electrical power to the bus, the rate of electrical power generation being affected by the orientation of the solar array with respect to the sun, and a solar array drive for changing the orientation of the solar array with respect to the sun, an apparatus for controlling the electrical power carried on the bus comprising: a battery condition sensor for measuring the charge state of the battery; and a processor in communication with the battery condition sensor for controlling the solar array drive so as to affect the rate of electrical power generation of the solar array and thereby cause the solar array to supply the electrical power sufficient to maintain a desired battery condition. 13. Apparatus of claim 12 further comprising a battery current sensor in communication with the processor for measuring current into and out of the battery and wherein the processor controls the operation of the solar array drive in response to the measured current. 14. Apparatus of claim 12 further comprising a bus voltage limiter for regulating the electrical power supplied to the bus by the solar array. 15. Apparatus of claim 14 wherein the solar array comprises solar cells, said solar cells being comprised of a plurality of solar cell strings and wherein the bus voltage limiter comprises a plurality of switches, each switch being electrically coupled between one of the solar cell strings and the bus, the bus voltage limiter alternately closing and opening the switches for alternately connecting and disconnecting respective solar cell strings to and from the bus. 16. Apparatus of claim 15 wherein at least some of the solar cell strings are not electrically coupled to any one of the plurality of bus voltage limiter switches. 17. Apparatus of claim 14 wherein the processor generates a battery current reference signal in response to the measurement made by the battery condition sensor, the apparatus further comprising a battery current sensor for measuring current into and out of the battery; and a comparator for comparing the current measured by the battery current sensor with the current reference signal and generating a current error signal in response thereto and wherein the bus voltage limiter regulates the electrical power supplied to the bus based on the current error signal. 18. Apparatus of claim 14 wherein the limiter regulates the power supplied to the bus by diverting some of the power supplied by the solar array away from the bus, the apparatus further comprising a limiter status sensor, in communication with the processor, for monitoring the power diverted away from the bus by the bus voltage limiter, and wherein the processor controls the solar array drive in response to the limiter status sensor in order to maintain the amount of power diverted by the bus voltage limiter above a determined threshold. 19. In a spacecraft having a bus for carrying electrical power, a battery coupled to the bus for receiving the electrical power from and storing the electrical power from the bus and for supplying the electrical power to the bus, and a solar array for supplying the electrical power to the bus, a method for controlling the electrical power carried on the bus comprising: regulating the flow of the electrical power on the bus into and out of the battery for stabilizing the bus voltage; measuring the condition of the battery; moving the orientation of the solar array with respect to the sun in response to the battery condition measurement for adjusting the amount of the electrical power generated by the solar array and thereby maintaining a desired battery condition. 20. Method of claim 19 further comprising measuring current on the bus and controlling the orientation of the solar array drive so as to stabilize the bus current. 21. Method of claim 20 wherein the step of measuring the current on the bus comprises measuring current into and out of the battery. 22. Method of claim 19 wherein the solar array comprises a plurality of solar cell strings, the method comprising further regulating the amount of the solar array electrical power supplied to the bus by alternately connecting and disconnecting the solar cell strings to and from the bus. 23. Method of claim 19 further comprising the step of measuring current supplied by the solar array, wherein loads on the bus are variable and wherein the step of moving the orientation of the solar array comprises moving the orientation of the solar array in order to maintain a power surplus on the bus sufficient to support anticipated variations in the loads on the bus. 