A method for measuring and monitoring the biological effects of UV-B radiation along with an instrument for implementing this method. The biological UV-B effect monitor generally includes a first photodetector sensitive to UV-B only, a second photodetector sensitive to visible light only, and a microprocessor for normalizing the UV-B response relative to the visible response and applying one or more stored biologic response algorithms to the measured and normalized UV-B value to produce a biologic response output signal.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A biological UV-B effect monitor for assessing biological effects of solar UV-B radiation comprising: a first photodetector amplifier circuit responsive to solar radiation in the UV-B band for producing an output signal proportional to the weighted integral of the incident UV-B solar spectrum with said first photodetector response thus producing a UV-B output signal U(t) at each instant t; a second photodetector amplifier circuit responsive to solar radiation in the visible band for producing a second output signal proportional to the weighted integral of a portion of the incident visible solar spectrum with said second photodetector response thus producing a visible output signal V(t) at each instant t; a diffuser for integrating both diffuse and direct radiation entering said first and second photodetectors; a short wavelength blocking filter to prevent UV-B radiation from entering said second, visible spectrum, photodetector circuit; a microprocessor circuit for sampling values from said UV-B and visible output signals, U(t) and V(t), respectively, and creating a quotient by dividing said UV-B output signal by said visible output signal; at least one algorithm stored in said microprocessor for determining a biological effect as a function of said quotient; a program executable by said microprocessor for applying said algorithm to said measured quotient to determine the magnitude of said biological effect; and display means for reporting said biological effect. 2. The biological UV-B effect monitor as recited in claim 1 further comprising at least one analog to digital converter for converting said UV-B and visible output signals from analog form to digital stream form. 3. The biological UV-B effect monitor as recited in claim 1 wherein said first UV-B photodetector amplifier circuit includes a CsTe phototube. 4. The biological UV-B effect monitor as recited in claim 1 wherein said second photodetector amplifier circuit includes a semiconductor GaP photodiode. 5. The biological UV-B effect monitor as recited in claim 1 wherein said diffuser produces a Lambertian response. 6. The biological UV-B effect monitor as recited in claim 1 wherein said diffuser is ground silica. 7. The biological UV-B effect monitor as recited in claim 1 wherein said display means is an LCD panel. 8. The biological UV-B effect monitor as recited in claim 1 wherein said biological effect is the McKinlay-Diffey erythema response. 9. The biological UV-B effect monitor as recited in claim 1 wherein said algorithm is based on the weighted integral of the McKinlay-Diffey erythema response to a set of solar irradiance values. 10. The biological UV-B effect monitor as recited in claim 1 wherein said algorithm represents the least squares fit of the weighted integral of the McKinlay-Diffey erythema response and UV-B radiance against the weighted integral of said second photodetector amplifier circuit to UV-B radiation divided by visible radiance. 11. The biological UV-B effect monitor as recited in claim 10 wherein said algorithm has the form E.sub.B =C.sub.1 +C.sub.2 E.sub.D +C.sub.3 E.sup.2.sub.D where E.sub.B is said erythema response, E.sub.D is said quotient, and C.sub.1, C.sub.2 and C.sub.3 are coefficients. 12. A method for assessing effects of solar UV-B radiation comprising the steps of: (a) measuring the incident UV-B irradiance using a first photodetector circuit responsive only to UV-B irradiance; (b) measuring the incident visible irradiance using a second photodetector circuit unresponsive to UV-B irradiance; (c) mathematically normalizing the response of said first UV-B photodetector circuit by the response of said second visible photodetector circuit to produce a measure of UV-B irradiance corrected for wavelength independent factors such as clouds and smoke; and (d) correlating the UV-B effects as characterized by known UV-B response spectra with said normalized UV-B response. 13. The method for assessing effects of solar UV-B radiation as recited in claim 12 further comprising the step of integrating the incident radiation to produce Lambertian responses to said first and second photodetector circuits. 14. The method for assessing effects of solar UV-B radiation as recited in claim 12 wherein step (a) is performed by a CsTe phototube in said first photodetector circuit. 