A system for injecting chemicals, e.g., odorants, from a chemical supply into a gas pipeline includes three primary components, a pump for injecting the odorant, a metering device, and a programmable controller. The controller is preferably powered by a solar panel to facilitate use of the system in remote areas for long periods of time. A removable data carrier, such as a memory module, is connected to the controller to collect odorant system event data. The data carrier is removable from the controller and the data therein may be downloaded into an auxiliary audit computer for generation of summary audit reports. The system precisely monitors how much odorant is used per pump stroke and insures that the odorant injection rate remains constant irrespective of environmental or equipment variations which might otherwise cause inaccuracies in the measurement of odorant usage data and/or the fluctuation of the odorant injection rate.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for injecting odorant from an odorant supply into a gas pipeline at a desired injection rate, comprising: a pump having an inlet, and an outlet connectable to the gas pipeline, the pump having an adjustable stroke rate; a meter supporting a predetermined volume of odorant and having an inlet connected to receive odorant from the odorant supply and an outlet for delivering odorant to the inlet of the pump; a level transducer for continuously monitoring a level of odorant in the meter and generating an odorant level signal proportional thereto; and a controller operative under the control of a program stored therein and responsive to the odorant level signal for generating a control signal for selectively altering the stroke rate of the pump to maintain the injection rate substantially constant over a predetermined time period. 2. The odorant injection system as described in claim 1 further including; a flow rate transducer located in the gas pipeline for generating a flow rate signal proportional to the flow rate of the gas in the gas pipeline; and wherein the controller is also responsive to the flow rate signal to generate the control signal. 3. The odorant injection system as described in claim 1 further including; a temperature transducer located in the meter for generating a temperature signal proportional to the temperature of the odorant in the meter; and wherein the controller is also responsive to the temperature signal to generate the control signal. 4. The odorant injection system as described in claim 1 further including; a flow rate transducer located in the gas pipeline for generating a flow rate signal proportional to the flow rate of the gas in the gas pipeline; and a temperature transducer located in the meter for generating a temperature signal proportional to the temperature of the odorant in the meter; and wherein the controller is also responsive to the flow rate signal and the temperature signal to generate the control signal. 5. The odorant injection system as described in claim 1 further including an audit system for collecting odorant usage data. 6. The odorant injection system as described in claim 5 wherein the audit system includes a memory module for storing odorant injection event data, and an audit controller. 7. The odorant injection system as described in claim 1 further including means for supplying electrical energy to power the controller. 8. The odorant injection system as described in claim 4 wherein the means for supplying electrical energy is a solar panel. 9. The odorant injection system as described in claim 1 further including a gas expansion tank connected to the meter. 10. In a system for injecting odorant from an odorant supply into a gas pipeline, the system comprising a pump for injecting the odorant into the pipeline and a controller for controlling actuation of the pump, the improvement comprising: a memory module connectable to the controller for collecting odorant usage data over a predetermined period of time; and an audit computer for receiving the odorant usage data collected by the memory module and including: program control means for processing the odorant usage data to generate audit information including at least one of the following data types for the predetermined period of time; daily odorant usage (DOU) data, hourly odorant usage (HOU) data for each hour of a particular day corresponding to the DOU data, odorant injection rate data, and alarm data; display means for displaying at least some of the audit information in a first display format; and interface control means for selecting a data type while the audit information is displayed in the first format and in response thereto displaying some other of the audit information in a second display format. 11. A system for injecting a chemical from a chemical supply into a fluid conduit at a desired injection rate, comprising: a pump having an inlet, and an outlet connectable to the fluid conduit, the pump having an adjustable stroke rate; a meter supporting a predetermined volume of the chemical and having an inlet connected to receive the chemical from the chemical supply and an outlet for delivering the chemical to the inlet of the pump; a level transducer for continuously monitoring a level of the chemical in the meter and generating a level signal proportional thereto; and a flow rate transducer located in the fluid conduit for generating a flow rate signal proportional to the flow rate of the fluid in the fluid conduit; a temperature transducer located in the meter for generating a temperature signal proportional to the temperature of the chemical in the meter; and a controller operative under the control of a program stored therein and responsive to the level signal, the flow rate signal and the temperature signal for generating a control signal for selectively altering the stroke rate of the pump to maintain the injection rate substantially constant over a predetermined time period. 