A pump and a method for pumping liquid or fluid through a pair resilient es includes a shuttle block which partially compresses the tubes in a balanced, alternating manner. The resilient tubes are held in a parallel relationship with a predetermined space defined therebetween. Within the predetermined space, a shuttle block is oscillated along the linear axis to partially compress the tubes in an alternating fashion. As one of the two parallel tubes is compressed, fluid is pumped out of the tube and at the same time fluid is drawn into the second tube as the latter tube resumes its original shape. The resilience of both tubes also is used to assist the pumping action in a balanced fashion, thereby providing a pump that has low power consumption and is lightweight.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A pump for pumping a fluid comprising: a first resilient tube and a second resilient tube each having original shapes; means for holding said first resilient tube and said second resilient tube in a substantially parallel relationship to each other and defining a predetermined space therebetween; a shuttle block positioned within said predetermined space and having a first side and a second side adjacent said first resilient tube and said second resilient tube, respectively; driving means for driving said shuttle block linearly along an oscillation axis to first and second positions, said oscillation axis being perpendicular to said first side and said second side of said shuttle block, said shuttle block partially compressing said first resilient tube when moved to said first position and partially compressing said second resilient tube when moved to said second position; a first input valve connected to one end of said first resilient tube and a first output valve connected to an opposite end of said first resilient tube; and a second input valve connected to one end of said second resilient tube and a second output valve connected to an opposite end of said second resilient tube, wherein a first portion of said fluid is pumped out of said first resilient tube through said first output valve as said shuttle block compresses said first resilient tube while a second portion of said fluid is drawn into said second resilient tube through said second input valve as said second resilient tube resumes its said original shape. 2. A pump as recited in claim 1, wherein said driving means comprises a high efficiency electric motor. 3. A pump as recited in claim 2, wherein said electric motor is powered by a battery power source. 4. A pump as recited in claim 2, wherein said driving means further comprises: a rotating shaft extending from said electric motor; and an eccentric means on an end of said rotating shaft for engaging said shuttle block and converting rotational motion of said rotating shaft into linear motion of said shuttle block. 5. A pump as recited in claim 2, further comprising motor control means connected to said electric motor for monitoring back emf of said electric motor and automatically adjusting the operation of said electric motor until said back emf equals a predetermined value. 6. A pump as recited in claim 2, wherein said electric motor is solar powered. 7. A pump as recited in claim 1, wherein said first and said second input valves and said first and said second output valves comprise check valves. 8. A pump as recited in claim 7, wherein said check valves are duckbill check valves. 9. A pump as recited in claim 1, wherein said fluid flows through said first resilient tube in a first direction and said fluid flows through said second resilient tube in a second direction opposite to said first direction. 10. A pump as recited in claim 1, further comprising a third resilient tube and a fourth resilient tube adjacent said first resilient tube and said second resilient tube, respectively, wherein said first side and said second side of said shuttle block partially compress said third resilient tube and said fourth resilient tube, respectively, as said shuttle block moves along said oscillation axis. 11. A pump as recited in claim 1, further comprising: a third resilient tube and a fourth resilient tube; and a second shuttle block arranged between said third resilient tube and said fourth resilient tube and connected to said driving means, said driving means for driving said second shuttle block against said third resilient tube and said fourth resilient tube in an alternating fashion so as to pump a portion of said fluid through said third resilient tube and said fourth resilient tube. 12. A method for pumping a fluid through a first resilient tube and a second resilient tube each having original shapes and held in a substantially parallel relationship to each other and having a predetermined space defined therebetween, said method comprising the steps of: (a) arranging a shuttle block in said predetermined space; (b) driving said shuttle block in a first direction along an oscillation axis to partially compress said first resilient tube; (c) discharging a first portion of said fluid from an output end of said first resilient tube as said driving step (b) partially compresses said first resilient tube; (d) driving said shuttle block in a second direction along said oscillation axis to partially compress said second resilient tube and to allow said first resilient tube to resume its said original shape; (e) discharging a second portion of said fluid from an output end of said second resilient tube as said driving step (d) partially compresses said second resilient tube; and (f) introducing a third portion of said fluid into said first resilient tube as said first resilient tube resumes its said original shape. 13. A method as recited in claim 12, wherein said driving step (b) and said driving step (d) further comprise the steps of: rotating a shaft having an eccentric on one end, about a rotation axis, said rotation axis being perpendicular to said oscillation axis; and engaging said shuttle block with said eccentric such that rotational energy of said shaft is converted into linear oscillating energy in a direction of said oscillation axis. 14. A method as recited in claim 12, further comprising the steps of: determining a desired back emf value of a motor for driving said shuttle block wherein said desired back emf value corresponds to a desired flow rate of said fluid; monitoring actual back emf of said motor as said motor drives said shuttle block; and comparing said actual back emf with said desired back emf value and automatically adjusting the operation of said motor so that said actual back emf equals said desired back emf value. 15. A method as recited in claim 12, wherein said fluid includes biological cells and wherein said discharging step (c), said discharging step (e), and said introducing step (f), further comprise the steps of discharging a first portion of said fluid under low pressure, discharging a second portion of said fluid under low pressure, and introducing a third portion of said fluid under low pressure, respectively, so that damage to said biological cells is minimized. 16. A method as recited in claim 12, wherein said driving step (b) and said driving step (d) further comprise the step of utilizing a force exerted by fluid within a compressed tube to urge the shuttle block in a direction away from said compressed tube. 17. A method as recited in claim 15, wherein said driving step (b) and said driving step (d) further comprise the step of utilizing a force exerted by the resiliency of a compressed tube to urge the shuttle block in a direction away from said compressed tube. 18. A pump for pumping a fluid composed of particles of a first size, said pump comprising: a first resilient tube and a second resilient tube each having an original shape and receiving said fluid; means for compressing said first resilient tube into a compressed tube having a passage defined therethrough of a second size; means for reciprocating potential energy that is stored in said first resilient tube when said first resilient tube is compressed, to said compressing means as said first resilient tube resumes its said original shape wherein reciprocated potential energy aids said compressing means in a subsequent compression of said second resilient tube; and means for discharging a first portion of said fluid from a first end of said first resilient tube as said compressing means compresses said first resilient tube and for introducing a second portion of said fluid to an opposite end of said first resilient tube as said first resilient tube resumes its said original shape. 19. A pump as recited in claim 18, wherein said second size of said passage of said compressed tube is of equal or greater size than said first size. 20. An apparatus for pumping a fluid through a first resilient tube and a second resilient tube each having original shapes and held in a substantially parallel relationship to each other and having a predetermined space defined therebetween, said apparatus comprising: means for arranging a shuttle block in said predetermined space; means for driving said shuttle block in a first direction along an oscillation axis to partially compress said first resilient tube; means for discharging a first portion of said fluid from an output end of said first resilient tube as said driving means partially compresses said first resilient tube; said driving means being for driving said shuttle block in a second direction along said oscillation axis to partially compress said second resilient tube and to allow said first resilient tube to resume its said original shape; means for discharging a second portion of said fluid from an output end of said second resilient tube as said driving means partially compresses said second resilient tube; and means for introducing a third portion of said fluid into said first resilient tube as said first resilient tube resumes its said original shape. 