A golf cart control and monitoring apparatus, includes two antennas spaced from each other, two transmitters, two receivers, two alarms, an event counter, a time accumulator and a display for the events counted and the time accumulated. The two antennas are each disposed about a golf course restricted area and one antenna is disposed outside of the other. One transmitter transmits a first electromagnetic signal from one antenna which signal is received by the first receiver. The second transmitter transmits a second electromagnetic signal from the other antenna, which signal is received by the second receiver. The first alarm generates an alarm indicating that a golf cart is approaching a restricted area of a golf course in response to the first output from the first receiver. The second alarm generates another alarm, distinct from the first alarm, and an external alarm indicating that a golf cart has entered the restricted area in response to the second output from the second receiver. The event counter counts the number of times a golf cart enters into restricted areas and the time accumulator determines the cumulative amount of time the golf cart has been located in the restricted areas, wherein the accumulator begins to accumulate data upon receipt of the second output and stops data accumulation upon loss of the second output and receipt of the first output.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A golf cart control and monitoring apparatus, comprising: first and second antennas spaced from each other, said first and second antennas each being disposed about at least one restricted area of a golf course, where said first antenna is disposed outside of said second antenna; transmitter means for transmitting both a first electromagnetic signal from said first antenna and a second electromagnetic signal from said second antenna; receiver means for both receiving said first and second electromagnetic signals and providing first and second outputs representative thereof; first alarm means, responsive to said first output from said receiver means, for generating a first alarm indicating that a golf cart is approaching any one of the at least one restricted area; second alarm means, responsive to said second output from said receiver means, for generating a second alarm indicating that the golf cart has entered any one of the at least one restricted area; event log means, responsive to both said first and second outputs, for generating a cumulative historical log of how many times and for how long the golf cart has been located within any of the at least one restricted area, wherein said event log means, said receiver means, said first alarm means and said second alarm means are disposed on the golf cart. 2. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 1 wherein said event log means begins to accumulate data upon receipt of said second output and terminates data accumulation upon loss of said second output and receipt of said first output, and wherein said second alarm means generates an alarm that is distinct from that generated by said first alarm means. 3. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 2 in which said event log means includes: an event counter, responsive to said second output from said receiver means, for counting each time the golf cart has entered into any of the at least one restricted area; and time accumulation means, responsive to said second output from said receiver means, for determining the cumulative amount of time the golf cart has been located in any of the at least one restricted area. 4. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 3 in which said event log means further includes: an event display, responsive to said event counter, that provides a visual display to an operator of the golf cart of the total number of entries into any of the at least one restricted area; and a time display, responsive to said time accumulation means, that provides a visual display to the golf cart operator of the cumulative time. 5. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 4 in which said receiver means includes a signal sealing means for sealing in said second output from said receiver means until said receiver means is receiving said first electromagnetic signal and not receiving said second electromagnetic signal. 6. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 2 in which said transmitter means includes a first transmitter for generating said first electromagnetic signal, and a second transmitter for generating said second electromagnetic signal. 7. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 6 in which said transmitter means further includes: switching means for selectively switching said first and said second transmitters for selectively transmitting said first and said second electromagnetic signals; and an electrical power supply for energizing said first and said second transmitters, wherein said switching means is disposed between said power supply and said first and second transmitters such that said first and second transmitters are selectively energized by said power supply. 8. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 7 wherein said electrical power supply includes a solar power cell. 9. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 2 in which said receiver means includes a first receiver for receiving said first electromagnetic signal, wherein said first receiver provides said first output representative of said first electromagnetic signal, and a second receiver for receiving said second electromagnetic signal, wherein said second receiver provides said second output representative of said second electromagnetic signal. 10. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 9 in which said first alarm means includes: pulse stretch means for both lengthening the pulse width of said first output from said first receiver and generating a stretched pulse signal representative thereof; visual alarm means, responsive to said stretched pulse signal, for generating a first visual alarm; and auditory alarm means, responsive to said first output from said receiver, for generating a first auditory alarm. 11. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 9 further comprising false signal inhibitor means for blocking output from said first and said second receivers from being processed further when prespecified conditions are met. 12. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 11 wherein output from said first receiver is blocked when the outputs from said first and said second receiver are coincident in time and wherein output from said second receiver is blocked if the second receiver output is not preceded by an output from said first receiver. 13. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 2 in which said first alarm means includes means for generating a first visual alarm and a first auditory alarm and in which said second alarm means includes means for generating a second visual alarm and a second auditory alarm. 14. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 13 wherein said second auditory alarm is distinct from said first auditory alarm and wherein said second visual alarm is distinct from said first visual alarm. 15. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 14 further including alarm blocking means for blocking said first visual alarm when said receiver means is receiving said second electromagnetic signal from said second antenna. 16. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 2 further including a pre-scripted message display that displays a pre-scripted message selected from among at least one available pre-scripted message, the displayed message advising a golf cart operator of the cart's location with respect to any of the at least one restricted area. 17. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 2, further including an external visual warning means, responsive to said second output from said receiver means, for generating a visual signal that is visible to golf course representatives at other locations on the golf course. 18. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 2 wherein said first and second antennas are disposed so as to be spaced 18 feet apart from each other. 19. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 18 wherein said first and second antennas are disposed below grade. 20. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 2 wherein said transmitter means includes a lightning protection device that protects both said transmitter means and said first and second antennas from the effects of lightning strikes. 21. A golf cart control and monitoring apparatus, comprising: first and second antennas spaced from each other, said first and second antennas each being disposed about at least one restricted area of a golf course, where said first antenna is disposed outside of said second antenna; a first transmitter means for transmitting a first electromagnetic signal from said first antenna; a second transmitter means for transmitting a second electromagnetic signal from said second antenna; a first receiver means for both receiving said first electromagnetic signal and providing a first output representative thereof; a second receiver means for both receiving said second electromagnetic signal and providing a second output representative thereof; first alarm means, responsive to said first output from said first receiver means, for generating a first alarm indicating that a golf cart is approaching any one of the at least one restricted area; second alarm means, responsive to said second output from said second receiver means, for generating a second alarm indicating that the golf cart has entered any one of the at least one restricted area, wherein said second alarm means generates an alarm that is distinct from that generated by said first alarm means; an event counter means, responsive to said second output from said second receiver means, for counting each time the golf cart has entered any of the at least one restricted area; time accumulation means, responsive to both said first and second outputs, for determining the cumulative amount of time the golf cart has been located in any of the at least one restricted area, wherein said time accumulation means begins to accumulate data upon receipt of said second output and stops data accumulation upon loss of said second output and receipt of said first output; and display means, responsive to said time accumulation means and said event counter means, for both displaying the total number of entries into any of the at least one restricted area and displaying the cumulative time, wherein said display means, said first and second receiver means, said event counter means, said first and second alarm means and said time accumulation means are disposed on the golf cart. 22. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 21 in which said second receiver means includes a signal sealing means for sealing in said second output from said second receiver means until said first receiver means is receiving a first electromagnetic signal and said second receiver means is not receiving said second electromagnetic signal. 23. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 22 further comprising: switching means for selectively switching said first and said second transmitters for selectively transmitting said first and said second electromagnetic signals; and an electrical power supply for energizing said first and said second transmitter means, wherein said switching means is disposed electrically between said power supply and said first and second transmitters such that said first and second transmitters are selectively energized by said power supply. 24. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 23 in which said first alarm means includes: pulse stretch means for both lengthening the pulse width of said first output from said first receiver means and generating a stretched pulse signal representative thereof; a first visual alarm, responsive to said stretched pulse signal; and a first auditory alarm means, responsive to said first output from said receiver means. 25. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 24 further comprising blocking means for blocking said first visual alarm when said second receiver means is receiving said second electromagnetic signal from said second antenna. 26. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 23 wherein said electrical power supply further includes a solar power cell. 27. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 21, further comprising an external visual warning means, responsive to said second output from said second receiver means, for generating a visual signal that is visible to golf course representatives at other locations on the golf course. 28. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 27 wherein said first and second antennas are disposed so as to be spaced 18 feet apart from each other. 29. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 28 wherein said first and second antennas are disposed below grade. 30. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 18 wherein said display means includes a prescripted message display that displays a pre-scripted message selected from among at least one available pre-scripted message, the displayed message advising a golf cart operator of the cart's location with respect to any of the at least one restricted area. 31. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 21 further comprising false signal inhibitor means for blocking output from said first and said second receiver means from being processed further when prespecified conditions are met. 32. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 31 wherein said false signal inhibitor means blocks output from said first receiver means when the outputs from said first and said second receiver means are coincident in time and wherein said false signal inhibitor means blocks output from said second receiver means when the second receiver means output is not preceded by an output from said first receiver means. 33. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 18 further comprising a first lightning protection device interconnected to said first transmitter means and said first antenna and a second lightning protection device interconnected to said second transmitter means and said second antenna, wherein said first and second lightning protection devices protect said first and second transmitter means and said first and second antennas from the effects of lightning strikes. 34. A golf cart control and monitoring apparatus, comprising: signal transmitting means for generating a plurality of signals, each signal generated being representative of a position with respect to each of at least one restricted area of a golf course; receiver means, disposed on a golf cart, for receiving said plurality of signals and for generating an output signal for each of said plurality of signals, wherein each said receiver means output signal is representative of the position of the golf cart with respect to any one of the at least one restricted area where at least one of said receiver means output signals indicates that the golf cart is located within any one of the at least one restricted area; and event log means, responsive to said receiver means output signals, for generating a historical log of how many times the golf cart has been located within any one of the at least one golf course restricted area, wherein said event log means is disposed on the golf cart. 35. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 34, wherein said event log means generates a cumulative historical log of how long the golf cart has been located in any of the at least one golf course restricted area. 36. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 35, in which said event log means includes: an event counter, responsive to said receiver means output signals, for counting each time the golf cart has entered into any of the at least one golf course restricted area; and time accumulation means, responsive to said receiver means output signals, for determining the cumulative amount of time the golf cart has been located in any of the at least one restricted area. 37. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 36, in which said event log means further includes: an event display, responsive to said event counter, that provides a visual display to a golf cart operator of the total number of entries into any of the at least one restricted area; and a time display, responsive to said time accumulation means, that provides a visual display to the golf cart operator of the cumulative time. 38. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 35, wherein said receiver means generates a first output signal to indicate that the golf cart is approaching any one of the at least one restricted area of a golf course and generates a second output signal to indicate that the golf cart has entered any one of the at least one restricted area, and wherein said event log means begins to accumulate data upon receipt of said second output signal. 39. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 38, wherein said event log means terminates data accumulation upon loss of said second output signal and upon receipt of said first output signal. 40. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 38, wherein said signal transmitting means includes first and second antennas spaced from each other, said first and second antennas each being disposed about the at least one restricted area of a golf course, where said first antenna is disposed outside of said second antenna; wherein said signal transmitting means transmits a first electromagnetic signal from said first antenna and a second electromagnetic signal from said second antenna, where said first and said second electromagnetic signals are each representative of a position with respect to each of the at least one restricted area of a golf course; and wherein said receiver means outputs said first output signal in response to said first electromagnetic signal and outputs said second output signal in response to said second electromagnetic signal. 41. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 40, wherein said receiver means includes a signal sealing means for sealing in said receiver means second output signal until said receiver means is receiving said first electromagnetic signal and not receiving said second electromagnetic signal. 42. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 40, wherein said receiver means includes a first receiver for receiving said first electromagnetic signal and a second receiver for receiving said second electromagnetic signal. 43. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 40, wherein said signal transmitting means further includes a first transmitter for generating said first electromagnetic signal, and a second transmitter for generating said second electromagnetic signal. 44. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 43, wherein said signal transmitting means further includes: an electrical power supply; and switching means for repetitively selectively interconnecting said power supply to said first and second transmitters so said first and said second electromagnetic signals are repetitively selectively transmitted. 45. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 40, wherein said first and said second antennas are disposed below grade. 46. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 34, in which said apparatus further includes an external visual warning means, disposed on the golf cart, for, generating a visual signal, visible to golf course representatives at other locations on the golf course, to indicate the position of the golf cart with respect to any one of the at least one restricted area, wherein said external visual warning means is activated responsive to the at least one of said receiver means output signals indicating that the golf cart is located within any one of the at least one restricted area of the golf course. 47. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 34, in which said apparatus further includes a display means, disposed on the golf cart, for displaying a prescripted message selected from among at least one available prescripted message, the displayed message advising a golf cart operator of the cart's location with respect to any one of the at least one restricted area, wherein said display means further includes message determining means, responsive to said receiver means output signals, for determining the pre-scripted message to be displayed. 48. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 34, in which said apparatus further includes a solar electrical power supply means for providing electrical power from ambient light to energize said signal transmitting means, wherein said solar electrical power supply means includes a solar power cell to generate electrical power from the ambient light incident upon said solar power cell. 49. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 48, wherein said solar electrical power supply means further includes a power control means for regulating and controlling the electrical power from said solar electrical power supply means to said signal transmitting means. 50. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 49, wherein said solar electrical power supply means further includes a battery and wherein said power control means regulates and controls the electrical power being supplied by said battery and said solar cell and wherein said power control means also controls charging of said battery by said solar cell. 51. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 49, wherein said solar electrical power supply means further includes means for determining when to electrically interconnect said signal transmitting means to said electrical power supply means and switch means, responsive to said determining means, for switchably interconnecting said solar electrical power supply means and said signal transmitting means, wherein an interconnection is made at times when golf is to be played during a day. 52. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 51, wherein said determining means further includes a light detection means for detecting ambient light and wherein said switch means interconnects said power supply means and said signal transmitting means when the ambient light detected exceeds a prespecified value. 53. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 51, wherein said solar electrical power supply means further includes a power disable switch for disconnecting said signal transmitting means from said solar electrical power supply means. 54. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 48, wherein said signal transmitting means includes: first and second antennas spaced from each other, said first and second antennas each being disposed about at least one restricted area of the golf course, where said first antenna is disposed outside of said second antenna; a first transmitter for generating a first electromagnetic signal where the first electromagnetic signal is transmitted from said first antenna; and a second transmitter for generating a second electromagnetic signal, where the second electromagnetic signal is transmitted from said second antenna. 55. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 54, wherein said signal transmitting means further includes switch means for selectively and repetitively electrically interconnecting said solar electrical power supply means to said first and said second transmitters so said first and said second electromagnetic signals are selectively and repetitively transmitted. 56. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 54, wherein said first and said second antennas are disposed below grade. 57. A golf cart control and monitoring apparatus, comprising: first and second antennas spaced from each other, said first and second antennas each being disposed about at least one restricted area of a golf course, where said first antenna is disposed outside of said second antenna; a first transmitter means for transmitting a first electromagnetic signal from said first antenna; a second transmitter means for transmitting a second electromagnetic signal from said second antenna; a first receiver means for both receiving said first electromagnetic signal and providing a first output signal representative thereof; a second receiver means for both receiving said second electromagnetic signal and providing a second output signal representative thereof, where said second output signal indicates hat a golf cart has entered any one of the at least one restricted area; and an external visual warning means for generating a visual signal that is visible to golf course representatives at other locations on the golf course, wherein the visual signal is generated by said external visual warning means responsive to said second output signal. 58. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 57, wherein said first output signal indicates that the golf cart is approaching any one of the at least one restricted area. 59. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 58, wherein the visual signal is terminated when said first receiver means is generating said first output signal and said second receiver means is not generating said second output signal. 60. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 57, wherein said external visual warning means includes a plurality of lights. 61. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 60, wherein said external visual warning means further includes a sequencer that controls the lighting of said plurality of lights. 62. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 61, wherein said external visual warning means further includes a plurality of switches, controlled by said sequencer, for switchably and selectively energizing each of said plurality of lights so that said lights are sequentially and repetitively lit. 63. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 57, wherein said first and second receiver means and said external visual warning means are contained in a single housing. 64. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 57, wherein said first and said second antennas are disposed below grade. 65. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 57, in which said apparatus further includes an event log means, disposed on the golf cart and being responsive to said first and second output signals, for generating a historical log of how many times and for how long the golf cart has been located within any of the at least one restricted area of a golf course, wherein said event log means includes: (i) means, responsive to said first and second output signals, for counting each time the golf cart has entered into any of the at least one restricted area and for providing a visual display to a golf cart operator of the total number of entries into any of the at least one restricted area; and (ii) means, responsive to said first and second output signals, for determining the cumulative amount of time the golf cart has been located in any of the at least one restricted area and for providing a visual display to the golf cart operator of the cumulative time. 66. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 65, wherein said first output signal indicates that the golf cart is approaching any one of the at least one restricted area of the golf course and wherein said event log means begins to accumulate data upon receipt of said second output signal; and wherein said event log means terminates data accumulation when said second output signal is not being outputted and when said first output signal is being outputted. 67. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 57, in which said apparatus further includes a display means, disposed on the golf cart, for displaying a prescripted message selected from among at least one available prescripted message, the displayed message advising a golf cart operator of the cart's location with respect to any one of the at least one restricted area, wherein said display means includes message determining means, responsive to said first and second output signals, for determining the prescripted message to be displayed. 68. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 57, in which said apparatus further includes a solar electrical power supply means for providing electrical power from ambient light to energize said signal transmitting means, wherein said solar electrical power supply means further includes a solar power cell to generate electrical power from the ambient light incident upon said solar power cell. 69. A golf cart control and monitoring apparatus, comprising: first and second antennas spaced from each other, said first and second antennas each being disposed about at least one restricted area of a golf course, where said first antenna is disposed outside of said second antenna; a first transmitter means for transmitting a first electromagnetic signal from said first antenna; a second transmitter means for transmitting a second electromagnetic signal from said second antenna; a first receiver means for both receiving said first electromagnetic signal and providing a first output signal representative thereof; a second receiver means for both receiving said second electromagnetic signal and providing a second output signal representative thereof, where said second output signal indicates that a golf cart has entered any one of the at least one restricted area; and display means, disposed on the golf cart, for displaying a pre-scripted message selected from among at least one available pre-scripted message, the displayed message advising a golf cart operator of the cart's location with respect to any one of the at least one restricted area, wherein said display means includes message determining means, responsive to said first and second output signals, for determining the prescripted message to be displayed. 70. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 69, wherein said first output signal indicates that the golf cart is approaching any one of the at least one restricted area and wherein said display means displays a first pre-scripted message responsive to said first output signal and displays a second pre-scripted message responsive to said second output signal. 71. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 70, wherein said display means further includes a liquid crystal display, said liquid crystal display being responsive to said message determining means so the selected pre-scripted message is displayed. 72. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 71, wherein said first pre-scripted message indicates that the golf cart is approaching any one of the at least one restricted area and wherein said second pre-scripted message indicates that the golf cart is in any one of the at least one restricted area. 73. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 72, wherein said first and second pre-scripted messages include a course of action for the golf cart operator. 74. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 71, wherein said display means further includes means, responsive to said first and second output signals, for generating auditory alarms. 75. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 69, wherein said first and said second antennas are disposed below grade. 76. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 66, in which said apparatus further includes an event log means, disposed on the golf cart and being responsive to said first and second output signals, for generating a historical log of how many times and for how long the golf cart has been located within any of the at least one golf course restricted area, wherein said event log means further includes: an event counter, responsive to said second output signal, for counting each time the golf cart has entered into any of the at least one restricted area; and time accumulation means, responsive to said second output signal, for determining the cumulative amount of time the golf cart has been located in any of the at least one restricted area; and wherein said display means further includes means, responsive to said event counter and said time accumulation means, for providing a visual display of the total number of entries into any of the at least one restricted area and a visual display of the cumulative time. 77. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 76, wherein said first output signal indicates that the golf cart is approaching any one of the at least one restricted area and wherein said event log means begins to accumulate data upon receipt of said second output signal and terminates data accumulation upon loss of said second output signal and upon receipt of said first output signal. 78. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 69, in which said apparatus further includes a solar electrical power supply means for providing electrical power from ambient light to energize each said first and second transmitter means, wherein said solar electrical power supply means includes a solar power cell to generate electrical power from the ambient light incident upon said solar power cell. 79. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 69, in which said apparatus further includes an external visual warning means, disposed on the golf cart, for generating a visual signal, visible to golf course representatives at other locations on the golf course, to indicate the position of a golf cart with respect to any one of the at least one restricted area, wherein the visual signal is generated by said external visual warning means responsive to said second output signal. 