An arrangement with a barrier device pivoting between a position preventing the access to a reserved area and an access clearing position, comprising two bow-shaped pivot arms, a drive device for pivoting the barrier device and means for actuating this drive device, wherein the drive device comprises a lever with two arms of different lengths which is mounted for swinging about a pivot device, the short arm being connected to the barrier device for pivoting same when the lever is pivoting about said pivot device whereas the actuating device acts upon the end of the long arm, the invention being applicable to barrier arrangements for car parking places.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A barrier arrangement, comprising a barrier having at least one arm, means for mounting said barrier for rotation about a pivot axis between a raised position and a lowered position, drive means for pivoting said barrier about said barrier pivot axis, said drive means comprising an elongate lever, actuating means for actuating said drive means, and pivot means coupled to said lever for supporting said lever for pivoting about a pivot axis extending substantially parallel to said barrier pivot axis, a first lever arm being defined between said lever pivot axis and a first end of said lever and a second lever arm being defined between said pivot axis and a second end of said lever opposed to said first end, said first lever arm being smaller than said second lever arm, said drive means further comprising means for imparting a force to said second lever arm for causing said lever to pivot about said lever pivot axis, said first lever arm being in operative engagement with said barrier such that upon pivoting of said lever about said lever pivot axis, said barrier pivots about said barrier pivot axis. 2. In a barrier arrangement including a barrier device having at least one arm adapted to pivot between a raised position preventing access to an area and an access clearing position, such as a vehicle parking area, the barrier device being mounted pivotally about a pivot axis supported in a stationary structure, a drive device coupled to the barrier device for causing the barrier device to pivot about said barrier pivot axis, and means coupled to said drive device for actuating said drive device, the means for actuating the drive device being arranged in the stationary structure, wherein the improvement comprises: a pivot device for supporting a two-arm lever for pivoting about a pivot axis extending substantially parallel to said barrier pivot axis, said drive device comprising an elongate two-arm lever supported in the stationary structure by said pivot device such that said lever pivots about said pivot axis of said pivot device, said lever being coupled to said pivot device to define a first lever arm between said lever pivot axis and a first end of said lever and a second lever arm between said pivot axis and a second end of said lever opposed to said first end, said first lever arm being smaller than said second lever arm, said first lever arm being coupled to the barrier device for causing the barrier device to pivot about the barrier pivot axis when said lever pivots about said lever pivot axis, said drive device further comprising means for imparting a force to said second lever arm for causing said lever to pivot about said lever pivot axis. 3. A barrier arrangement according to claim 2, wherein the means for actuating the drive device comprise an electric motor provided with a rotary shaft, the angular motion of said rotary shaft causing said lever to pivot. 4. A barrier arrangement according to claim 3, further comprising a roller coupled to said rotary shaft, said roller bearing upon an upper surface of said lever. 5. A barrier arrangement according to claim 2, wherein the drive device further comprises means for imparting axial motion to said lever in a longitudinal direction of said lever relative to said barrier pivot axis in conjunction with the pivoting of said lever about said lever pivot axis such that the pivoting of the barrier device toward the raised access preventing position is produced by the pivoting motion of said lever and by the axial motion of said lever. 6. A barrier arrangement according to claim 5, wherein said axial motion imparting means comprise a ramp-like surface arranged in the stationary structure and inclined with respect to a plane extending substantially perpendicular to said lever, said second lever end bearing upon said ramp surface such that upon movement of said second lever end against said ramp surface, said lever is displaced in the longitudinal axial direction relative to said barrier pivot axis. 7. A barrier arrangement according to claim 6, wherein said ramp surface comprises means for locking the barrier device in the access preventing position, said means comprising a sloping zone arranged in one portion of said ramp surface with which said lever engages when in the access preventing position, said sloping zone being inclined opposite to the inclination of a portion of said ramp surface other than said sloping zone. 8. A barrier arrangement according to claim 5, further comprising a shaft to which the arm of the barrier device is connected and through which said barrier pivot axis extends, said shaft comprising a cam-like member, said first lever arm being in operative engagement with said cam-like member, and a support surface arranged in the stationary structure for supporting said pivot device, said support surface extending substantially in an axial direction of said lever, said pivot device comprising bearing means arranged on said support surface and displaceable on said support surface in a direction parallel to the axial direction of said lever. 9. A barrier arrangement according to claim 8, wherein said bearing means comprise at least one roller having an axis extending substantially perpendicular to the longitudinal axial direction of the lever, said at least one roller being in rolling contact with said support surface. 10. A barrier arrangement according to claim 8, further comprising a member adjustably connected to said lever in proximity to said first lever end, said cam-like member engaging with a shoulder of said member closest to said first lever end such that axial movement of said lever and said member connected thereto imparts rotational movement of said cam-like member of said shaft and thus the arm of the barrier device connected to said shaft. 11. A barrier arrangement according to claim 8, wherein the pivot device comprises at least one roller rotating about an axis extending perpendicular to the longitudinal direction of said lever, said roller being in rolling contact with said support surface. 12. A barrier arrangement according to claim 11, wherein said lever comprises a longitudinal recess formed therein, said pivot device further comprising a shaft connected to said at least one roller of said pivot device, said shaft being movable in said recess in the axial direction of said lever. 13. A barrier arrangement according to claim 2, wherein the means for actuating the drive device comprise an electromagnet provided with a displaceable solenoid bearing against said lever, the displacement of said solenoid causing said lever to pivot. 14. A barrier arrangement according to claim 2, further comprising an adjustable counterweight arranged on said second lever arm, the axial position of said counterweight on said lever is adjustable to provide a composition effect to the weight of the barrier device. 15. A barrier arrangement according to claim 2, wherein the means for actuating the drive device comprise means for stopping the pivoting motion when the barrier device encounters an obstacle. 16. A barrier device according to claim 2, further comprising a remote-control device coupled to the means for actuating the drive device for initiating actuation of the same. 17. A barrier device according to claim 2, further comprising a device for feeding the means for actuating the drive device with electrical energy, said feeding device comprising a rechargeable storage battery and solar energy pick-up cells coupled thereto, said pick-up cells constituting a source of electrical energy for feeding electrical circuits of the means for actuating the drive device and for recharging said storage battery. 18. A barrier arrangement according to claim 17, further comprising a remote-control device coupled to the means for actuating the drive device for initiating actuation of the same, wherein said pick-up cells feed said remote-control device with energy. 19. A barrier arrangement according to claim 2, wherein said stationary structure comprises a housing in which the means for actuating the drive device and said pivot device are arranged, said housing being defined by a cover member and a bottom plate. 20. The arrangement of claim 2, wherein the barrier device has two bow-shaped arms. 