Methods and apparatus are provided for a single heavy-lift launch to place a complete, operational space station on-orbit. A payload including the space station takes the place of a Shuttle Orbiter using the launch vehicle of the Shuttle Orbiter. The payload includes a forward shroud, a core module, a propulsion module, and a transition module between the core module and the propulsion module. The essential subsystems are pre-integrated and verified on Earth. The core module provides means for attaching international modules with minimum impact to the overall design. The space station includes six control moment gyros for selectably operating in either LVLH (local-vertical local-horizontal) or SI (solar inertial) flight modes.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A space station and launch vehicle combination, comprising: a substantially elongate external tank with at least one rocket engine laterally disposed with respect to said external tank; and a payload laterally disposed with respect to said external tank, said payload further including: a first space station core module including an unpressurized forward volume, an unpressurized aft volume, and a pressurized middle volume, a propulsion module removably disposed adjacent said unpressurized aft volume, a transition section removably disposed between said pressurized middle volume and said propulsion module, said transition section having an outer covering forming an aerodynamic fairing in surrounding relationship to said unpressurized aft volume, and a removably disposed forward shroud in surrounding relationship to said unpressurized forward volume, said forward shroud forming an aerodynamic fairing. 2. The combination of claim 1, wherein: said first space station core module includes a substantially cylindrical outer frame, said propulsion module includes a substantially non-cylindrical outer frame, and said transition section includes a thrust structure means disposed within said outer covering operational for transferring a launch load developed by said propulsion module from said substantially non-cylindrical outer frame of said propulsion module, to said substantially cylindrical outer frame of said first space station core module. 3. The combination of claim 1, wherein said pressurized middle volume further comprises: a plurality of curved radiator panels disposed about a circumference of said pressurized middle volume. 4. The combination of claim 1, wherein said payload further comprises: two extendable trusses which when extended are cantilevered from said first space station core module; and a solar array on each end of said two extendable trusses, said two extendable trusses being adaptable for adding additional solar arrays on respective ends of said two extendable trusses. 5. The combination of claim 1, wherein said payload further comprises: means for attaching a second space station core module to said first space station core module. 6. A space station payload for a launch vehicle, said space station payload being capable of being launched into space and comprising: a space station core module including an unpressurized forward volume, an unpressurized aft volume, and a pressurized middle volume, said pressurized middle volume having a substantially cylindrical outer frame; a propulsion module removably disposed adjacent said unpressurized aft volume, said propulsion module having a substantially non-cylindrical outer frame; a transition section removably disposed between said pressurized middle volume and said propulsion module, said transition section having an outer covering forming an aerodynamic fairing in surrounding relationship to said unpressurized aft volume, said transition section having a thrust structure means operational for transferring a launch load developed by said propulsion module from said substantially non-cylindrical outer frame of said propulsion module to said substantially cylindrical outer frame of said space station core module; and a removably disposed forward shroud in surrounding relationship to said unpressurized forward volume, said forward shroud forming an aerodynamic fairing. 7. The space station payload of claim 6, wherein said pressurized middle volume further comprises: a substantially centrally disposed tunnel within said pressurized middle volume, a plurality of bulkheads extending radially outwardly from said centrally disposed tunnel, said plurality of bulkheads defining a plurality of separate compartments within said pressurized middle volume; and a plurality of tunnel hatches to said centrally disposed tunnel from respective ones of said plurality of separate compartments. 8. The space station payload of claim 6, further comprising: a plurality of bulkhead hatches disposed within respective ones of said plurality of bulkheads for sealably interconnecting said plurality of separate compartments. 9. The space station payload of claim 6, wherein said space station core module further comprises: integrated systems including means for stabilizing said space station core in either a local-vertical local-horizontal attitude or a solar inertial attitude. 10. The space station payload of claim 6, wherein said space station core module further comprises: a primary docking tunnel for a shuttle orbiter and at least one berthing tunnel suitable for connection to at least one additional space module. 11. The space station payload of claim 6, wherein said space station core module further comprises: a pair of compressed trusses; means for deploying said pair of compressed trusses in an outwardly extending cantilevered position with respect to said space station core module, and a plurality of solar array boxes each containing deployable solar array elements. 12. The space station payload of claim 11, wherein said pair of compressed trusses further comprise, foldable longerons longitudinally disposed with respect to said truss when said truss is in its outwardly extending cantilevered position, and telescoping diagonals diagonally disposed with respect to said truss when said truss is in its outwardly extending cantilevered position. 13. The space station payload of claim 11, wherein said pair of compressed trusses is disposed in said forward unpressurized volume. 14. A method for heavy-lifting a space station comprising: selecting a shuttle derived launch vehicle for a heavy lift vehicle, said shuttle derived launch vehicle having a central fuel tank and at least one booster rocket laterally disposed to said central fuel tank; providing a space station core module with an unpressurized forward volume, an unpressurized aft volume, and a pressurized middle volume; providing an ejectable aerodynamic fairing as a forward shroud for said unpressurized forward volume; providing an ejectable propulsion module to develop a lifting force for said space station core module and shuttle derived launch vehicle in addition to said at least one booster rocket; providing an ejectable transition module between said propulsion module and said space station; and lifting said space station core module by firing rockets on said ejectable propulsion module and said at least one booster rocket in a substantially simultaneous manner. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising: mounting said space station core module laterally with respect to said central fuel tank. 16. The method of claim 14, further comprising: forming an aerodynamic fairing to cover said ejectable transition module. 17. The method of claim 14, further comprising: providing a thrust structure within said ejectable transition section to transfer said lifting force from a non-cylindrical outer contour of said ejectable propulsion module to a cylindrical outer contour of said space station core module. 18. The method of claim 14, further comprising: providing a central tunnel through said pressurized middle volume to interconnect compartments within said pressurized middle volume; and providing hatches between said compartments within said pressurized middle volume to allow movement between said compartments without using said central tunnel. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising: forming said compartments within said pressurized middle volume using pressurized bulkheads, said hatches being disposed in said bulkheads to seal said compartments with respect to each other. 20. The method of claim 14, further comprising: providing berthing tunnels interconnecting said pressurized middle volume for attaching international modules to said pressurized middle volume. 