The SMA-CDS engine uses shape-memory-alloy (SMA) means which include at least one stack of conical-disc-springs (CDSs) mounted on a perforated tube. Each CDS has a zero axis, a martensite mode, and an austenite mode. A support structure mounts the CDSs on a tube so as to allow each CDS to reciprocate along the tube's outer wall and to deflect within a predetermined deflection range. A drive shaft is attached through a coupler to the stack of CDSS. Heating and cooling means cyclically heat and cool the stack of CDSs thereby causing each CDS thereof to cyclically transform in response to the heating from its said martensite mode into its said austenite mode, and in response to the cooling to return to its said martensite mode, and during each such transformation cycle each CDS deflects within the predetermined deflection range and generates martensite deflection forces and austenite extension forces of different magnitudes which result in a resultant force that causes the drive shaft to reciprocate.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A SMA-CDS engine, comprising: shape-memory-alloy (SMA) means including a first stack of primary conical-disc-springs (CDSs), each primary CDS having a zero axis, a martensite mode, and an austenite mode; a first housing; a first tube mounted in said housing; first mounting means for supporting said first stack of primary CDSs on said first tube so as to allow each primary CDS to reciprocate along an outer wall of said first tube and to deflect within a first predetermined deflection range; a first drive shaft; first coupling means for coupling said first drive shaft to said first stack of primary CDSs; a first heating and cooling means for cyclically heating and cooling said first stack of primary CDSs, thereby causing each primary CDS to undergo a corresponding transformation cycle during each heating and cooling cycle, so that in response to said heating each primary CDS transforms from its said martensite mode into its said austenite mode, and in response to said cooling each primary CDS returns to its said martensite mode; and during each transformation cycle, each primary CDS deflects within said first deflection range and generates first martensite deflection forces and first austenite extension forces of different magnitudes, which result in a first resultant force causing said first drive shaft to reciprocate. 2. A SMA-CDS engine according to claim 1, wherein said first mounting means allow each reciprocating primary CDS to deflect beyond its said zero axis within said first deflection range; said first heating and cooling means include pumping means for cyclically pumping hot and cold fluids into said first stack of primary CDSs; and driving means coupled to said first reciprocating drive shaft for driving said pumping means. 3. A SMA-CDS engine according to claim 1, wherein said SMA means include a second stack of secondary conical-disc-springs (CDSs), each secondary CDS having a zero axis, a martensite mode, and an austenite mode; a second tube; a second mounting means for supporting said second stack of secondary CDSs on said second tube so as to allow each secondary CDS to reciprocate along an outer wall of said second tube and to deflect beyond its said zero axis within a second predetermined deflection range; a second drive shaft; second coupling means for coupling said second shaft to said second stack of secondary CDSs; a second heating and cooling means for cyclically heating and cooling said second stack of secondary CDSs, thereby causing each secondary CDS to undergo a corresponding transformation cycle during each heating and cooling cycle, so that in response to said heating each secondary CDS transforms from its said martensite mode into its said austenite mode, and in response to said cooling each secondary CDS returns to its said martensite mode, and during each transformation cycle, each secondary CDS deflects within said second deflection range and generates second martensite deflection forces and second austenite extension forces of different magnitudes, which result in a second resultant force causing said second drive shaft to reciprocate; third coupling means for coupling said first drive shaft to said second drive shaft so as to cause said second drive shaft to reciprocate in an opposite phase relative to the phase of said reciprocating first drive shaft; a rotatable member; and motion converting means for converting said reciprocating motions of said first and of said second drive shafts into rotational motion of said rotatable member. 4. A SMA-CDS engine according to claim 1, wherein said primary CDSs are grouped in pairs back-to-back; and said secondary CDSs are grouped in pairs back-to-back. 5. A SMA-CDS engine, comprising: a housing; shape-memory-alloy (SMA) means including a first stack of primary conical-disc-springs (CDSs), each primary CDS having a zero axis, a martensite mode, an austenite mode, and an austenite transformation temperature range from about -65.degree. C. to 0.degree. C. and from about 100.degree. C. to 260.degree. C.; a first tube mounted in said housing; first mounting means for supporting said first stack of primary CDSs on said first tube so as to allow each primary CDS to reciprocate along an outer wall of said first tube and to deflect beyond its said zero axis within a first predetermined deflection range; a first drive shaft; first coupling means for coupling said first drive shaft to said first stack of primary CDSs; a first heating and cooling means for cyclically heating and cooling said first stack of primary CDSs thereby causing said first stack of primary CDSs to undergo a corresponding transformation cycle so that, in response to said heating each primary CDS transforms from its said martensite mode into its said austenite mode, and in response to said cooling each primary CDS returns to its said martensite mode, and during each transformation cycle, each primary CDS deflects within said first deflection range and generates first martensite deflection forces and first austenite extension forces of different magnitudes, which result in a first resultant force causing said first drive shaft to reciprocate; a second stack of secondary conical-disc-springs (CDSs), each secondary CDS having a zero axis, a martensite mode, and an austenite mode; a second tube; second mounting means for supporting said second stack of secondary CDSs on said second tube so as to allow each secondary CDS to reciprocate along an outer wall of said second tube and to deflect beyond its said zero axis within a second predetermined deflection range; a second drive shaft; second coupling means for coupling said second shaft to said second stack of secondary CDSs; a second heating and cooling means for cyclically heating and cooling said second stack of secondary CDSs thereby causing said second stack to undergo a corresponding transformation cycle so that, in response to said heating, each secondary CDS transforms from its said martensite mode into its said austenite mode, and in response to said cooling each secondary CDS returns to its said martensite mode, and during each transformation cycle, each secondary CDS deflects within said second deflection range and generates second martensite deflection forces and second austenite extension forces of different magnitudes, which result in a second resultant force causing said second drive shaft to reciprocate; third coupling means for coupling said first drive shaft to said second drive shaft so as to cause said second drive shaft to reciprocate in an opposite phase relative to the phase of said reciprocating first drive shaft, while one of said stacks of CDSs becomes austentic and the other of said stacks of CDSs becomes martensitic; a rotatable member; and motion converting means for converting said reciprocating motions of said first and of said second drive shafts into rotational motion of said rotatable member which results in an output torque for said engine. 6. A SMA-CDS engine, comprising: a main housing; shape-memory-alloy (SMA) means including a first stack of primary conical-disc-springs (CDSs), each primary CDS having a zero axis, a martensite mode, and an austenite mode; a first perforated tube mounted in said main housing for supporting said first stack of CDSs; fluid supply means for supplying fluids to said first stack of primary CDSs; inner and outer spacers for separating each consecutive pair of said primary CDSs on said first tube and for allowing each primary CDS to reciprocate along an outer wall of said first tube and to deflect beyond its said zero axis, said each inner spacer and said each outer spacer having holes, and said holes, when in alignment with said perforations of said first tube, allowing said fluids to flow from said first tube through its said perforations and through said holes; a first drive shaft in said main housing; first coupling means for coupling said first drive shaft to said first stack of primary CDSs; a first heating and cooling means for cyclically heating and cooling said first stack of primary CDSs thereby causing said first stack to undergo a corresponding transformation cycle so that, in response to said heating each primary CDS transforms from said first martensite mode into said first austenite mode, and, in response to said cooling each primary CDS returns to said first martensite mode, and during said each transformation cycle, each primary CDS deflects within said first deflection range and generates first martensite deflection forces and first austenite extension forces of different magnitudes, which result in a first resultant force causing said first drive shaft to reciprocate at a linear stroke that is a function of the product D.times.N, where D is said deflection of each primary CDS, and N is the number of said primary CDSs in said first stack; and motion converting means including a crankshaft for converting said reciprocating motion of said first drive shaft into rotational motion of said crankshaft, and said rotational motion having a velocity which is a function of the duration of said transformation cycle of each primary CDS. 7. A SMA-CDS engine according to claim 6, wherein said heating and cooling means include said fluid supply means, and said fluid supply means include pumping means for cyclically pumping pressurized hot and cold fluids into said first tube, and said hot and cold fluids flow out from said first tube through its said perforations and through said holes to spray the surfaces of each primary CDS. 8. A SMA-CDS engine according to claim 7, wherein said pumping means pump said hot and cold fluids into said first stack of primary CDSs without interrupting their said reciprocating motions. 9. A SMA-CDS engine according to claim 8, wherein each primary CDS is made of a first metal alloy; said SMA means further include a second housing; a second stack of secondary conical-disc-springs (CDSs) mounted within said second housing, and said secondary CDSs are made of a second metal alloy that is different from said first metal alloy; a second drive shaft in said second housing operatively coupled to said second stack of secondary CDSs for reciprocating therewith; and said second drive shaft reciprocating in opposite phase to the phase of said reciprocating first drive shaft thereby deflecting each primary CDS at its said martensite mode. 10. A SMA-CDS engine according to claim 8, and a second housing; a second stack of secondary conical-disc-springs (CDSs) within said second housing, each secondary CDS has a zero axis, a martensite mode, and an austenite mode; a second perforated tube in said second housing; second mounting means for supporting said second stack of secondary CDSs on said second tube so as to allow each secondary CDS to reciprocate along an outer wall of said second tube and to deflect within a second predetermined deflection range; a second drive shaft in said second housing operatively coupled to said second stack of secondary CDSs; a second heating and cooling means for cyclically heating and cooling said second stack of secondary CDSs thereby causing said second stack of secondary CDSs to undergo a corresponding transformation cycle so that, in response to said heating, each secondary CDS transforms from said second martensite mode into said second austenite mode, and, in response to said cooling, each secondary CDS returns to said second martensite mode, and during each transformation cycle, each secondary CDS deflects within said second deflection range and generates second martensite deflection forces and second austenite extension forces of different magnitudes, which result in a second resultant force causing said second drive shaft to reciprocate; and third coupling means for coupling said first drive shaft to said second drive shaft so as to cause said second drive shaft to reciprocate in an opposite phase relative to the phase of said reciprocating first drive shaft. 11. A SMA-CDS engine according to claim 10, wherein said primary CDSs are grouped in pairs back-to-back; and said secondary CDSs are grouped in pairs back-to-back. 12. A SMA-CDS engine according to claim 11, and a heat conductive washer sandwiched between each pair of back-to-back primary CDSs; and a heat conductive washer sandwiched between each pair of back-to-back secondary CDSs. 13. A SMA-CDS engine according to claim 7, and a solar-heated energy system operatively coupled to said fluid supply means for heating said cold fluids. 14. A SMA-CDS engine according to claim 7, wherein said pumping means include at least a pair of double-acting pumps; a flywheel coupled to said pumps; a yoke coupled to said flywheel; and driving means for driving said pumps, said yoke, and said flywheel so as to simultaneously pump said hot and cold fluids to said first stack of said primary CDSs and to said second stack of said secondary CDSs. 15. A SMA-CDS engine according to claim 6, wherein said heating and cooling means include said fluid supply means, and at least a pair of single-acting valves for cyclically controlling the flow of said fluids from said fluid supply means to said first tube. 16. A SMA-CDS engine according to claim 15, wherein each primary CDS has an austenite transformation temperature range from about 100.degree. C. to 260.degree. C.; and said hot and cold fluids include gases for transferring heat to and from said first stack of primary CDSs. 17. A SMA-CDS engine according to claim 16, and a flywheel coupled to said fluid supply means; a yoke secured to said flywheel, said yoke linking said valves; and each valve is driven by said flywheel so as to control said flow of said gases. 18. A SMA-CDS engine according to claim 15, wherein each primary CDS has an austenite transformation temperature range from about -65.degree. C. to 260.degree. C. 