A solar warning device and in particular to one including: a solar chip device having a mushroom-like top with an annular flange and a rectangular recess for receiving solar cells, said rectangular recess being filled with silicon for fixing the solar cells in position, said solar chip device further having two downwardly extending legs; a reflecting device having a cylindrical casing with reflecting lines at an inner surface and a neck at a top, a light mounting disposed within said cylindrical casing and having a top plate, a base plate, a light-emitting diode fixing plate, and a pillar, said fixing plate being formed with a plurality of holes for keeping light-emitting diodes in place, a printed circuit board mounted under the base plate of said light mounting, and a conducting pin mounted on a positive pole of said printed circuit board and extending downwardly through said cylindrical casing; and a fixing device having a cylinder provided at a top with external threads adapted to engage with internal threads of the cylindrical casing of said reflecting device, ribs for keep a battery in position, and a L-shaped copper conductor having a lower end designed to be in contact with a negative pole of the battery.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar warning device comprising: a solar chip device having a mushroom-like top with an annular flange and a rectangular recess for receiving solar cells, said rectangular recess being filled with silicon for fixing the solar cells in position, said solar chip device further having two downwardly extending legs; a reflecting device having a cylindrical casing with reflecting lines at an inner surface and a neck at a top, a light mounting disposed within said cylindrical casing and having a top plate, a base plate, a light-emitting diode fixing plate, and a pillar, said fixing plate being formed with a plurality of holes for keeping light-emitting diodes in place, a printed circuit board mounted under the base plate of said light mounting, and a conducting pin mounted on a positive pole of said printed circuit board and extending downwardly through said cylindrical casing; and a fixing device having a cylinder provided at a top with external threads adapted to engage with internal threads of the cylindrical casing of said reflecting device, ribs for keep a battery in position, and a L-shaped copper conductor having a lower end designed to be in contact with a negative pole of the battery. 2. The solar warning light as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a general circuit including: a charging circuit composed of a solar concentrator and a diode; a switching circuit connected to said charging circuit; a low frequency oscillating circuit connected to said switching circuit; a high frequency oscillating circuit having a coil and connected between said switching circuit and said low frequency oscillating circuit; a battery connected in parallel with said charging circuit; and a plurality of light-emitting diodes connected in parallel with a coil of said high frequency oscillating circuit. 3. The solar warning light as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a charging circuit for gloomy days including: a charging circuit composed of a solar concentrator and a diode; a low frequency oscillating circuit connected to said charging circuit; a high frequency oscillating circuit having a coil and connected with said low frequency oscillating circuit; a battery connected in parallel with said charging circuit; a voltage detecting circuit connected between said solar concentrator and said battery; and a plurality of light-emitting diodes connected in parallel with the coil of said high frequency oscillating circuit. 4. The solar warning light as claimed in claim 1, wherein said fixing device is detachably connected with said solar chip device and said reflecting device and externally connected therewith. 5. The solar warning light as claimed in claim 1, wherein said solar chip is adaptable to commonly used dry battery and can be adjusted not to carry out charging function. 6. The solar warning light as claimed in claim 1, wherein said warning light is disposed on a traffic cone. 7. The solar warning light as claimed in claim 1, wherein said light-emitting diodes is adjustable in number as. 8. The solar warning light as claimed in claim 1, wherein said charging circuit for gloomy days is adapted to a solar light. 9. The solar warning light as claimed in claim 1, wherein said light-emitting diodes are replaced with other illuminating members. 