A remote sensory unit, including any of a display, earphones and a microphone, connected to a driver by an optical link. The remote sensory unit is active, passive, or some combination of the two. Active sensory units are powered by solar cells, batteries, power transmitted through the optical link, or a combination thereof.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A remote sensory unit and driver comprising: a remote sensory unit including a visual display having a real image generator including an array of pixels on a semiconductor chip with each pixel including at least one light generating device, the array of pixels being arranged in a regular pattern of rows and columns defining a real image on a surface of the semiconductor chip, and optics mounted adjacent the semiconductor chip for producing a viewable magnified virtual image from the real image, the optics including an optical waveguide having an inlet positioned adjacent the array of pixels for receiving the real image provided thereby and an outlet spaced from the inlet and defining the viewing aperture, the optical waveguide defining an optical path therethrough from the inlet to the outlet and constructed to transmit an image from the inlet to the outlet and optical means positioned along the optical waveguide at predetermined areas in the optical path for magnifying a real image supplied at the inlet and providing a magnified virtual image at the outlet, the optical means including a diffractive optical element, a sound transducer, and input/output means for receiving optical signals and converting the optical signals to control signals operating the visual display and sound transducer; an optical cable including a plurality of fiber optics, the optical cable having a first and a second end with the first end being attached to the input/output means of the remote sensory unit; and a driver having optical inputs and optical outputs with the second end of the optical cable being attached thereto, the driver providing operating signals to the remote sensory unit by way of the optical cable when the driver is energized. 2. A remote sensory unit and driver as claimed in claim 1 wherein the driver includes an electronic transceiver. 3. A remote sensory unit and driver as claimed in claim 2 wherein the remote sensory unit further includes a microphone. 4. A remote sensory unit and driver as claimed in claim 3 wherein the remote sensory unit includes apparatus for mounting on the head of an operator. 5. A remote sensory unit and driver as claimed in claim 4 wherein the remote sensory unit includes a power supply with solar cells. 6. A remote sensory unit and driver comprising: a remote visual display having an array of pixels on a semiconductor chip with each pixel including at least one light generating device and the array of pixels being arranged in a regular pattern of rows and columns for producing a real image on a surface of the semiconductor chip, and including an optical waveguide having an inlet positioned adjacent the array of pixels for receiving a real image provided thereby and an outlet spaced from the inlet and defining the viewing aperture, the optical waveguide defining an optical path therethrough from the inlet to the outlet and constructed to transmit an image from the inlet to the outlet, and optical means positioned along the optical waveguide at predetermined areas in the optical path for magnifying a real image supplied at the inlet and providing a magnified virtual image at the outlet, the optical means including a diffractive optical element, the visual display further including input/output means for receiving light signals and converting the light signals to the real image, the input/output means of the visual display including transducers for converting at least some light signals received from a driver into electrical signals for controlling the electronic display; an interconnect including a plurality of fiber optics having first and second ends, the first end being attached to the visual display; and a driver having input/output means with the second end of the interconnect attached thereto, the input/output means of the driver including transducers for converting electrical signals generated by the driver into light signals for controlling the electronic display, the driver providing operating signals including the generated light signals to the display by way of the interconnect when the driver is energized. 