A monitoring and/or controlling device (31) for a coupling device (6) between a boot (3) and a piece of sports apparatus (1), in particular a ski binding for a ski. The monitoring and/or controlling device (31) is provided with a visible and/or acoustic display device (28), a measuring device (26) and an energy source. The measuring device (26) cooperates with a coupling device, the release mechanism of which being adjustable to different release forces for the release of the boot or the piece of sports apparatus and/or the boot. The measuring device (26) is built to record the position of the coupling device (6) and/or the coupling elements (7', 8') of the coupling device (6) relative to one another and/or relative to the ski (2) or to the boot (3).
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An adjustable coupling device for coupling a boot having a toe and a heel to a sports apparatus, which comprises (a) a toe clamp, (b) a heel clamp, (c) guiding elements connected to the sports apparatus and defining a guideway for the toe and heel clamps for displacement of the clamps in a longitudinal direction, (d) a longitudinally adjustable band-shaped connecting element connecting the toe and heel clamps to each other for common displacement along the guideway, (e) an adjusting device for lengthwise adjustment of the connecting element to maintain the toe and heel clamps at an adjusted distance from each other, (f) a fixing device including (1) a stopping element and (2) several longitudinally spaced openings in one of the guiding elements, each of the openings defining a preset fixed position of one of the clamps upon engagement of the stopping element with a respective one of the openings, and (g) a monitoring device indicating a zero position and including (1) a display device, (2) an electric energy source, and (3) a measuring device adjacent each one of the openings and generating a signal upon engagement by the stopping element in the respective opening, the measuring device being electrically connected to the energy source and the display device whereby the signal is transmitted to the display device to display a respective one of the fixed positions and the fixed position in relation to the indicated zero position. 2. The adjustable coupling device of claim 1, wherein the measuring device comprises switches actuatable by the stopping element. 3. The adjustable coupling device of claim 1, wherein the measuring device is mounted on the sports apparatus. 4. The adjustable coupling device of claim 3, wherein the stopping element is mounted on the one clamp. 5. The adjustable coupling device of claim 3, wherein the stopping element is mounted on the connecting element. 6. The adjustable coupling device of claim 1, further comprising an intermediate plate between the sports apparatus and the coupling device, the monitoring device being mounted on the intermediate plate. 7. The adjustable coupling device of claim 6, wherein the intermediate plate defines a receiving chamber housing the energy source. 8. The adjustable coupling device of claim 1, further comprising a position measuring and checking device connected to the measuring device for receiving the signal. 9. The adjustable coupling device of claim 8, further comprising a release mechanism connected to at least one of the clamps and applying a pre-adjustable pre-stress force to the boot between one of the clamps which is stationary on the sports apparatus and the other clamp which is displaceable along the guideway against the pre-stress force, and a force measuring device indicating a force required to overcome the pre-stress force and to release the boot. 10. The adjustable coupling device of claim 9, wherein an output of the position measuring and checking device is connected to an input of a detection device, and the force measuring device is connected to another input of the detection device and having an output connected to the display device for indicating the release force in dependence of the distance between the clamps. 11. The adjustable coupling device of claim 10, wherein the release force, at a predetermined standard distance between the clamps and starting from a desired release force, decreases with an increase in the distance between the clamps and increases with a decrease in said distance. 12. The adjustable coupling device of claim 10, wherein respective ones of the detection and force measuring devices are mounted on a respective one of the clamps. 13. The adjustable coupling device of claim 1, further comprising an input device including a function key and at least one input key selectively connecting an output of an evaluation device to the display device. 14. The adjustable coupling device of claim 1, wherein the monitoring device comprises a further measuring device associated with the adjusting device and generating a signal in response to a lengthwise adjustment of the connecting element, the further measuring device being electrically connected to the energy source and the display device whereby the generated signal is transmitted to the display device to display the adjusted distance between the toe clamp and the heel clamp. 15. The adjustable coupling of claim 14, wherein the connecting element comprises two parts movable lengthwise relative to each other, the two parts being connectable to each other at the adjusted distance, and the further measuring device comprises a sliding contact cooperating with a resistance path for generating the signal. 16. The adjustable coupling of claim 14, wherein the connecting element comprises two parts movable lengthwise relative to each other and being flexible in a direction extending perpendicularly to a surface of the sports apparatus, the lengthwise adjusting device interconnects the two flexible connecting element parts, and the further measuring device is arranged between the two parts. 17. The adjustable coupling of claim 14, wherein the energy source comprises a solar cell arrangement on a surface of the sports apparatus. 18. The adjustable coupling of claim 14, further comprising a comparator receiving the generated signal from an output of the further measuring device for comparing the adjusted distance with a pre-set desired value, the comparator transmitting different signals to the display device, depending on whether the generated signal conforms to, or differs from, the desired value. 19. The adjustable coupling of claim 14, wherein the further measuring device comprises a series of magnets arranged successively on the sports apparatus in the longitudinal direction and an induction sensor arranged on a respective one of the clamps. 20. The adjustable coupling of claim 14, wherein the further measuring device comprises a code marking on the boot and a code marking sensor arranged on a respective one of the clamps. 21. The adjustable coupling of claim 1, further comprising a weight measuring device arranged between the sports apparatus and the boot, the weight measuring device generating a weight signal and being connected to the energy source and the display device. 22. The adjustable coupling of claim 1, further comprising a speed measuring device generating a signal indicating the speed of the sports apparatus and connected to the energy source and the display device. 23. The adjustable coupling of claim 1, further comprising a temperature measuring device generating a signal indicating the ambient temperature and connected to the energy source and the display device. 24. The adjustable coupling of claim 1, further comprising a radio transmitter/receiver connected to the monitoring device. 25. The adjustable coupling of claim 1, wherein the energy source and the devices of the monitoring device are connected by electrically conductive synthetic resin layers on the sports apparatus. 26. A pair of skis, each ski comprising an adjustable coupling device for coupling a boot having a toe and a heel to the ski, each coupling device comprising (a) a toe clamp, (b) a heel clamp, (c) guiding elements connected to the ski and defining a guideway for the toe and heel clamps for displacement of the clamps in a longitudinal direction, (d) a longitudinally adjustable band-shaped element connecting the toe and heel clamps to each other for common displacement along the guideway, (e) an adjusting device for lengthwise adjustment of the connecting element to maintain the toe and heel clamps at an adjusted distance from each other, (f) a fixing device including (1) a stopping element and (2) several longitudinally spaced openings in one of the guiding elements, each of the openings defining a preset fixed position of one of the clamps upon engagement of the stopping element with a respective one of the openings, and (g) a monitoring device indicating a zero position and including (1) a display device, (2) an electric energy source, and (3) a measuring device adjacent each one of the openings and generating a signal upon engagement by the stopping element in the respective opening, the measuring device being electrically connected to the energy source and the display device whereby the signal is transmitted to the display device to display a respective one of the fixed positions and the fixed position in relation to the indicated zero position, and further comprising (h) a signal transmitter connecting the monitoring devices of the skis. 27. An adjustable coupling device for coupling a boot having a toe and a heel to a sports apparatus, which comprises (a) a toe clamp, (b) a heel clamp, (c) guiding elements connected to the sports apparatus and defining a guideway for the toe and heel clamps for displacement of the clamps in a longitudinal direction, (d) a longitudinally adjustable band-shaped connecting element connecting the toe and heel clamps to each other for common displacement along the guideway, (e) an adjusting device for lengthwise adjustment of the connecting element to maintain the toe and heel clamps at an adjusted distance from each other, (f) a fixing device including (1) a stopping element and (2) several longitudinally spaced openings in one of the guiding elements, each of the openings defining a preset fixed position of one of the clamps upon engagement of the stopping element with a respective one of the openings, and (g) a monitoring device indicating a zero position and including (1) a display device, (2) an electric energy source, and (3) a measuring device generating signals indicating engagement by the stopping element in the respective opening and the lengthwise adjustment of the connecting element, the measuring device being electrically connected to the energy source and the display device whereby the generated signals are transmitted to the display device to display a respective one of the fixed positions and the fixed position in relation to the indicated zero position as well as the adjusted distance between the toe clamp and the heel clamp. 