A clock is formed by a front frame (11) for forming a clock body, a back frame (35) fixed with the former, a transparent dial plate (17) fixed with the front frame and having scale marks on the periphery for representing month and day, a constellation disc (15) rotatably held by the dial plate and having an annular toothed member (63) on the circumference thereof, a support member (71, 79) provided on the back surface of the dial plate for rotatably guiding and supporting the constellation disc, and a drive mechanism (75) provided on the back surface of the dial plate for driving the annular toothed member of the constellation disc while engaging with the toothed member. Also, in a clock with a constellation display having a representation part (27) for a solar time and a sidereal time, a driving device for the clock with a constellation display is disclosed in which a solar time display and a sidereal time display are driven by a single oscillation circuit (203) comprising a single oscillator (201), and frequency dividers (205, 207, 209, 211) are provided for dividing a frequency of the oscillation circuit into predetermined frequencies suitable for displaying the solar time and the sidereal time, respectively.
Claims We claim: 1. A clock having a constellation display, comprising a clock body having a front frame and a back frame fixed to the front frame, an opening in the front frame, a transparent dial plate fixed to the front frame covering said opening, a transparent constellation disc rotatably mounted in the clock body behind the dial plate so that it is viewable through the dial plate and the opening, said disc having an annular toothed member on the circumference thereof, support means in the clock body for rotatably supporting the constellation disc only at an outer peripheral surface thereof and at a plurality of discrete locations, a light source behind the constellation disc and between the front and back frames for illuminating the constellation disc from behind, means for homogeneously illuminating the constellation disc, and drive means engageable with the annular toothed member of the constellation disc for rotatably driving said disc with respect to said fixed dial plate. 2. The clock of claim 1, wherein said transparent dial plate has scale marks on the periphery thereof representing the months and days of the year. 3. The clock of claim 1, wherein the means for homogeneously illuminating the constellation disc comprises a diffusion member behind the constellation disc and between the constellation disc and the light source for substantially homogeneously diffusing the light from the light source. 4. The clock of claim 3, including a reflection means between the light source and the constellation disc for reflecting the light from the light source toward the constellation disc. 5. The clock of claim 1, wherein a solar time display and a sidereal time display are provided on the front frame adjacent the constellation disc. 6. The clock of claim 1, wherein a magnitude scale is provided on the front frame that represents the magnitudes of fixed stars displayed on the constellation disc. 7. The clock of claim 1, wherein a single fluorescent lamp is used as the light source. 8. The clock of claim 7, wherein an opening is provided in the back frame and a back cover, detachably fitted to the opening, provides a mounting surface for the fluorescent lamp. 9. The clock of claim 1, wherein the drive means for constellation disc comprises a stepping motor fixed to the back frame having an output shaft, a timing pulley connected with the output shaft of the stepping motor and driven in rotation thereby, and a timing belt driven in rotation by the timing pulley and engageable with the toothed member of the constellation disc. 10. The clock of claim 9, including a plurality of guide pulleys for guiding the timing belt in conformity with the path of rotation of the annular toothed member of the constellation disc. 11. The clock of claim 1, wherein the support means for rotatably supporting the constellation disc comprises at least one movable guide pulley and at least one stationary guide pulley engageable with the outer peripheral surface of the annular toothed member of the disc. 12. The clock of claim 11, wherein the movable guide pulley is pivotably displaceable inwardly in a radial direction relative to the disc. 13. The clock of claim 12, including a spring means for biasing the movable guide pulley inwardly in the radial direction. 14. The clock of claim 13, including a stop means for restricting the radial displacement of the movable guide pulley. 15. The clock of claim 14, including a plurality of movable guide pulleys and cooperating stop means spaced around the outer outer peripheral surface of the annular toothed member of the constellation disc. 16. The clock of claim 5, wherein the solar time display and the sidereal time display are driven by a single oscillation circuit comprising a single oscillator, and frequency dividers are provided for dividing a frequency of the oscillation circuit into predetermined frequencies suitable for displaying the solar time and the sidereal time, respectively. 17. The clock of claim 16, including means for automatically correcting a time differential between the sidereal time display and the constellation disc. 