A portable power supply that includes at least one solar panel assembly that is capable of producing an electrical output through the conversion of solar energy to electrical energy. The power supply further includes power transmission means which is typically an electrical cable that will supply the power output of the solar panel to an electrical energy consuming device such as a portable computer or a battery for use therewith. The portable power supply further includes a case having at least two opposing side panels and includes solar panel assembly attachment means permitting the mounting of a solar panel assembly. The solar panel assembly typically comprises a photovoltaic panel attached to a backing panel. Backing panels utilized in the solar panel assembly may also be foldable, thus protecting the attached photovoltaic panel within the folded sections of the backing panel.
Claims We claim: 1. A portable power supply for detachable use with a variety of electronic devices of the type having an integral external housing encasing the electronic components of the device, the portable power supply comprising: at least one solar panel assembly capable of producing an electrical power output through the conversion of solar energy to electrical energy, power transmission means for supplying the solar panel electrical output to an electronic device, the power transmission means including means to detachably connect the solar panel assembly to an electronic device thereby transmitting power, whereby, upon detachment of the connection means power transmission is ceased, the power transmission means permitting use of the solar panel assembly with a variety of electronic devices, a case comprising at least two opposing side panels, the spaced opposing side panels defining an intervening article holding area, the article holding area of the case being of sufficient size to accommodate an entire electronic device of the type having an integral external housing encasing the electronic components of the device, the article holding area further being of sufficient size to accommodate a variety of different electronic devices, and providing an area within which an electronic device may be detachably connected to the solar panel assembly by the power transmission means, the case further being completely readily separable from an electronic device held in the article holding area, the side panels including at least one solar panel attachment means for mounting of a solar panel assembly, the solar panel attachment means further being of a detachable type, readily permitting temporary detachment and reattachment of the solar panel assembly to the case. 2. The portable power supply of claim 1, wherein the solar panel assembly attachment means comprises snap connection means permitting the detachable mounting of the solar panel assembly. 3. The portable power supply of claim 1, wherein the solar panel assembly comprises at least one photovoltaic panel attached to a backing panel. 4. The portable power supply of claim 3, wherein the backing panel is sectional and may be folded to protect the attached photovoltaic panel within the folded sections of the backing panel. 5. The portable power supply of claim 1, wherein the article holding area is sufficient size to hold a portable computer. 6. The portable power supply of claim 1, additionally including means to detachably connect the opposing side panels of the case. 7. The portable power supply of claim 6, wherein the means to detachably connect the opposing side panels of the case is a zipper. 8. The portable power supply of claim 1, wherein the solar panel assembly attachment metals are disposed on the exterior surfaces of the case panels. 9. The portable power supply of claim 1, wherein the case additionally includes a handle. 10. The portable power supply of claim 1, wherein the power transmission means includes an electrical storage device. 11. A portable power supply for detachable use with a variety of electronic devices of the type having an integral external housing encasing the electronic components of the device, the portable power supply comprising: at least one solar panel assembly capable of producing an electrical power output through the conversion of solar energy to electrical energy, power transmission means for supplying the solar panel electrical output to an electronic device, the power transmission means including means to detachably connect the solar panel assembly to an electronic device thereby transmitting power, whereby, upon detachment of the connection means power transmission is ceased, the power transmission means permitting use of the solar panel assembly with a variety of electronic devices, a case comprising at least two opposing side panels, the spaced opposing side panels defining an intervening article holding area, the article holding area of the case being of sufficient size to accommodate an entire electronic device of the type having an integral external housing encasing the electronic components of the device, the article holding area further being of sufficient size to accommodate a variety of different electronic devices, and providing an area within which an electronic device may be detachably connected to the solar panel assembly by the power transmission means, the case further being completely readily separable from an electronic device held in the article holding area, the side panels including at least one solar panel attachment means for selectively detachably mounting of a solar panel assembly thereto, the solar panel assembly additionally including voltage regulation means for converting the output voltage component of the solar panel assembly electrical power output to that required by an electronic device, the voltage regulation means further including different output settings permitting the use of the power supply with devices requiring different voltage inputs. 12. The portable power supply of claim 1, wherein the solar panel assembly attachment means comprises snap connection means permitting the detachable mounting of the solar panel assembly. 13. The portable power supply of claim 1, wherein the solar panel assembly comprises at least one photovoltaic panel attached to a backing panel. 14. The portable power supply of claim 13, wherein the backing panel is sectional and may be folded to protect the attached photovoltaic panel within the folded sections of the backing panel. 15. The portable power supply of claim 1, wherein the article holding area of sufficient in size to hold a portable computer. 16. The portable power supply of claim 1, additionally including means to detachably connect the opposing side panels of the case. 17. The portable power supply of claim 16, wherein the means to detachably connect the opposing side panels of the case is a zipper. 18. The portable power supply of claim 1, wherein the solar panel assembly attachment means are disposed on the exterior surfaces of the case panels. 19. The portable power supply of claim 1, wherein the case additionally includes a handle. 20. The portable power supply of claim 1, wherein the power transmission means includes an electrical storage device. 21. A portable power supply for detachable use with a variety of electronic devices of the type having an integral external housing encasing the electronic components of the device, the portable power supply comprising: at least one solar panel assembly capable of producing an electrical power output through the conversion of solar energy to electrical energy, power transmission means for supplying the solar panel electrical output to an electronic device, the power transmission means including means to detachably connect the solar panel assembly to an electronic device thereby transmitting power, whereby, upon detachment of the connection means power transmission is ceased, the power transmission means permitting use of the solar panel assembly with a variety of electronic devices, a case comprising at least two opposing side panels, the spaced opposing side panels defining an intervening article holding area, the article holding area of the case being of sufficient size to accommodate an entire electronic device of the type having an integral external housing encasing the electronic components of the device, the article holding area further being of sufficient size to accommodate a variety of different electronic devices, and providing an area within which an electronic device may be detachably connected to the solar panel assembly by the power transmission means, the case further being completely readily separable from an electronic device held in the article holding area, the side panels including at least one solar panel attachment means for selectively detachably mounting of a solar panel assembly thereto. 