Apparatus for converting solar energy to thermal and electrical energy including a substantially unsealed enclosure, an array of photovoltaic cells for converting solar energy to electrical energy located within the enclosure, and a plurality of interconnected heat collecting tubes located within the enclosure and disposed on the same plane as the array of photovoltaic cells for converting solar energy to thermal energy in a fluid disposed within the heat collecting tubes.
Claims I claim: 1. Apparatus for converting solar energy to electrical and thermal energy comprising: a substantially unsealed enclosure having a cover, a frame including a back wall, a plurality of side walls, and a flange adapted to receive said cover, with said cover being loosely clamped within said flange; an array of photovoltaic cells for converting solar energy impinging thereon to electrical energy located within the enclosure to provide a source of electrical power; a plurality of interconnected heat collecting tubes located within the enclosure and disposed on the same plane as the array of photovoltaic cells for converting solar energy impinging thereon to thermal energy in a fluid disposed within the heat collecting tubes to provide a source of thermal energy; electrical energy transfer means for conducting electrical power from said photovoltaic cells outward of said enclosure; thermal energy transfer means for conducting thermal energy from said heat collecting tubes outward of said enclosure; whereby said enclosure provides an output of both electrical power and thermal energy in response to impinging solar energy. 2. Apparatus according to claim 1 and additionally comprising a water circulation system which includes: a hot water storage tank; at least one hot water tap; at least one room heating device including a heat exchange element; pipes to connect components of the water circulation system; pumps to circulate water between components of the water circulation system; an outlet from the hot water storage tank which receives water from the interconnected heat collecting tubes of the solar collector; an inlet to the hot water storage tank which receives water from the interconnected heat collecting tubes; an inlet to the hot water storage tank which receives water from the main water supply; a thermostatically operated electrical relay valve for controlling water circulation between the hot water storage tank and the interconnected heat collecting tubes; an outlet from the hot water storage tank from which at least one hot water tap receives water; an outlet from the hot water storage tank from which a heat exchange element of the at least one room heating device receives water; and an inlet to the hot water storage tank which receives water returned from the room heating devices. 3. Apparatus according to claim 2 wherein the hot water storage tank is formed from an insulating material. 4. Apparatus according to claim 2 wherein the room heating device is a baseboard radiant heater. 5. Apparatus according to claim 2 wherein the pipes which connect the components of the water circulation system are fabricated from a rust resistant material. 6. Apparatus according to claim 2 wherein the pumps to circulate water between the components of the water circulation system are powered by an electric motor. 7. Apparatus according to claim 6 wherein an electric motor for the pumps of the water circulation system is powered by said circuit means of the electrical system for providing DC electrical power to the electrical devices. 8. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the interconnected heat collecting tubes are fabricated from a material capable of absorbing solar energy impinging on the surface of the interconnected heat collecting tubes, transforming it to thermal energy and transferring the thermal energy to the water disposed within the interconnected heat collecting tubes. 9. Apparatus for converting solar energy to electrical and thermal energy comprising: a substantially unscaled enclosure including a loosely clamped cover; an array of photovoltaic cells for converting solar energy impinging thereon to electrical energy located within the enclosure to provide a source of electrical power; a plurality of interconnected heat collecting tubes located within the enclosure and disposed on the same plane as the array of photovoltaic cells for converting solar energy impinging thereon to thermal energy in a fluid disposed within the heat collecting tubes to provide a source of thermal energy; electrical energy transfer means for conducting electrical power from said photovoltaic cells outward of said enclosure; thermal energy transfer means for conducting thermal energy from heat collecting tubes outward of said enclosure; an electrical system including: a battery bank electrically connected to the array of photovoltaic cells for storing DC electrical energy produced by the photovoltaic cells; a DC/AC inventor for converting DC electrical power provided by the battery bank to AC electrical power; an alternative power source for providing electrical energy when battery voltage level falls below a predetermined level; a battery charger electrically connected to the battery bank and the alternative power source for charging the battery from the alternative power source; circuit means for providing AC electrical power to electrical devices; circuit means for providing DC electrical power to electrical devices; and a control panel for electrically connecting and disconnecting components of the electrical system; whereby said enclosure provides an output of both electrical power and thermal energy in response to impinging solar energy. 10. Apparatus according to claim 9 wherein the control panel comprises: voltage regulators; means for detecting the battery voltage level; means for connecting the battery bank to the DC/AC inverter when the battery voltage level exceeds a first predetermined level; means for connecting the DC/AC inverter to at least one of the circuit means for providing AC electrical power when the battery voltage exceeds said first predetermined voltage; means for connecting the battery bank to at least one of the circuit means for providing DC electrical power when the battery voltage exceeds said first predetermined voltage; means for connecting the DC/AC inverter to all of the circuit means for providing AC electrical power when the battery voltage exceeds a second predetermined value; means for connecting the battery bank to all of the circuit means for providing DC electrical power when the battery voltage exceeds said second predetermined value; means for providing at least one of the circuit means for providing AC power with power from the alternative power source when the battery voltage falls below said second predetermined level; and means for providing all of the circuit means for providing AC power with power from the alternative power source when the battery voltage falls below said first predetermined level. 11. Apparatus according to claim 9 wherein the alternative power source is an electric power grid. 12. Apparatus according to claim 9 wherein the alternative power source is a generator. 13. Apparatus of claim 9 additionally comprising means to transfer electric power from the photovoltaic cells to the electric power grid when then battery bank is fully charged. 14. Apparatus according to claim 9 further including an electric motor powered by said circuit means for providing DC electrical power to the electrical devices. 15. Apparatus according to claim 9 wherein the substantially unsealed enclosure comprises: a frame; a back plate; a glass cover loosely clamped to said frame; insulating material disposed between the back plate and frame of the enclosure and the array of photovoltaic cells and interconnected heat collecting tubes within the enclosure; and openings in the frame to permit electrical connections to the photovoltaic cells and connections between the pipes which connect components of the water circulation system and the interconnected heat collecting tubes. 16. Apparatus according to claim 15 wherein the frame and back plate are fabricated from a rust resistant material. 17. Apparatus according to claim 16 wherein the glass cover is attached but not sealed to the frame. 18. Apparatus according to claim 9 wherein the control panel comprises: voltage regulators; means for detecting the battery voltage level; mans for disconnecting the DC/AC inverter from all of the circuit means for providing AC electrical power when the battery voltage falls below a first predetermined value; means for disconnecting the battery bank from all of the circuit means for providing DC electrical power when the battery voltage falls below said first predetermined value; means for connecting the battery bank to the battery charger when the battery voltage level falls below a second predetermined level, which is greater than said first predetermined value; means for disconnecting the DC/AC inverter from at least one of the circuit means for providing AC electrical power when the battery voltage falls below said second predetermined voltage; means for disconnecting the battery bank from at least one of the circuit means for providing DC electrical power when the battery voltage falls below said second predetermined voltage; means for providing at least one of the circuit means for providing AC power with power from the alternative power source when the battery voltage falls below said second predetermined level; and means for providing all of the circuit means for providing AC power with power from the alternative power source when the battery voltage falls below said first determined level. 19. The apparatus of claim 9, further including a fluid storage tank for the thermally heated fluid, and a thermostatically controlled means for circulating the fluid between said fluid storage tank and said interconnected plurality of heat collecting tubes within said substantially unsealed enclosure. 20. A system for converting solar energy to electrical and thermal energy comprising; a substantially unsealed enclosure surrounding an array of photovoltaic cells and a plurality of heat collecting tubes disposed on the same plane as the array of photovoltaic cells; said substantially unsealed enclosure including a cover, a frame including a back wall, a plurality of side walls, and a flange adapted to receive said cover, with said cover being loosely clamped within said flange; an electrical system that provides power to electrical appliances and where at least a portion of the power can be derived from said photovoltaic cells; and a water circulation system in which water is circulated and where the water is heated by said heat collecting tubes. 