A light emission apparatus that emits light to draw people's attention at night includes a solar cell, a storage battery, a control unit; a light-emiting diode, and a transparent or partly transparent case. The control unit performs control in such a way that in the daytime the solar cell that receives sunlight charges the storage battery and, at night the light-emitting diode emits light or blinks by the electricity supplied from the storage battery.
Claims I claim: 1. A light emission apparatus comprising: an integral light emission unit including a solar cell, a storage battery, a light source and a control unit; a transparent or partly transparent case containing said integral light emission unit; a mounting member contained with said case and having said integral light emission unit pivotally mounted thereto about a pivot, wherein a light receiving surface of said solar cell and a center of gravity of said integral light emission unit are located on opposite sides of the pivot such that said light receiving surface faces upward; wherein said control unit is operative to cause said solar cell to charge said storage battery in the presence of sunlight transmitted through said case, and is operative to cause electricity of said storage battery to continuously or intermittently illuminate said light source in the absence of sunlight transmitted through said case. 2. A light emission apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein said light source is a light emitting diode. 3. A light emission apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein said mounting member includes first and second bearing supports spaced apart and fixed to an inner wall of said case, and wherein said integral light emission unit includes first and second shafts fixed to opposite sides thereof and supported by said first and second bearing supports, respectively. 4. A light emission apparatus as claimed in claim 2, wherein said mounting member includes first and second bearing supports spaced apart and fixed to an inner wall of said case, and wherein said integral light emission unit includes first and second shafts fixed to opposite sides thereof and supported by said first and second bearing supports, respectively. 