A modular scour monitoring device which employs magnets located within a weighted descending collar is designed for placement about bridge piers, abutments and the like, such that the occurrence of scour causes descent of the collar. This descent is carefully monitored against the initial reference point using one of two systems: a magnetic detecting probe unit or a magnetic switch array. The probe unit utilizes a graduated cable with a magnet detector mounted at one end and a signalling device at the other. The switch array system employs electrical components which are selectively activated with the descent of the collar, permitting periodic readings of the arrays various electrical properties to reveal the new depth. A wide variety of accessory systems may be used in conjunction with the present invention to permit remote monitoring, visual, audible or other warning signals, and data storage and control. The modular design permits effortless storage and shipping of individual units, and more importantly construction of a monitoring unit without expensive construction equipment.
Claims We claim: 1. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour in a stream bed, said apparatus comprising: a. a length of hollow tubing to be positioned such that said tubing extends vertically into and from a stream bed; b. a collar which fits around said length of tubing and rests upon said stream bed and wherein said collar moves downward with the event of scour, said collar comprising: (1) a top section and a bottom section; (2) a plurality of vertical spacers located between said top and bottom sections; and (3) at least one bar magnet attached to at least one of said vertical spacers; and c. a means for determining the vertical position of said collar along said tubing, wherein said means for determining comprises: (1) a plurality of magnetic switches; and (2) a plurality of electrical components, at least one component linked to one said magnetic switch. 2. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 1 wherein said means for determining the vertical position of said collar is contained within said tubing. 3. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 2 wherein said electrical components comprise resistors. 4. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 2 wherein said electrical components comprise magnetic field sensors. 5. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 2 wherein said electrical components comprise capacitors. 6. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 1 wherein said plurality of magnetic switches are initially open, said apparatus further comprising a means for closing said magnetic switches. 7. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 6 wherein said means for closing said magnetic switches is selective, whereby said means closes only certain of said switches. 8. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 6 and further comprising a means for activating said electrical components, wherein said means is responsive to said means for closing said magnetic switches. 9. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 8 wherein said means for determining the vertical position of said collar further comprises a means for calculating a cumulative value of said activated components. 10. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 2, wherein said plurality of spacers equals three. 11. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 1 wherein said collar further comprises at least one backup magnet attached to another of said vertical spacers. 12. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 2 wherein said hollow tubing is segmented. 13. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 2 wherein said tubing comprises a conical driving tip. 14. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 13 wherein conical driving tip comprises a means for penetrating said stream bed. 15. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 1 and further comprising a means for preventing said collar from binding on said tubing. 16. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 15 wherein said means for preventing said collar from binding comprises said tubing to be contacted only by said spacers of said collar. 17. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 16 wherein each said spacer contacts said tubing at only two points. 18. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 9 and further comprising a means for alerting of severe scour. 19. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 18 wherein said means for alerting comprises a monitor, and wherein said monitor comprises a means for displaying the cumulative value of said activated components. 20. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 18 wherein said means for alerting comprises an alarm system which is activated when a threshold cumulative value is reached. 21. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 20 wherein said alarm system comprises a visual signal. 22. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 20 wherein said alarm system comprises an audible signal. 23. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 21 or 22 wherein said system further comprises a means for transmitting said signal to a remote location. 24. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 23 wherein said means for transmitting said signal to a remote location comprises a telephone line. 25. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 23 wherein said means for transmitting said signal to a remote location comprises a data satellite uplink. 26. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 23 wherein said means for transmitting said signal to a remote location comprises an RF transmission. 27. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 9 and further comprising an automated data readout, wherein said data readout comprises a means for providing desired scour data based upon said cumulative value. 28. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 27 and further comprising a data logger, wherein said logger comprises a means for storing said desired scour data. 29. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 28 wherein said means for storing said desired scour data comprises a time/date stamp. 30. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 28 wherein said means for storing said desired scour data comprises a printout. 31. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 1, 19, 27 or 28 and further comprising a telemetry system, wherein said system comprises a means for interacting with said apparatus from a remote location. 32. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour in a stream bed, said apparatus comprising: a. a length of hollow main tubing to be positioned such that said tubing extends into and from a stream bed; b. a collar comprising at least one magnet, wherein said collar fits around said length of tubing and rests upon said stream bed and wherein said collar moves downward with the event of scour; and c. a means for determining the vertical position of said collar along said tubing, wherein said means for determining comprises: (1) a length of flexible cable having two ends; and (2) a magnet detector attached to one end of said flexible cable; (3) a means for emitting a signal attached to the other end of said flexible cable. 33. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 32 wherein said length of said main tubing is buried substantially in said stream bed, said apparatus further comprising a means for extending said tubing to the bridge surface. 34. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 33 wherein said means for extending comprises rigid hollow extension tubing. 35. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 32 wherein said main tubing is stainless steel. 36. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 34 wherein said extension tubing comprises curved and straight tubing components. 37. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 32 wherein said collar comprises open architecture. 38. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 37 wherein said open architecture comprises a top portion, a bottom portion and a plurality of spacers wherein said magnet is attached to at least one of said spacers. 39. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 37 wherein said open architecture comprises a top portion, a bottom portion and a plurality of spacers wherein said magnet is attached to said top portion. 40. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 37 wherein said open architecture comprises a top portion, a bottom portion and a plurality of spacers wherein said magnet is attached to said bottom portion. 41. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 38 wherein said number of spacers is three. 42. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 32 wherein said flexible cable is graduated. 43. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 1 or 32 wherein said means for determining the vertical position of said collar is removable from said apparatus. 44. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 43 wherein said means for determining the vertical position of said collar can be used at a plurality of bridge sites. 45. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 38 wherein said collar further comprises at least one backup magnet attached to another of said vertical spacers. 46. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 32 and further comprising a means for preventing said collar from binding on said tubing. 47. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 46 wherein said means for preventing said collar from binding on said tubing comprises said tubing to be contacted by only said spacers of said collar. 48. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 47 wherein each said spacer contacts said tubing at only two points. 49. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 32 and further comprising means for alerting of severe scour. 50. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 49 wherein said means for alerting comprises a monitor, and wherein said monitor comprises a means for displaying a cumulative value of said activated components. 51. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 49 wherein said means for alerting comprises an alarm system which is activated when a threshold cumulative value is reached. 52. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 51 wherein said alarm system comprises a visual signal. 53. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 51 wherein said alarm system comprises an audible signal. 54. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 52 or 53 wherein said system further comprises a means for transmitting said signal to a remote location. 55. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 54 wherein said means for transmitting said signal to a remote location comprises a telephone line. 56. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 54 wherein said means for transmitting said signal to a remote location comprises a data satellite uplink. 57. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 54 wherein said means for transmitting said signal to a remote location comprises an RF transmission. 58. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 49 and further comprising an automated data readout, wherein said data readout comprises a means for providing desired scour data based upon said cumulative values. 59. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 58 and further comprising a data logger, wherein said logger comprises a means for storing said desired scour data. 60. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 32 or 59 and further comprising a remote telemetry system, wherein said system comprises a means for interacting with said apparatus from a remote location. 61. An apparatus for the monitoring of scour as described in claim 60 and further comprising a power source wherein said power source comprise Solar DC system with a battery backup. 62. A method for monitoring scour within a stream bed comprising the steps of: a. driving a rigid tubular member into said stream bed; then b. inserting a plurality of open switches linked sequentially and spaced equally apart within said tubular member, and wherein each said switch is electrically connected to an electrical component; then c. placing a non-floating collar about said tubular member; then d. allowing said collar to rest upon the surface of said stream bed; while also e. allowing said collar to descend incrementally as scour occurs to said stream bed; while f. closing one of said switches with each predetermined increment of descent of said collar thereby electrically engaging said electrical component; then g. periodically determining an amount of scour occurring within said stream bed. 63. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 62 wherein said step of periodically determining comprises the step of determining the amount of descent of said collar. 64. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 63 wherein said step of determining the amount of descent comprises the step of calculating the cumulative value of said engaged electrical components. 65. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 62 wherein said switches are magnetic and said collar comprises a bar magnet, and wherein said step of closing one of said switches comprises the step of tripping said magnetic switches with said bar magnet. 66. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 62 wherein said step of allowing said collar to descend comprises the step of preventing said collar from binding upon said tubular member during descent. 67. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 66 wherein collar comprises a plurality of vertical spacers, said step of preventing said collar from binding comprises the step of contacting said tubular member with only said vertical spacers. 68. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 64 and further comprising the step of logging calculated values from said step of determining the amount of descent of said collar. 69. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 62 wherein said step of driving said tubular member into a stream bed comprises the step of manually pounding said tubular member downward. 70. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 68 and further comprising the step of controlling said step of logging calculated values, wherein said step of controlling is performed remotely. 71. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 62 and further comprising the step of controlling said step of periodically determining the amount of scour, wherein said step of controlling is performed remotely. 72. A method for monitoring scour within a stream bed, wherein said stream bed has a surface, comprising the steps of: a. driving a rigid hollow tubular member into said stream bed; then b. placing a non-floating collar about said tubular member, wherein said collar comprises at least one magnetic body; then c. allowing said collar to rest upon the surface of said stream bed; while also d. allowing said collar to descend incrementally as scour occurs to said stream bed; then e. periodically determining an amount of scour occurring within said stream bed, wherein said step of periodically determining comprises the steps of: (1) lowering a probe into said hollow tubular member; then (2) activating said probe with said magnetic body as it reaches the depth of said collar. 73. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 72 wherein said step of periodically determining the amount of scour further comprises the step of assessing the distance said probe is lowered into said hollow tubular member. 74. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 72 wherein said step of allowing descent comprises the step of preventing said collar from binding upon said tubular member during descent. 75. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 74 wherein collar comprises a plurality of vertical spacers, said step of preventing said collar from binding comprises the step of contacting said tubular member with only said vertical spacers. 76. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 73 and further comprising the step of logging said distances from said step of assessing the distance lowered. 77. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 72 wherein said step of driving said tubular member into a stream bed comprises the step of manually pounding said tubular member downward. 78. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 62 or 72 wherein said step of driving comprises the step of pneumatically forcing said tubular member downward. 79. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 62 or 72 wherein said step of driving comprises the step of hydraulically forcing said tubular member downward. 80. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 78 wherein said step of driving comprises the step of jetting said stream bed to permit descent of said tubular member. 81. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 79 wherein said step of driving comprises the step of jetting said stream bed to permit descent of said tubular member. 82. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 72 or 77 wherein said step of driving comprises the step of jetting said stream bed to permit descent of said tubular member. 83. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 72 or 73 and further comprising the step of retaining said collar at its maximum descent throughout said step of allowing said collar to descend. 84. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 72 wherein said step of lowering is performed manually. 85. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 72 wherein said step of lowering is performed automatically. 86. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 72 and further comprising the step of controlling the step of periodically determining the amount of scour, wherein said step of controlling is performed remotely. 87. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 72, 84 or 85 and further comprising the step of controlling the step of lowering, wherein said step of controlling is performed remotely. 88. A method for monitoring scour as described in claim 76 and further comprising the step of controlling said step of logging, wherein said step of controlling is performed remotely. 