A mobile sign with a solar panel for warning motorists of highway problems. The mobile sign comprises a wheeled vehicle, an electrically powered sign panel mounted on the wheeled vehicle, a chargeable battery for powering the sign panel, and a solar panel for charging the battery. The solar panel is rotatable and tiltable relative to the wheeled vehicle. The sign panel is independently rotatable relative to the wheeled vehicle. The sign panel has a low-glare, high-contrast display that also improves the lifetime of the display's electronic or mechanical components by reducing heating of the display due to the sun.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A mobile sign with solar panel for directing messages to vehicular traffic on a highway, comprising: a wheeled vehicle for carrying the sign, an electrically powered sign panel and controls thereof said electrically powered sign panel and controls are mounted on said wheeled vehicle, for displaying messages and changing the displayed messages, a chargeable battery on the wheeled vehicle for powering said sign panel and connected to said sign panel, an electricity generating solar panel connected to said battery for charging said battery, means for mounting said solar panel on said wheeled vehicle, and means for tilting and rotating said solar panel relative to said wheeled vehicle for orienting said solar panel to directly face the sun, said sign panel being rotatable relative to said wheeled vehicle, said means for tilting and rotating said solar panel operating independently of the rotation of said sign panel. 2. A mobile sign with solar panel as in claim 1, further comprising a first mast for mounting said sign panel on said wheel vehicle. 3. A mobile sign with solar panel as in claim 2, wherein said means for mounting said solar panel on said wheeled vehicle comprises a second mast. 4. A mobile sign with solar panel as in claim 3, wherein said second mast is mounted on said first mast. 5. A mobile sign with solar panel for directing messages to vehicular traffic on a highway, comprising: a wheeled vehicle for carrying the sign, an electrically powered sign panel and controls thereof for displaying messages and changing the displayed messages, a first mast mounting said sign panel on said wheeled vehicle, said first mast being adapted to raise, lower, and rotate said sign panel relative to said wheeled vehicle, a chargeable battery on said wheeled vehicle for powering said sign panel and connected to said sign panel, an electricity generating solar panel connected to said battery for charging said battery, and a second mast mounting said solar panel on said wheeled vehicle, said solar panel being connected to said second mast and said second mast being adapted to tilt and rotate said solar panel relative to said wheeled vehicle. 6. A mobile sign with solar panel as in claim 6, wherein said second mast further comprises: a frame mounting said second mast on said wheeled vehicle, a stationary portion of said second mast and an extendible portion of said second mast connected to said stationary portion and said extendible portion being adapted to tilt said solar panel relative to said second mast, said stationary portion being swingably connected to said frame, said extendible portion being slidably engaged with said stationary portion, a handle adapted to rotate said second mast, a brake for preventing rotation of said second mast, and a jack adapted to raise and lower said extendible portion on said stationary portion to tilt said solar panel. 7. A mobile sign with solar panel as in claim 6, wherein said stationary portion further comprises a hollow tube with a wall and a longitudinal bore therein, said jack further comprises a low-pitch screw and nut and a crank adapted to rotate said screw, and said screw rotates within said bore, said nut being connected to said extendible portion so as to raise and lower said extendible portion as said screw rotates. 8. A mobile sign with solar panel as in claim 7, wherein said extendible portion further comprises a hollow tube with an outer wall and inner wall spaced from each other and encompassing the wall of said stationary portion therebetween, and said extendible portion thereby slides longitudinally on said stationary portion. 9. A mobile sign with solar panel as in claim 6, wherein said second mast further comprises a joint connecting said solar panel to said extendible portion and a linkage connecting spaced portions of said solar panel with said stationary portion, said joint and said linkage being adapted to allow said solar panel to tilt along one axis without contacting said sign panel as said extendible portion is raised and lowered, said extendible portion further comprising a longitudinal slot which slides past said linkage as said extendible portion slides on said stationary portion. 10. A mobile sign with solar panel as in claim 5, wherein said solar panel can be tilted above said sign panel. 11. A mobile sign with solar panel as in claim 5, wherein said solar panel can be tilted to a horizontal position for transport. 12. A mobile sign with solar panel for directing messages to vehicular traffic on a highway, comprising: a wheeled vehicle for carrying the sign, an electrically powered sign panel and controls thereof said electrically powered sign panel and controls are mounted on said wheeled vehicle, for displaying messages and changing the displayed messages, a chargeable battery on the wheeled vehicle for powering said sign panel and connected to said sign panel, an electricity generating solar panel connected to said battery for charging said battery, means for mounting said solar panel on said wheeled vehicle, means for tilting and rotating said solar panel relative to said wheeled vehicle for orienting said solar panel to directly face the sun, and a first mast for mounting said sign panel on said wheeled vehicle. 