A dual-polarized antenna includes a planar line or surface array of reradiating elements of two different polarizations. Each reradiating element in one embodiment is a short-circuited vertical or horizontal dipole. The vertical and horizontal dipoles may be collocated on the array to form crossed short-circuited dipoles. The elements of each polarization form an array separate from the elements of the other polarization. Within each of the two separate arrays, the 1/.lambda. of each reradiator is adjusted to provide a phase shift which causes a collimated beam incident on the array to result in reradiation or "reflection" of energy in the form of a beam converging at a focal point. Therefore, each planar reradiator array acts as a parabolic reflector with a particular focal point. The focal points for the vertical and horizontal arrays are different, and a feed of the appropriate polarization is located at each of the two focal points. A satellite includes a communication system operating in a "frequency re-use" mode, with mutually alternate, overlapping-frequency channels transmitted (and received) on mutually orthogonal polarizations.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An antenna, comprising: a first plurality of first reradiators of electromagnetic energy, each of said first reradiators including a straight electrical conductor elongated in the direction of an axis of elongation, and defining at least a lateral dimension in a direction transverse to said axis of elongation, the dimensions of each of said first reradiators being selected to provide a particular phase shift to reradiated energy at a predetermined frequency; a second plurality, which may be equal to said first plurality, of second reradiators of electromagnetic energy, each of said second reradiators including a straight electrical conductor elongated in the direction of an axis of elongation, and defining at least a lateral dimension in a direction transverse to said axis of elongation, the dimensions of each of said second reradiators being selected to provide a particular phase shift to reradiated energy at said predetermined frequency; arraying means, for arraying said first plurality of first reradiators in an array direction, on an array surface, to form a first array, with said axes of elongation of adjacent ones of said first reradiators substantially parallel to each other in order to reradiate a first linear polarization, the dimensions of each one of said first reradiators in said first array being selected, in dependence upon the location of said one of said first reradiators in said first array, so that said first array reradiates diverging energy received from a first focal point to produce a collimated beam of energy, and reradiates a received beam of collimated energy to produce a beam of energy converging toward said first focal point, and for arraying said second plurality of second reradiators in said array direction, on said array surface, to form a second array, with said axes of elongation of adjacent ones of said second reradiators substantially parallel to each other and substantially orthogonal to said axes of elongation of said first reradiators, the dimensions of each one of said second reradiators in said second array being selected, in dependence upon the location of said one of said second reradiators in said second array, so that said second array reradiates diverging energy received from a second focal point, different from said first focal point, to produce a collimated beam of energy, and reradiates a received beam of collimated energy to produce a beam of energy converging toward said second focal point; first feed antenna means located at said first focal point for transducing signals of said first polarization; and second feed antenna means located at said second focal point for transducing signals of said second polarization. 2. An antenna according to claim 1, wherein said first and second feed antenna means comprise waveguide horns. 3. An antenna according to claim 1, wherein at least some of said first reradiators include a gap in the direction of said axis of elongation, and elongated conductive means bridging said gap, for introducing a phase shift. 4. An antenna according to claim 3, wherein said elongated conductive means bridging said gap is a meander line. 5. An antenna according to claim 3, wherein said elongated conductive means bridging said gap is a short-circuited transmission line. 6. An antenna according to claim 1, wherein at least some of said first and second reradiators are collocated. 7. An antenna according to claim 6, wherein each of said collocated first and second reradiators have the general appearance of a four-arm cross. 8. An antenna according to claim 7, wherein the arms of said four-arm cross are symmetrical. 9. An antenna according to claim 8, wherein said symmetrical arms are identical. 10. An antenna according to claim 1, wherein said array surface is planar. 11. An antenna according to claim 10, wherein said first array is a planar array. 12. An antenna according to claim 1, wherein said array surface is nonplanar. 13. An antenna according to claim 12 wherein said first array is a two-dimensional array fired to said nonplanar surface, whereby it becomes three-dimensional. 14. An antenna according to claim 13, wherein said second array is also a two-dimensional array fitted to said nonplanar surface. 15. An antenna according to claim 13, wherein said nonplanar surface is parabolic, with a focus near one of said first and second focal points. 16. An antenna according to claim 1 further comprising: satellite mounting means; a satellite body coupled to said mounting means; at least one of signal generating means and signal receiving means coupled to said first and second feed antenna means; and at least one solar panel mounted on said body and coupled to said one of said generating and receiving means for energization thereof. 17. An antenna, comprising: a first plurality of first reradiators of electromagnetic energy, each of said first reradiators being sensitive to a first polarization, the dimensions of each of said first reradiators being selected to provide a particular phase shift to reradiated energy of said first polarization at a predetermined frequency; a second plurality, which may be equal to said first plurality, of second reradiators of electromagnetic energy, each of said second reradiators being sensitive to a second polarization orthogonal to said first polarization, the dimensions of each of said second reradiators being selected to provide a particular phase shift to reradiated energy of said second polarization at said predetermined frequency; arraying means, for arraying said first plurality of first reradiators in an array direction, on an array surface, to form a first array, with said first reradiators oriented to respond to said first polarization, the dimensions of each one of said first reradiators in said first array being selected, in dependence upon the location of said one of said first reradiators in said first array, so that said first array reradiates diverging energy received from a first focal point to produce a collimated beam of energy, and reradiates a received beam of collimated energy to produce a beam of energy converging toward said first focal point, and for arraying said second plurality of second reradiators in said array direction, on said array surface, to form a second array, with said second reradiators oriented to respond to said second polarization, the dimensions of each one of said second reradiators in said second array being selected, in dependence upon the location of said one of said second reradiators in said second array, so that said second array reradiates diverging energy received from a second focal point, different from said first focal point, to produce a collimated beam of energy, and reradiates a received beam of collimated energy to produce a bum of energy converging toward said second focal point; first feed antenna means located at said first focal point for transducing signals of said first polarization; and second feed antenna means located at said second focal point for transducing signals of said second polarization. 18. An antenna according to claim 17, wherein at least some of said first and second reradiators are collocated. 19. An antenna according to claim 17, wherein said array surface is planar. 20. An antenna according to claim 17, wherein said array surface is nonplanar. 