The seal assembly comprises a housing, a shaft, seals, and a reservoir. The housing has a hollow section bounded by a cylindrical surface and a first curved protrusion. The housing has a first channel and a second channel extending from the hollow section. The shaft extends through the hollow section. Seals seal the hollow section with respect to the shaft to form a chamber. The combination of the first curved protrusion and the sleeve cooperatively form a hydraulic pump for conveying a lubricating fluid from the chamber via the first channel to reservoir. The lubricating fluid is circulated from the reservoir to the chamber via a second channel. The seal assembly has a fluid level gauge or an optoelectronic leak detector for detecting leaks in the seals of the seal assembly or leaks in a fluid pump (i.e. a magnetic-drive centrifugal pump) coupled to the seal assembly.
Claims We claim: 1. A seal assembly comprising: a housing having a hollow section, a first channel, and a second channel, the hollow section defined by a surface having a first curved protrusion, the first channel extending radially from the hollow section, and the second channel extending radially from the hollow section; a shaft extending through the hollow section, the shaft having a predetermined clearance between the first curved protrusion and the shaft; a first seal, the first seal surrounding a circumferential area of said shaft, the first seal disposed adjacently to said surface; a second seal, the second seal surrounding a circumferential area of the shaft, the second seal disposed adjacently to said surface; and a reservoir having a reservoir interior, the reservoir coupled to the first channel and the second channel, the reservoir having inspection means for inspecting contents of the reservoir interior. 2. The seal assembly according to claim 1 wherein the shaft is substantially hollow and tubular. 3. The seal assembly according to claim 1 wherein said surface is substantially cylindrical and has an axis; and wherein the seal assembly further comprises a sleeve, the sleeve affixed to said shaft, the sleeve coaxially oriented with respect to said axis, the sleeve operably associated with the first seal and the second seal. 4. The seal assembly according to claim 1 wherein said surface is substantially cylindrical and has an axis; and wherein the hollow section is bounded by a second curved protrusion, the first curved protrusion extending radially inward toward said axis, and the second curved protrusion extending radially inward toward said axis. 5. The seal assembly according to claim 1 further comprising a sleeve affixed to said shaft, the sleeve having a sleeve circumference; and wherein the first curved protrusion defines a first arc, the first arc having a first clearance with respect to said sleeve, and wherein said first channel has a first aperture and said second channel has a second aperture, the first aperture and the second aperture located proximately to said first curved protrusion such that longitudinal axes of the first channel and the second channel are substantially tangential to the sleeve circumference. 6. The seal assembly according to claim 5 wherein said housing has a first face and a second face, the first face having a respective circular groove for engaging a corresponding gasket, the second face having an elevated collar, and the elevated collar coaxially surrounding the hollow section. 7. The seal assembly according to claim 1 wherein each one of the first seal and the second seal comprises a lip seal, the first seal and the second seal being arranged in a seal configuration selected from the group consisting of a tandem seal arrangement, a dual seal arrangement, and a double seal arrangement. 8. The seal assembly according to claim 7 further comprising a third seal located adjacently to the first seal, the third seal being selected from the group consisting of a mechanical seal, a spring-biased mechanical seal, a magnetically biased seal, a lip seal, and mechanical face seals. 9. The seal assembly according to claim 1 wherein the first seal comprises a lip seal having a first frame, an alpha annular hydrodynamic element, a beta annular hydrodynamic element, and a wedge, the alpha annular hydrodynamic separated from the beta annular hydrodynamic element by the wedge, the alpha annular hydrodynamic element and the beta annular hydrodynamic element having orthogonal cross sections oriented for sealing in opposite directions, the first frame operably affixed to the alpha annular hydrodynamic and the beta annular hydrodynamic element; and wherein the second seal comprises a lip seal having a second frame, and a delta annular hydrodynamic element, the second frame operably affixed to the delta annular hydrodynamic element. 10. The seal assembly according to claim 9 further comprising a retainer; and wherein the housing has an elevated collar, a collar interior, and a retainer channel located in the collar interior; the second seal secured by the retainer and the retainer being attached to said housing by the retainer channel. 11. The seal assembly according to claim 1 wherein the shaft has a sleeve and the hollow section is bounded by a cam surface, the cam surface being formed by the first curved protrusion and a second curved protrusion, the cam surface having a closer clearance to the sleeve at the first curved protrusion than at the second curved protrusion, the sleeve having radial cavities, each one of said radial cavities engaging a corresponding vane spring and an associated vane, the vane spring allowing axial movement of its associated vane and the vane spring biasing its associated vane against the cam surface. 12. The seal assembly according to claim 1 wherein a first conduit and a second conduit couple the first channel and the second channel, respectively, from the hollow section to the reservoir. 13. The seal assembly according to claim 12 wherein the first conduit has a heat sink operably associated with the first conduit. 14. The seal assembly according to claim 1 wherein the inspection means comprises a fluid level gauge. 15. The seal assembly according to claim 1 wherein the inspection means comprises a fluid level gauge selected from the group consisting of a window in the reservoir, a substantially transparent reservoir, a substantially translucent reservoir, a reservoir with a substantially translucent portion, and a reservoir with a substantially transparent portion. 16. A seal assembly comprising: a housing having a hollow section, a first channel, and a second channel, the hollow section defined by a substantially cylindrical surface having a first curved protrusion, the first channel extending radially from the hollow section, and the second channel extending radially from the hollow section; a shaft extending through the hollow section, the shaft having a predetermined clearance between the first curved protrusion and the shaft; a first seal, the first seal surrounding a circumferential area of said shaft, the first seal disposed adjacently to said cylindrical surface; a second seal, the second seal surrounding a circumferential area of the shaft, the second seal disposed adjacently to said cylindrical surface; and a reservoir having a reservoir interior, the reservoir coupled to the first channel and the second channel, the reservoir being associated with detection means for detecting a leak in a fluid containment device. 17. The seal assembly according to claim 16 wherein the detection means comprises an electromagnetic source, a detector, and a switch, the electromagnetic source producing electromagnetic radiation, the detector responsive to the electromagnetic radiation generated by said electromagnetic source if a level of fluid in the reservoir changes, the switch coupled to the detector and responsive to the detector, the switch providing an output for control of an external device. 18. The seal assembly according to claim 17 wherein the external device comprises an alarm. 19. The seal assembly according to claim 17 wherein the external device comprises a fluid pump. 20. The seal assembly according to claim 16 wherein the detection means comprises an optoelectronic leak detector. 21. The seal assembly according to claim 16 wherein the detection means comprises an electromagnetic source, a first detector, a second detector, a logic circuit, and a switch, the first detector positioned in the reservoir interior, the second detector positioned in the reservoir interior, an input of the logic circuit coupled to the first detector and the second detector, the switch coupled to the logic circuit and responsive to an output of the logic circuit, the switch providing switching for the control of an external device selected from the group consisting of a centrifugal pump, an alarm, and an automatic valve. 22. The seal assembly according to claim 21 wherein the logic circuit comprises a logic device selected from the group consisting of a comparator, an AND gate, a NAND gate, a NOR gate, and an OR gate. 23. The seal assembly according to claim 21 wherein the switch comprises a switch selected from the group consisting of a relay, a solid state relay, a solenoidal relay, an optoelectronically controlled relay, a triac, and an optoelectronically controlled triac. 24. A fluid pump coupled to a drive shaft wherein the improvement comprises: a housing having a hollow section, a first channel, and a second channel, the drive shaft having a sleeve coaxially extending through the housing, the hollow section being bounded by a first curved protrusion and a substantially cylindrical surface, the housing secured to the fluid pump; a first seal, the first seal surrounding a circumferential area of said sleeve, the first seal adjoining said hollow section; a second seal, the second seal substantially surrounding a circumferential area of said sleeve, the second seal adjoining said hollow section; and a reservoir, the first channel and the second channel coupling the hollow section to the reservoir. 25. The fluid pump of claim 24 further comprising detection means for detecting a leak in a fluid containment device selected from group consisting of the first seal and the second seal, the detection means associated with the reservoir. 26. The fluid pump of claim 24 further comprising inspection means for inspecting the reservoir, the inspection means associated with the reservoir. 27. The fluid pump of claim 24 wherein the fluid pump is selected from the group consisting of a centrifugal pump, a canned motor pump, a magnetic-drive centrifugal pump, a synchronous magnetic-drive centrifugal pump, and a nonsynchronous magnetic-drive centrifugal pump. 28. A centrifugal pump comprising: a casing, the casing having an inlet opening, an outlet opening, and a casing interior; an impeller located in the casing interior; a pump shaft, the impeller operably engaging the pump shaft; a first magnet, the first magnet coupled to the impeller such that the first magnet and the impeller rotate simultaneously; a second magnet, the second magnet coaxially oriented with respect to the first magnet, the second magnet permitting coupling to a drive shaft means; a containment shell oriented between the first magnet and the second magnet; a seal assembly having a housing, a first seal, a second seal, and a reservoir; the housing having a hollow section, a first channel, and a second channel, the housing secured to the casing, the drive shaft means extending through the hollow section, the first seal and the second seal operably engaging the hollow section, the hollow section coupled to the reservoir via the first channel and the second channel, the hollow section having its boundaries defined by a curved surface, varied radial clearances separating the drive shaft means from the curved surface. 29. The centrifugal pump according to claim 28 wherein the first magnet comprises an inner magnet assembly; and wherein the second magnet comprises an outer magnet assembly, the inner magnet assembly coaxially disposed within the outer magnet assembly. 30. A method for detecting leaks in a centrifugal pump using a first fluid containment device wherein the first fluid containment device comprises a containment shell that confines a first fluid, the method comprising the steps of: a) providing a housing, a shaft, and chamber seals to define a chamber containing the shaft; b) orienting at least one of said chamber seals to receive the first fluid if the first fluid containment device leaks the first fluid; c) circulating a second fluid in the chamber to and from a reservoir; and d) monitoring for a change in the level of the second fluid in the reservoir and monitoring for the presence of the first fluid in the reservoir to determine the integrity of the first fluid containment device. 31. The method of claim 30 wherein step d comprises: simultaneously monitoring for changes in the level of the first fluid and the second fluid in the reservoir. 32. The method according to claim 30 wherein orienting at least one chamber seal in step b is accomplished by providing a path for the first fluid to migrate into the chamber from the fluid pump. 33. The method according to claim 30 further comprising the step of: e) selecting a particular one of said chamber seals to allow the introduction of the first fluid into the chamber when a predetermined pressure at said particular chamber seal is exceeded. 34. The method according to claim 30 wherein step d is accomplished by generating electromagnetic radiation and detecting changes in electromagnetic radiation attenuation caused by a change in level of a substantially opaque second fluid. 35. The method according to claim 30 further comprising the step of: e) generating a switched output in response to a change in the level of the fluid in the reservoir. 36. The method according to claim 30 further comprising the step of: e) visually displaying a level of the second fluid in said reservoir. 37. The method of claim 30 further comprising the step of: e) cooling the second fluid. 38. The method according to claim 30 further comprising the step of: e) generating an alarm in response to a change in level of the second fluid in the reservoir. 39. The centrifugal pump according to claim 28 wherein said varied radial clearances comprise a minimum clearance region and a maximum clearance region; the minimum clearance region ranging from approximately fifteen thousandths of an inch to approximately forty thousandths of an inch. 40. The centrifugal pump according to claim 28 wherein the curved surface includes a protrusion defining an arc ranging from 120 continuous degrees to 145 continuous degrees, the arc having a contour corresponding to a circumference of the drive shaft means. 41. The centrifugal pump according to claim 28 wherein the first channel has a first longitudinal axis and the second channel has a second longitudinal axis, and wherein the first longitudinal axis and the second longitudinal axis extend tangentially relative to a circumference of the drive shaft means. 42. The centrifugal pump according to claim 28 wherein said first channel has a larger cross-section than said second channel. 43. The centrifugal pump according to claim 28 wherein the first seal comprises a first single-lip seal and wherein the second seal comprises a second single-lip seal. 44. The centrifugal pump according to claim 28 wherein the first seal comprises a dual-lip seal having bi-directional sealing ability and wherein the second seal comprises a single-lip seal; the first seal being oriented closer toward the containment shell than the second seal is oriented. 45. The centrifugal pump according to claim 44 wherein the first seal has at least one substantially annular hydrodynamic element substantially constructed from polytetrafluoroethylene; and wherein the second seal has a substantially annular hydrodynamic element substantially constructed from polytetrafluoroethylene. 46. The centrifugal pump according to claim 28 wherein the reservoir has a fluid level gauge. 47. The centrifugal pump according to claim 28 wherein the reservoir has a substantially transparent portion. 48. The centrifugal pump according to claim 28 wherein the reservoir is substantially transparent or substantially translucent. 49. The centrifugal pump according to claim 28 further comprising: a fluid located in the reservoir, the fluid having a fluid level; detection means for detecting potential leakage of the containment shell; the detection means being associated with said reservoir, the detection means monitoring for a predefined change in said fluid level. 50. The centrifugal pump according to claim 49 wherein said detection means comprises an electromagnetic source, a detector, and a switch; the electromagnetic source generating electromagnetic radiation, the detector spatially oriented to receive a first amplitude of electromagnetic radiation from the electromagnetic source if the fluid is at a first fluid level and the detector spatially oriented to receive a second amplitude of electromagnetic radiation from the electromagnetic source if the fluid is at a second fluid level, an amplitude change between said first amplitude and said second amplitude received by said detector being indicative of a corresponding change in the fluid level, the switch coupled to said detector, the switch being responsive to said detector. 51. The centrifugal pump according to claim 50 wherein the detector comprises an optical detector selected from the group consisting of a photoresistor, a cadmium sulfide photoresistor, a solar cell, a photodetector, a phototransistor, and a photodetector semiconductor. 52. The centrifugal pump according to claim 50 further comprising: an alarm, the alarm connected to said switch, wherein the switch activates the alarm in response to the predefined change in said fluid level. 53. The centrifugal pump according to claim 50 further comprising: a drive motor, the drive motor mechanically coupled to said drive shaft means, wherein the switch is coupled to the drive motor, the switch deactivating the drive motor in response to the predefined change in said fluid level. 54. The centrifugal pump according to claim 28 wherein the drive shaft means comprises a combination of a drive shaft and a sleeve, the drive shaft coaxially surrounded by the sleeve; and wherein said varied radial clearance actually separates the sleeve from the curved surface. 55. The centrifugal pump according to claim 28 further comprising: a first fluid located in the casing interior, the containment shell being oriented adjacent to the casing interior to substantially confine said first fluid; and a second fluid located in the reservoir and in the hollow section, the first seal and the second seal substantially confining the second fluid to the hollow section and to the reservoir, such that upon rotational movement of the drive shaft means the second fluid is circulated to and from the reservoir. 