A method and a fault sensor device (1) which can detect and distinguish abnormal current and voltage events on an alternating current overhead and underground transmission line or distribution line (2). The fault sensor device (1) is contained in an elongated molded plastic housing (4), The fault sensor device (1) includes a current sensor (12) and a voltage sensor (14) connected in proximity to the transmission or distribution line (2) for monitoring current and voltage analog signals; an analog-to-digital converter (22) connected to the current and voltage sensors (12,14) for sampling the current and voltage analog signals and producing: corresponding digital signals; a processor (11) responsive to the digital signals for detecting an abnormal condition and distinguishing whether any of a plurality of types of faults has occurred; and a transmitter (3) for transmitting the fault information from the processor (11) to a remote location.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A line-mounted fault sensor for monitoring at least two operating parameters of an AC power transmission or distribution line and deriving information concerning faults occurring on the line, comprising: first and second sensors, connectable in proximity to the transmission or distribution line, for providing at least two analog signals each representative of a time varying value of one of said at least two operating parameters; an analog-to-digital converter connected to said first and second sensors for sampling said at least two analog signals and producing corresponding digital signals; a processor responsive to said digital signals for detecting an abnormal condition and thereafter distinguishing whether any of a plurality of types of faults has occurred, and if so which of the plurality of types of faults occurred; and a transmitter responsive to said processor for, if any of the plurality of types of faults occurred, transmitting to a remote location information identifying which of the plurality of types of faults occurred. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the plurality of types of faults include at least two of the following: momentary outage, sustained outage, normal overload, inrush, open line on one of three phases with a possibility of a fallen live wire, and voltage sag. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the plurality of types of faults include three or more of the following: momentary outage, sustained outage, normal overload, inrush, open line on one of three phases with a possibility of a fallen live wire, and voltage sag. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the transmitter transmits the information to a defined ground station location. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the defined ground station location is one of a switching center and a load center. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a receiver responsive to signals transmitted from the remote location and operatively connected to the processor for reprogramming the processor. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein the receiver is responsive to signals transmitted from the remote location for causing the processor to reset the fault sensor. 8. The apparatus of claim 6, further comprising: a rechargeable energy storage device; means for producing an electric current; and a power control circuit connected to the rechargeable energy storage device, said means for producing an electric current, and said processor. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the power control circuit derives regulated power from one of the rechargeable energy storage device and said means for producing an electric current, and delivers said regulated power to said processor. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the power control circuit charges the rechargeable energy storage device using current from said means for producing an electric current. 11. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the rechargeable energy storage device is a bank of capacitors. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the capacitors are double-layer capacitors. 13. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the means for producing an electric current comprises an array of photovoltaic cells. 14. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the means for producing an electric current comprises a coil inductively coupled to the AC power transmission or distribution line. 15. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein said power control circuit is connected to said transmitter and said receiver through a switch controlled by said processor. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein said transmitter and receiver are programmed to remain in a sleep mode except after the occurrence of a fault and during periodic check intervals, when the processor controls said switch to supply power to said transmitter and said receiver. 17. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said first sensor is a voltage sensor arranged so as to radially oppose the AC power transmission or distribution line only within a sector, from a center of the AC power transmission or distribution line, of less than 180.degree.. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein said voltage sensor has a central axis located substantially in a plane parallel to the AC power transmission or distribution line. 19. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the voltage sensor is capacitively coupled to the AC power transmission or distribution line. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the voltage sensor is located at a fixed predetermined distance from the AC power transmission or distribution line, and a size of the AC power transmission or distribution line is programmed into said processor. 21. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said first sensor is a voltage sensor and said second sensor is a current sensor, each of the voltage sensor and the current sensor being arranged so as to radially oppose the AC power transmission or distribution line only within a sector, from a center of the AC power transmission or distribution line, of less than 180.degree.. 22. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein the voltage sensor and the current sensor each have a central axis located substantially in a plane parallel to the AC power transmission or distribution line. 23. The apparatus of claim 1, adapter for use with an underground AC power transmission or distribution line, the apparatus further comprising: a patch antenna connected to said transmitter; and a fiber optic link connecting said transmitter and said processor. 