A lighting assembly for directing light downward onto a surface, the assembly including a shield having two attached plates disposed in angled relation to each other and adapted for mounting above the lighted surface. A solar panel is mounted on the top surface of the shield to convert light energy into electric power for recharging the battery. A photocell is mounted on the top surface of the shield to measure the ambient light and provide the source for switching between the charging and lighting modes.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A lighting assembly comprising: a shield including a first plate member having a front face and a rear face adapted for mounting engagement against a mounting surface and a second plate member having a top face and a bottom face, said second plate member being disposed in angled relation to said front face of said first plate member so that said front face and said bottom face of said respective first and second plate members channel light downward onto a surface below the mounting surface, at least one electric lamp supported in concealed relation between said front face of said first plate member and said bottom face of said second plate member, said lamp positioned and disposed for directing light downward onto a surface below the mounting surface, a power storage source interconnected to said electric lamp for supplying electric power to said lamp for operation thereof, a solar panel structured and disposed to absorb light energy and convert said light energy into electric power for recharging said power storage source, attachment means for attaching said panel to said top face of said second plate member, said attachment means including at least two grommets protruding from said solar panel and a corresponding number of mounting holes in said second plate member, said grommets being structured and disposed to lock in said lock mounting holes thereby securing said solar panel to said top face of said second plate member, a relay interconnected to said solar panel, said power storage source and said lamp, said relay being structured to direct electric current flow between said power storage source and said lamp and between said solar panel and said power storage source, and a photocell mounted to said shield and being light sensitive, said photocell being interconnected to said relay for actuating said relay in response to a change between light and dark conditions in order to control direction of flow from said power storage source to said lamp during dark conditions and from said solar panel to said power storage source during light conditions. 2. A lighting assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said photocell is mounted on said top face of said second plate member. 3. A lighting assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said power storage source is mounted on said bottom face of said second plate member. 4. A lighting assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said lamp is mounted on said bottom face of said second plate member. 5. A lighting assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said relay is mounted on said bottom face of said second plate member. 6. A lighting assembly powered by an electric power storage source comprising: a shield including a first plate member having a front face and a rear face adapted for mounting engagement against a mounting surface and a second plate member having a top face and a bottom face, said second plate member being disposed in angled relation to said front face of said first plate member so that said front face and said bottom face of said respective first and second plate members channel light downward onto a surface below the mounting surface, at least one electric lamp supported in concealed relation between said front face of said first plate member and said bottom face of said second plate member, said lamp positioned and disposed for directing light downward onto a surface below the mounting surface, a solar panel structured and disposed to absorb light energy and convert said light energy into electric power for recharging said power storage source, attachment means for attaching said solar panel to said top face of said second plate member, said attachment means including at least two grommets protruding from said solar panel and a corresponding number of mounting holes in said second plate member, said grommets being structured and disposed to lock in said mounting holes thereby securing said solar panel to said top face of said second plate member, switch means interconnected to said solar panel, said power storage source and said lamp, said switch means being structured to direct electric current flow between said power storage source and said lamp and between said solar panel and said power storage source, and light measuring means mounted to said shield and being light sensitive, said light measuring means being interconnected to said switch means for actuating said switch means in response to a change between light and dark conditions in order to control direction of current flow from said power storage source to said lamp during dark conditions and from said solar panel to said power storage source during light conditions. 7. A lighting assembly as recited in claim 6 wherein said lamp is mounted on said bottom face of said second plate member. 8. A lighting assembly as recited in claim 6 wherein said switch means includes a relay mounted on said bottom face of said second plate member. 9. A lighting assembly as recited in claim 6 wherein said light measuring means includes a photocell mounted on said top face of said second plate member. 10. A lighting assembly comprising: a shield including a first plate member having a front face and a rear face adapted for mounting engagement against a mounting surface and a second plate member having a top face and a bottom face, said second plate member being disposed in angled relation to said front face of said first plate member so that said front face and said bottom face of said respective first and second plate members channel light downward onto a surface below the mounting surface, at least one electric lamp supported in concealed relation between said front face of said first plate member and said bottom face of said second plate member, said lamp positioned and disposed for directing light downward onto a surface below the mounting surface. 11. A lighting assembly as recited in claim 10 wherein said lamp is mounted on said bottom face of said second plate member. 12. A lighting assembly as recited in claim 10 further including a power source interconnected to said electric lamp for supplying electric power to said lamp for operation thereof. 13. A lighting assembly as recited in claim 12 wherein said power source is mounted on said bottom face of said second plate member. 14. A lighting assembly as recited in claim 12 further including a solar panel structured and disposed to absorb light energy and convert said light energy into electric power for recharging said power source. 15. A lighting assembly as recited in claim 14 further including attachment means for attaching said solar panel to said top face of said second plate member, said attachment means including at least two grommets protruding from said solar panel and a corresponding number of mounting holes in said second plate member, said grommets being structured and disposed to lock in said mounting holes thereby securing said solar panel to said top face of said second plate member. 16. A lighting assembly as recited in claim 14 further including a relay interconnected to said solar panel, said power source and said lamp, said relay being structured to direct electric current flow between said power source and said lamp and between said solar panel and said power source. 17. A lighting assembly as recited in claim 16 wherein said relay is mounted on said bottom face and said second plate member. 18. A lighting assembly as recited in claim 16 further including a photocell, said photocell being interconnected to said relay for actuating said relay in response to a change between light and dark conditions in order to control direction of current flow from said power storage source to said lamp during dark conditions and from said solar panel to said power source during light conditions. 19. A lighting assembly as recited in claim 18 wherein said photocell is mounted on said top face of said second plate member. 