A method and apparatus for projecting multiple patches of full spectrum, rainbow colors to multiple, widely distributed locations is provided. The invention enables the display of such patches on a surface area toward which a source of light is directed, for example the walls and ceiling of a room from sunlight entering the room through a window in the room. The method and apparatus provide first for the refraction of the light from the source of light, and secondly for both the refraction and the reflection of the initially refracted light. The initially refracted light is projected onto a surface of the room as main multiple spectral patches; and the refracted-refracted light, and the reflected-refracted light are projected onto other surfaces of the room laterally of the main patches as additional spectral patches, creating in all, multiple spectral displays of full spectrum, rainbow colors nearly surrounding a viewer and changing in position and shapes with the movement of the sun or other light source.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for displaying spectral patches on a surface area toward which a source of light is directed comprising first means for converting light from the source of light into a first plurality of spectral patches and for projecting and displaying the patches of said first plurality of patches onto said surface area; and second means for converting part of the converted light from said first convening means into a second plurality of spectral patches, for projecting the spectral patches of said second plurality in a plurality of different directions, and for displaying the patches of said second plurality on said surface area. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said first means is capable of projecting the spectral patches converted thereby onto said surface area at a predetermined location, and wherein said second means is capable of projecting the spectral patches converted thereby onto said surface area at locations spaced from each other and from said predetermined location. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein said first means is a plurality of transparent prisms each having refracting faces radially spaced from an axis of their respective prism, and said prisms being in adjacent, spaced, side-by-side relationship to each other; and wherein said second means is a plurality of transparent prisms each having refracting and reflecting faces radially spaced from an axis of their respective prism, said prisms being in adjacent, spaced, side-by-side relation to each other and oriented transversely of the prisms of said first means. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein the prisms of the first means are oriented generally horizontally. 5. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein the prisms of the first means include intermediate prisms whose axes are in divergent-convergent relationship and an outside prism on one side of the intermediate prisms, the axis of the outside prism being substantially horizontal; and wherein the prisms of the second means include an intermediate prism and outside prisms on opposite sides of the intermediate prism of the second means and whose axes are in divergent-convergent relationship with each other. 6. An apparatus for projecting multiple spectral patches comprising first means for refracting light so that a part thereof projects a display of refracted spectral patches, second means for refracting a part of the refracted light from the first means so as to project doubly refracted spectral patches, and third means for reflecting another part of the refracted light from the first means so as to project a display of reflected-refracted spectral patches. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein the apparatus is capable of projecting said patches to multiple locations, said first means is capable of projecting a plurality of once-refracted spectral patches to a first location where they are distinguishable from each other, and said second and third means each being capable of projecting a plurality of reflected-refracted spectral patches and refracted-refracted spectral patches to locations different from each other and from said first location where the patches are distinguishable from each other and from the once-refracted patches. 8. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein said first means projects the refracted spectral patches to an intermediate location, wherein said second means projects reflected-refracted spectral patches to locations on both sides of said intermediate location, and wherein said third means projects said refracted-refracted spectral patches to locations on both sides of said intermediate location but different from the locations of said reflected-refracted spectral patches. 9. An apparatus for displaying spectra on a plurality of surfaces which are located in front and laterally of the apparatus comprising first and second groups of prisms, each prism being translucent and having angularly related faces spaced radially from a longitudinal axis of its prism, and means mounting the prisms so that the first group of prisms is in opposed spaced relation to the second group of prisms, so that the axes of the prisms in the first group are transverse to the axes of the prisms in the second group, and so that when light is directed at the first group of prisms, it is refracted by prisms in the first group and both refracted and reflected by prisms in the second group and thereby projected in a plurality of spectral patches in dispersed locations on said display surfaces. 10. The apparatus of claim 9 wherein each prism is made of optical glass or optical grade plastic. 11. An apparatus for displaying spectra on the walls of a room having a window through which the sun's rays are transmitted when the sun is shining, comprising a frame adapted to be placed in such a window; a primary group of elongated prisms mounted in the frame with their axes extending generally horizontally, and so as to be exposed to the sun's rays when the sun is shining, there being at least four prisms in said primary group arranged in side-by-side relation to each other so as to define at least one pair of upper and lower prisms and a pair of intermediate prisms, said upper and lower prisms being substantially horizontal and said intermediate prisms being in a convergent-divergent relationship to each other whereby light passing through the primary prisms is refracted into a plurality of spectral patches on a wall of the room in from of the prisms; and a secondary group of elongated prisms mounted in the frame in opposed relation to the prisms in the primary group with the axes of the secondary prisms extending generally vertically, there being at least three prisms in the secondary group arranged in side-by-side relation to each other so as to define a pair of outside prisms and an intermediate prism, said intermediate secondary prism being substantially vertical and said outside prisms being in a convergent-divergent relationship to each other whereby refracted light from the primary prism is both reflected and refracted by the secondary prisms into a plurality of spectral patches on walls of the room which are on opposite sides of the prisms. 12. An apparatus for projecting multiple spectral patches comprising a first group of light refracting members each having an axis and light refracting faces spaced about its axis, a second group of light refracting and reflecting members each having an axis and light refracting and reflecting faces spaced about its axis, and means mounting the groups in a grid pattern so that the first group of members is in opposed spaced relation to the second group of members and so that the axes of the second group of members are transverse to the axes of the first group of members whereby the members of the second group overlap the members of the first group to define a plurality of overlapping junctures each of which is identified with a spectral patch refracted or reflected from a member in the second group when light is directed at the members in the first group. 13. A light projecting apparatus, comprising: a plurality of elongated primary prisms of optical material having a generally common orientation, and a plurality of elongated secondary prisms of optical material positioned in opposed, spaced, overlapping relation to the primary prisms and having a generally common orientation transverse to the orientation of the primary prisms, each of said prisms being capable of refracting light which passes through the prism and of reflecting light incident to the prism, certain of said primary prisms being angularly related to the other primary prisms, and certain of said secondary prisms being angularly related to the other secondary prisms. 14. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein each of said prisms has an axis, wherein light is reflected and refracted from the prism generally perpendicularly to the axis of the prism, and wherein one or more of said prisms is rotatably adjustable about its axis. 15. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein there are at least four primary prisms including a pair of intermediate prisms in convergent-divergent relation to each other and a pair of outside prisms generally parallel to each other but angularly related to and on opposite sides of the intermediate prisms, and wherein there are at least three secondary prisms including an intermediate prism and a pair of outside prisms in convergent-divergent relation to each other on opposite sides of the intermediate secondary prism. 16. The apparatus is claim 15 where said intermediate secondary prism is generally perpendicular to the outside primary prism. 17. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein the prisms are elongated and have triangular cross sections, wherein the prisms in the primary group are in generally the same plane with each other, and wherein the prisms in the secondary group are in generally the same plane with each other, said planes being in spaced, generally parallel relation to each other. 18. A method of projecting multiple patches of full-spectrum rainbow colors to multiple locations, comprising the steps of refracting solar light to produce a first rainbow-colored display at a first location, refracting again part of the initially refracted light to produce a second rainbow-colored display at second and third locations relatively adjacent to and on opposite sides of the first location, and reflecting another part of the initially refracted light to produce a third rainbow-colored display at said second and third locations but spaced from said second display. 19. The method of claim 18 wherein each of said refracting and reflecting steps is performed to produce a multiplicity of their respective displays. 20. The method of claim 19 wherein the first refracting step produces a plurality of spaced rainbow-colored patches on the first location, wherein the second refracting step produces a plurality of spaced rainbow-colored patches on each of said second and third locations, and wherein the reflecting step produces a plurality of rainbow-colored patches on each of said second and third locations which are spaced from each other and from the spectral patches produced by the second refracting step. 21. The method of claim 18, including the further step of causing each display to change its position at its location while maintaining its location relative to the locations of the other displays. 22. The method of claim 18 including the further step of adjusting the angle at which light is projected to selected locations. 23. An apparatus for projecting multiple patches of full-spectrum rainbow colors to multiple locations, comprising: means for refracting light to produce a first rainbow-colored display at a first location, means for refracting again part of the initially refracted light to produce a second rainbow-colored display at second and third locations relatively adjacent to and on opposite sides of the first location, and means for reflecting another part of the initially refracted light to produce a third rainbow-colored display at said second and third locations but spaced from said second display. 24. An apparatus for projecting multiple patches of full-spectrum rainbow colors to multiple locations, comprising: a first group of elongated transversely spaced prisms of optical material, lying in substantially the same plane with their longitudinal dimensions having generally the same orientation; and a second group of elongated transversely spaced prisms, of optical material located in a generally common plane which is substantially parallel to the plane of the first group of prisms with the longitudinal dimensions of the prisms in the second group being oriented transversely of the prisms of the first group and being in opposed spaced relation thereto. 