A solar skylight is provided for collecting sunlight and dispersing the light within a building without the necessity for any roof penetrations of the building. The solar collector includes a base having a fixed portion and a rotatable portion and having a movable housing mounted to the rotatable portion of the base so that the solar collector housing can be rotated and moved up and down to aim the collector face towards the sun. A transparent cover that absorbs ultraviolet light and reflects infrared light is mounted over the front of the housing. A plurality of solar collectors are supported in a frame within the housing and aimed at the transparent cover for collecting solar energy passing therethrough. Each solar collector has a fresnel lens mounted on a mirrored, funnel shaped collector coupled to fiber optic cables for receiving the light collected by the solar collector. The fiber optic cables are combined into a bundle consisting of smaller bundled cables from each of the solar collectors and then passed through the collector housing and through a building transition for connection to a light dispersion unit. A light dispersion unit includes a light reflective interior built into the housing and a prismatic cover for dispersing light within a room in a building.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar energy collector and dispersion unit for providing light into a building without passing through the roof of the building comprising: a base; a housing movably mounted with shafts to said base, said housing having an open front portion and a closed rear portion; a transparent infrared blocking, ultraviolet absorbing cover mounted over said open front portion of said housing; a plurality of funnel shaped solar collectors supported in said housing and each aimed at said transparent cover for collecting solar energy passing through said transparent cover, each said solar collector having a fresnel lens thereon for directing solar energy thereinto; a plurality of fiber optic cables coupled to said solar collectors for receiving solar energy collected by said solar collectors, said plurality of fiber optic cables extending through said movable housing supporting shafts and extending into a building structure through the side wall of said building structure; and a light dispersion housing for mounting in a building and having said plurality of fiber optic cables extending thereinto for dispersion of the collected solar energy into said building, each said light dispersion housing having a light reflector therein and a prismatic cover thereover, whereby a solar skylight can be attached to a building without passing through the roof of a building. 2. A solar ray collector and dispersion unit for providing light to a building in accordance with claim 1 in which said plurality of fiber optic cables are bundled together. 3. A solar ray collector and dispersion unit for providing light to a building in accordance with claim 2 in which said base has a rotating housing support and means for rotating said housing support on a fixed base portion. 4. A solar energy collector and dispersion unit for providing light into a building without passing through the roof of the building comprising: a base having a housing support including means for rotating said housing support on a fixed base portion; a housing, means pivotally mounting said housing to said base housing support, said housing having an open front portion and a closed rear portion; a visible light transparent cover mounted over said open front portion of said housing, said transparent cover having a material thereon to block infrared light from passing therethrough and said transparent cover being of a material which absorbs ultraviolet light; a plurality of solar collectors supported in said housing and aimed at said transparent cover for collecting solar energy passing through said visible light transparent cover, each said solar collector unit being a funnel shaped collector having a reflective surface therein and each solar collection unit having a fresnel lens attached thereto to direct solar energy into the solar collector; a plurality of fiber optic cables, each one being coupled to one of said solar collectors for receiving solar energy collected by said solar collector, said plurality of fiber optic cables extending through said movable housing and extending into a building structure through the side wall of said building structure; and a light dispersion housing for mounting in a building and having said plurality of fiber optic cables extending thereinto for dispersion of the collected solar energy into said building whereby a solar skylight can be attached to a building without passing through the roof of a building. 5. A solar ray collector and dispersion unit for providing light to a building in accordance with claim 4 in which said plurality of fiber optic cables are bundled together. 