A three part security access arrangement in which the first part is associated with an authorized person in the form of, for example a belt buckle, the second part is attached to a valuable item, for example a wallet, and the third part is associated with an area of restricted access, such as a car. Access to the restricted area is denied unless all three parts are in close proximity. If either of the first or second parts are absent the third part will not allow access to the restricted area. The first and second parts incorporate means for providing an audible alarm if they are separated by greater than a pre-determined distance.
Claims I claim: 1. A security access arrangement comprising: a first part associated with an authorised person; a second part adapted to be attached to an item; and a third part associated with a restricted access area; wherein the first, second and third parts include equivalent electronic circuitry comprising: a signal transmitting means adapted to transmit coded signals; controller means in electrical connection with the signal transmitting means and adapted to supply coded signals to the signal transmitting means; signal receiving means in electrical connection with the controller means and adapted to receive coded signals and supply the received coded signals to the controller means; and a power supply adapted to power the operation of the signal transmitting means, signal receiving means and controller means; said first, second and third parts being separate from one another and being arranged such that access to the restricted area can only be obtained if the first, second and third parts are proximate one another. 2. The security access arrangement of claim 1 wherein said first and second parts are arranged such that an alarm is activated by the controller means if the controller means ceases to receive the coded signals from the signal receiving means due to the separation of the parts being greater than a pre-determined distance. 3. The security access arrangement as in claim 1 further including means for indicating when the separation between the first part and the second part exceed a pre-set range. 4. A security access arrangement including: a signal enabling tag adapted to be carried by an authorised person and adapted to transmit an enabling signal; a signal transmitting tag adapted to transmit a coded transmit signal and comprising signal enabling tag detection means adapted to detect the presence of the signal enabling tag; a signal receiver/controller means associated with an area of restricted access and adapted to receive signals from the signal transmitting tag when the signal transmitting tag is within a pre-set range and interpret the received signals and to activate one or more predetermined functions; said signal enabling tag, said signal transmitting tag and said signal receiver/controller means all being separate from one another; and, wherein the signal transmitting tag does not transmit the coded signal unless the signal enabling tag and the signal transmitting tag are proximate to one another. 5. The security access arrangement of claim 4 wherein the signal enabling tag, signal transmitting tag, and receiver/controller means each have the same electronic circuitry comprising: a signal transmitting means adapted to transmit a coded signal which is the enabling signal and coded transmit signal of the signal enabling tag and signal transmitting tag respectively; a controller means in electrical connection with the signal transmitting means and adapted to supply coded signals to the signal transmitting means; signal receiving means in electrical connection with the controller means and adapted to receive coded signals and supply the received coded signals to the controller means; and, a power supply adapted to power the operation of the signal transmitting means, signal receiving means, and controller means. 6. The security access arrangement of claim 5 wherein the controller means is a programmable microprocessor having a plurality of input lines and output lines and includes associated memory means. 7. The security access arrangement of claim 5 wherein the controller means is a programmable microprocessor having a plurality of input lines and output lines and includes associated memory means and further comprising one or more switches in electrical connection with the input lines of the controller means, said switches being adapted to provide signals to the controller means to enable one or more of a range of functions able to be provided by the controller means. 8. The security access arrangement of claim 5 wherein either or both of the signal enabling tag or the signal transmitting tag further comprises an alarm which is activated by the controller means of the respective tag if the separation between the signal enabling tag and the signal transmitting tag exceeds a pre-determined distance so that the controller means of the respective tag ceases to receive signals from the receiving means of the respective tag. 9. The security access arrangement of claim 5 wherein the controller means is adapted to perform one or more functions selected from the group including: control all timing; generate code sequences; decode code sequences; monitor switch operations; drive audible alerts; monitor power supply voltage; and implement low power mode. 10. The security access arrangement of claim 5 wherein the signal transmitting means transmits a low power, low duty cycle electromagnetic signal which is amplitude modulated by a code sequence generated by the controller means. 11. The security access arrangement of claim 5 wherein the signal receiving means is adapted to receive and demodulate signals received from the signal transmitting means. 12. The security access arrangement of claim 5 wherein the power supply comprises a battery and solar power conversion means arranged such that the solar power conversion means continuously charges the battery when the solar power conversion means is exposed to ambient light. 13. The security access arrangement of claim 4 wherein the signal enabling tag comprises a battery-free, radio frequency transponder that returns a coded signal in response to an interrogating pulse from the signal transmitting means of the signal transmitting tag. 14. The security access arrangement of claim 4 wherein the signal enabling tag comprises a power supply and a radio frequency transmitter that constantly transmits an identification coded signal. 15. The security access arrangement of claim 4 wherein the signal enabling tag comprises a power supply, a radio frequency receiver/transmitter and an encoder/decoder module. 16. The security access arrangement as in claim 4 further including means for indicating when the separation between the signal enabling tag and the signal transmitting tag exceed a pre-set range. 