An alarm for sensing different conditions of an ambient air presents a housing for an alarm circuit, the housing having lobes for first, second and third circuit sensors surrounding a single circuit alarm. The alarm circuit delivers the current to a logic chip which produces a current for sounding the alarm in different patterns according to the sensed air condition. The configuration of the housing depends the alarm below the housing proper so as not to interfere with the alarm sound. The housing allows the installation of three air condition sensors at one selected location.
Claims Having thus described the invention, what is claimed as new and desired to be secured by Letters Patent is as follows: 1. An alarm for sensing a plurality of conditions of an ambient air comprising: a housing, said housing having a generally triangular configuration and including: first, second and third lobes at corners of said housing; perforations in a lower surface of said housing and at said lobes for passage of the ambient air therethrough; a perforated central portion in said lower surface of said housing for passage of sound therethrough; an alarm circuit in said housing comprising: a power source for said circuit; an alarm adjacent said central portion of said housing; an air sensor in each respective lobe, each sensor causing a particular current flow to sound said alarm upon sensing a predetermined condition of the ambient air, the alarm sound passing through said central portion. 2. The system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said alarm circuit further comprises logic means intermediate said sensors and said alarm, said logic means delivering a current to energize said alarm according to said particular current flow received from said sensors. 3. The system as claimed in claim 1 wherein one of said sensors monitors a carbon monoxide condition of the ambient air. 4. The system as claimed in claim 1 wherein one of said sensors monitors a temperature condition of the ambient air. 5. The system as claimed in claim 1 wherein one of said sensors monitors a smoke condition of the ambient air. 6. The system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said alarm circuit further comprises at least one solar cell interposed in said housing between said housing lobes for converting outside light energy into electrical energy for charging said power source. 7. The system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said central portion of said housing depends below said lobes, whereby said housing does not interfere with said alarm sound. 8. A device for containing an alarm circuit comprising: a housing, said housing having a generally triangular configuration and including: first, second and third lobes at corners of said housing for containing ambient air sensors of the alarm circuit; apertures in a lower surface of said housing and at said lobes for passage of the ambient air therethrough and onto the sensors; a perforated central portion in said lower surface of said housing for passage of sound therethrough from an alarm of the circuit; and means for mounting said housing to a selected surface. 9. The device as claimed in claim 8 wherein said central portion depends below said lobes. 10. The device as claimed in claim 8 wherein said housing further comprises a sidewall extending between said lobes, said sidewall presenting an aperture between said lobes for entry of light therethrough and onto a solar cell of the circuit. 11. An alarm for sensing a plurality of conditions of an ambient air comprising: a housing, said housing having a configuration presenting a plurality of spaced apart lobes; perforations in said lobes for passage of the ambient air therethrough; a perforated central portion in said lower surface of said housing encompassed by said lobes for passage of sound therethrough; an alarm circuit in said housing comprising: a power source for said circuit; an alarm adjacent said central portion of said housing; an ambient air sensor respectively positioned in each lobe, each of said sensors causing a particular current flow to sound upon sensing a predetermined condition of the ambient air, the alarm sound passing through said central portion. 12. The system as claimed in claim 11 wherein said alarm circuit further comprises logic means intermediate said sensors and said alarm, said logic means delivering a current to energize said alarm according to said particular current flow caused by said sensors. 13. The system as claimed in claim 11 wherein one of said sensors monitors a carbon monoxide condition of the ambient air. 14. The system as claimed in claim 11 wherein one of said sensors monitors a temperature condition of the ambient air. 15. The system as claimed in claim 11 wherein one of said sensors monitors a smoke condition of the ambient air. 16. The system as claimed in claim 11 wherein said circuit further comprises at least one solar cell interposed in said housing between said housing lobes for converting outside light energy into electrical energy for charging said power source. 17. The system as claimed in claim 11 wherein said central portion of said housing depends below said lobes, whereby said housing does not interfere with said alarm sound. 