A sports board (e.g., a snowboard, ski, or surfboard) has a sensor panel comprising a plurality of individual sensors on a surface thereof such that deflection or vibration of surface of the sports board due to contact with a surface of the medium being ridden (e.g. snow or water) causes the individual sensors of the sensor panel to detect such contact. Each sensor on the sensor panel may be a simple switch, piezoelectric sensor, strain gauge, or a variable resistance type sensor. The sensors are monitored so as to detect the points of contact of the lower surface of the sports board with the snow or water. Detailed information related to the contact between the sports board and the snow or water is processed so as to provide auditory, visual or training information.
Claims I claim: 1. A sporting device responsive to contact with a medium being ridden, said sporting device comprising: a sports board for traversing a medium to be ridden, said sports board having an upper surface for contact with a rider of said sports board and said sports board having a surface which is ridden on said medium; a sensor panel on said sports board and formed to be responsive to contact of said sports board with said ridden surface, said sensor panel comprising: a plurality of sensors, each of said plurality of sensors providing an electrical signal indicating a stressed condition of a respective area of said ridden surface of said sports board corresponding to a respective one of said plurality of sensors as said sports board is traversed on said medium. 2. A sporting device according to claim 1, wherein: said sports board is one of a snowboard, an alpine ski, a nordic ski, a water ski, a flat surfaced sled, a surfboard, and a wind surfer. 3. A sporting device according to claim 1, further comprising: a control module to process said electrical signal of each of said plurality of sensors into at least one of digitized data, auditory, visual and tactile information. 4. A sporting device according to claim 3, further comprising: a solar panel for providing electrical power to said control module. 5. A sporting device according to claim 1, wherein: said sensor panel is formed within said sports board with said ridden surface of said sports board providing protection to said sensor panel from direct contact with said medium. 6. A sporting device according to claim 1, wherein: said plurality of sensors are provided on said sensor panel in a higher density along opposite longitudinal peripheral edges of said sensor panel than in a longitudinal center portion of said sensor panel. 7. A sporting device according to claim 1, wherein: said plurality of sensors include piezoelectric sensors. 8. A sporting device according to claim 1, wherein: said plurality of sensors include contact switches. 9. A sporting device according to claim 1, wherein: said plurality of sensors include sensors having a variable resistance. 10. A sporting device comprising: a base layer, said base layer including a ridden surface which makes contact with an external medium; a deck layer having an upper layer forming an uppermost surface of said sports board; a core layer between an inner surface of said base layer and an inner surface of said deck layer; and a sensor panel between said upper surface of said deck layer and said ridden surface of said base layer, said sensor panel comprising: a plurality of sensors, each of said plurality of sensors providing an electrical signal indicating a stressed condition of a respective area of said ridden surface of said sports board corresponding to a respective one of said plurality of sensors as said sports board is traversed on said external medium. 11. A sporting device according to claim 10, wherein: a location of said sensor panel is one of between said inner surface of said base layer and a surface of said core layer, encompassed within said base layer, and encompassed within said core layer. 12. A sporting device according to claim 10, wherein: said plurality of sensors are provided on said sensor panel in a higher density along opposite longitudinal peripheral edges of said sensor panel than in a longitudinal center portion of said sensor panel. 13. A sporting device according to claim 10, wherein: said plurality of sensors include piezoelectric sensors. 14. A sporting device according to claim 10, wherein: said plurality of sensors include contact switches. 15. A sporting device according to claim 10, wherein: said plurality of sensors include sensors having a variable resistance. 16. A sporting device according to claim 10, further comprising: a control module to process said electrical signal of each of said plurality of sensors into at least one of digitized data, auditory, visual and tactile information. 17. A sporting device according to claim 10, wherein: said sensor panel is disposed on said deck layer just under said upper layer of said deck layer. 18. A sporting device according to claim 10, further comprising: a visual display receiving said electrical signal to provide visual information regarding said stressed condition of said sporting device. 19. A method of sensing contact of a sporting device with a medium being ridden, said method comprising steps of: providing a sports board with a plurality of sensors on a surface thereof, each of said plurality of sensors providing a signal indicating a stressed condition of a respective area of a ridden surface of said sports board corresponding to a respective one of said plurality of sensors as said sports board is traversed on said medium; continuously monitoring said plurality of sensors; and processing stress information obtained from said plurality of sensors into sensory information. 20. A method of sensing contact of a sporting device with a medium according to claim 19, wherein said step of processing said contact information includes a step of: mapping said stress information into at least one of digitized data, auditory, visual and tactile information. 21. A method of sensing contact of a sporting device with a medium according to claim 19, wherein: said stress information is processed into a display signal which illuminates a visual display on said sporting device in correspondence with said stressed condition of said sports board due to said contact with said medium. 22. A method of sensing contact of a sporting device with a medium according to claim 19, wherein: said stress information is processed through a resistor. 23. A method of sensing contact of a sporting device with a medium according to claim 19, comprising a further step of: conveying tactile information to a user of said sporting device. 24. A sporting device responsive to contact with a medium being ridden, said sporting device comprising: a sports board for traversing a medium to be ridden, said sports board having an upper surface for contact with a rider of said sports board and having a ridden surface for contact with said medium to be ridden; sensor panel means, disposed to sense stress in said sports board due to contact with said ridden surface, for sensing said stress in said sports board due to contact of said ridden surface of said sports board with said medium being ridden, said sensor panel means comprising: a plurality of sensor means, each of said plurality of sensor means providing an electrical signal indicating a stressed condition of a respective area of said ridden surface of said sports board corresponding to a respective one of said plurality of sensor means as said sports board is traversed on said medium. 25. A sporting device according to claim 24, further comprising: control module means for processing said electrical signal of each of said plurality of sensor means into at least one of digitized data, auditory, visual and tactile information. 26. A sporting device comprising: a sports board for traversing a medium to be ridden, said sports board having an upper surface for contact with a rider and said sports board having a surface which is ridden on said medium; a sensor panel encapsulated within said upper surface of said sports board, said sensor panel being responsive to stress applied to said ridden surface of said sports board, said sensor panel comprising: a plurality of piezoelectric sensors providing an electrical signal indicating a stressed condition of predetermined areas of said sports board corresponding to said plurality of piezoelectric sensors as said sports board is traversed on said medium. 27. A sporting device according to claim 26, further comprising: a visual display receiving said electrical signal to provide visual information indicating said stressed condition of said predetermined areas of said sports board. 28. A sporting device according to claim 26, wherein: said sports board is a ski. 29. A method of sensing contact of a sporting device with a medium being ridden, said method comprising steps of: providing a sports board with a plurality of piezoelectric sensors encapsulated adjacent a surface thereof, each of said plurality of piezoelectric sensors providing an electrical signal indicating a stressed condition of said sports board corresponding to a respective one of said plurality of piezoelectric sensors as said sports board is traversed on said medium; and continuously monitoring said plurality of piezoelectric sensors to detect said stressed condition. 30. A method of sensing contact of a sporting device with said medium being ridden according to claim 29, wherein said method comprises a further step of: illuminating a visual display on said sports board in response to a predetermined level of said stressed condition of said sports board. 