A bubble device for simulating the flow of liquid through a transparent tube, the device including an upper reservoir, a lower reservoir, a bubble generation section, a bubble refining section and an interconnecting transparent tube containing a volatile liquid therein. When the lower reservoir is heated and the upper reservoir is cooled, the volatile liquid is driven from the lower reservoir by the presence of heated vapor of the volatile liquid. Eventually, the heated vapor expands to the bubble generation section whereby bubbles are generated and caused to pass through the bubble refining section to break up the bubbles into smaller bubbles which travel upward through the transparent tube. A control circuit is used to maintain a constant temperature differential between the upper and lower reservoirs in order to ensure the proper and continued operation of the device.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A device for simulating the travel of liquid up a tube, said device comprising: a lower reservoir in thermal contact with heat producing means and substantially filled, under steady state operation, with vapor of a volatile liquid; a bubble generation section external to said lower reservoir and connected to said lower reservoir for producing bubbles in said volatile liquid upon receiving vapor from said lower reservoir; a bubble refining section connected to said bubble generation section for decreasing the size of said bubbles; a bubble transfer tube connected to said bubble refining section for transferring the bubbles from said bubble refining section; and an upper reservoir connected to said bubble transfer tube and in thermal contact with heat removal means, said upper reservoir receiving and condensing bubbles from said bubble transfer tube. 2. The device of claim 1, further comprising control means to control the quantity of heat transferred by at least one of said heat producing means and said heat removal means. 3. The device of claim 2, wherein said control means further comprises thermal sensing means to sense the temperature of at least one of said lower and upper reservoirs. 4. The device of claim 2, wherein said control means is connected between a source of electrical power and at least one of said heat producing means and said heat removal means. 5. The device of claim 1, wherein said heat producing means comprises an electrical resistance. 6. The device of claim 1 wherein said heat producing means comprises a thermoelectric device. 7. The device of claim 1 wherein said heat removal means comprises an electric fan. 8. The device of claim 1 wherein said heat removal means comprises a thermoelectric device. 9. The device of claim 1 wherein said heat removal means includes a mass of thermally conductive wires in thermal contact with air. 10. The device of claim 1, wherein said bubble transfer tube has a plurality of narrow tubes contained therein. 11. The device of claim 1, wherein at least one of said heat producing means and said heat removal means is powered by a solar cell. 12. The device of claim 1, wherein the cross-sectional area of said bubble transfer tube is smaller than the cross-sectional area of each of said upper reservoir and said lower reservoir. 13. The device of claim 1, wherein said bubble refining section comprises a series of refining stages of successively smaller and smaller apertures. 14. The device of claim 1, wherein said bubble refining section comprises at least one of: a wad of glass wool, stones, apertured cubes and tubes. 15. A method for causing a plurality of tiny bubbles to rise in a tube, comprising: applying heat to a lower reservoir substantially filled with vapor of a volatile liquid; causing the formation of lame bubbles in a bubble generation section from vapor derived from said lower reservoir; passing said large bubbles through a bubble refining section to create tiny bubbles; passing said tiny bubbles through said tube and thence into an upper reservoir; and condensing said tiny bubbles by removing heat from said upper reservoir. 16. The method of claim 15 for causing a plurality of tiny bubbles to rise in a tube, further comprising control means for monitoring the temperature in at least one of said lower and upper reservoirs and controlling the quantity of heat transferred in said steps of applying heat and removing heat. 17. The device of claim 16, wherein said control means is connected between a source of electrical power and at least one of said heat producing means and said heat removal means. 18. A device for simulating the travel of liquid up a tube; said device comprising; a lower reservoir in thermal contact with heat producing means and substantially filled, under steady state operation, with vapor of a volatile liquid; a bubble generation section external to said lower reservoir and connected to said lower reservoir for producing bubbles in said volatile liquid upon receiving vapor from said lower reservoir; a bubble refining section connected to said bubble generation section for decreasing the size of said bubbles; a bubble transfer tube connected to said bubble refining section for transferring the bubbles from said bubble refining section; an upper reservoir connected to said bubble transfer tube and in thermal contact with heat removal means, said upper reservoir receiving and condensing bubbles from said bubble transfer tube; and control means for controlling at least one of the quantity of heat transferred to said lower reservoir by said heat producing means and the amount of heat transferred from said upper reservoir by said heat removal means. 19. The device of claim 18, wherein said control means further comprises thermal sensing means to sense the temperature of at least one of said lower and upper reservoirs. 20. The device of claim 18, wherein said heat producing means comprises an electrical resistance. 21. The device of claim 18, wherein said heat producing means comprises a thermoelectric device. 22. The device of claim 18, wherein said heat removal means comprises an electric fan. 23. The device of claim 18, wherein said heat removal means comprises a thermoelectric device. 24. The device of claim 18, wherein said heat removal means includes a mass of thermally conductive wires in thermal contact with air. 25. The device of claim 18, wherein said bubble transfer tube has a plurality of narrow tubes contained therein. 26. The device of claim 18, wherein at least one of said heat producing means, said heat removal means, and said control means is powered by a solar cell. 27. The device of claim 18, wherein the cross-sectional area of said bubble transfer tube is smaller than the cross-sectional are of each of said upper reservoir and said lower reservoir. 28. The device of claim 18, wherein said control means is connected between a source of electrical power and at least one of said heat producing means and said heat removal means. 29. The device of claim 18, wherein said bubble refining section comprises a series of refining stages of successively smaller and smaller apertures. 30. The device of claim 18, wherein said bubble refining section comprises at least one of: a wad of glass wool, stones, apertured cubes and tubes. 31. A device for simulating the travel of liquid up a tube, said device comprising: a lower reservoir in thermal contact with heat producing means and substantially filled, under steady state operation, with vapor of a volatile liquid; a bubble generation section external to said lower reservoir and connected to said lower reservoir for producing bubbles in said volatile liquid upon receiving vapor from said lower reservoir; a bubble refining section connected to said bubble generation section for decreasing the size of said bubbles; a bubble transfer tube connected to said bubble refining section for transferring the bubbles from said bubble refining section; and an upper reservoir connected to said bubble transfer tube and in thermal contact with heat removal means, said upper reservoir receiving and condensing bubbles from said bubble transfer tube wherein said heat removal means includes a porous mass of heat dissipation material presenting a large surface area in contact with ambient air. 32. The device of claim 31, wherein said heat producing means comprises an electrical resistance. 33. The device of claim 31, wherein said heat producing means comprises a thermoelectric device. 34. The device of claim 31, wherein said heat removal means includes an electric fan for forcing air through said mass of porous heat dissipation material. 35. The device of claim 31, wherein at least one of said heat producing means and said heat removal means is powered by a solar cell. 36. The device of claim 31, wherein the cross-sectional area of said bubble transfer tube is smaller than the cross-sectional area of each of said upper reservoir and said lower reservoir. 37. The device of claim 31, wherein said bubble refining section comprises a series of refining stages of successively smaller and smaller apertures. 38. The device of claim 31, wherein said bubble refining section comprises at least one of: a wad of glass wool, stones, apertured cubes and tubes. 39. A device for simulating the travel of liquid up a tube, said device comprising: a lower reservoir in thermal contact with heat producing means; a bubble generation area external to said lower reservoir and connected to said lower reservoir for producing bubbles in a volatile fluid upon application of heat from said heat producing means; a bubble refining area connected to said bubble generation area for refining the size of said bubbles; a bubble transfer tube for transferring the bubbles from said bubble refining area; an upper reservoir connected to said bubble transfer tube and in thermal contact with heat removal means, said upper reservoir receiving and condensing bubbles from said bubble transfer tube; and wherein at least a portion of the wall of said lower reservoir comprises thermally insulating material and at least a portion of the wall of said upper reservoir comprises thermally conducting material. 40. A device for simulating the travel of liquid up a tube, said device comprising: a lower reservoir in thermal contact with heat producing means; a bubble generation area connected to said lower reservoir for producing bubbles in a volatile fluid upon application of heat from said heat producing means; a bubble refining area connected to said bubble generation area for refining the size of said bubbles; a bubble transfer tube for transferring the bubbles from said bubble refining area; an upper reservoir connected to said bubble transfer tube and in thermal contact with heat removal means, said upper reservoir receiving and condensing bubbles from said bubble transfer tube; control means for controlling at least one of a quantity of heat transferred to said lower reservoir by said heat removal means; and wherein at least a portion of the wall of said lower reservoir comprises thermally insulating material and at least a portion of the wall of said upper reservoir comprises thermally conducting material. 41. A device for simulating the travel of liquid up a tube, said device comprising: a lower reservoir in thermal contact with heat producing means; a bubble generation area connected to said lower reservoir for producing bubbles in a volatile fluid upon application of heat from said heat producing means; a bubble refining area for refining the size of said bubbles; a bubble transfer tube connected to said bubble refining area for transferring the bubbles from said bubble refining area; an upper reservoir connected to said bubble transfer tube and in thermal contact with heat removal means, said upper reservoir receiving and condensing bubbles from said bubble transfer tube wherein said heat removal means includes a porous mass of heat dissipation material presenting a large surface area in contact with ambient air; and wherein at least a portion of the wall of said lower reservoir comprises thermally insulating material and at least a portion of the wall of said upper reservoir in contact with said porous mass of heat dissipation material comprises thermally conducting material. 42. A method for causing a plurality of tiny bubbles to rise in a tube, comprising: heating a lower reservoir filled with a volatile liquid and its vapor to thereby cause said liquid to move from said reservoir into a bubble generating section, a bubble refining section, a bubble transfer tube, and an upper reservoir; causing the formation of large bubbles in said bubble generating section by the continued heating of said lower reservoir, said bubble generating section being external to said lower reservoir but in communication therewith; passing said large bubbles from said bubble generating section through said bubble refining section, filled with said volatile liquid, by the continued heating of said lower reservoir so that tiny bubbles are created in said bubble refining section, said bubble refining section being in communication with said bubble generating section; passing said tiny bubbles through said bubble transfer tube, filled with said volatile liquid, and into said upper reservoir, partially filled with said volatile liquid, by the continued heating of said lower reservoir, said bubble transfer tube being in communication with said bubble refining section and said upper reservoir being external to said bubble transfer tube but in communication therewith; and removing heat from said upper reservoir to condense said tiny bubbles therein. 43. The method of claim 42, further comprising using a control means for monitoring the temperature in at least one of said lower and upper reservoirs and controlling the quantity of heat in said steps of heating said lower reservoir and removing heat from said upper reservoir. 44. The method of claim 43, wherein said control means is connected between a source of electrical power and at least one of said heat producing means and said heat removal means. 