The present invention provides for an air, sea, or land deployed rapid response, self-propelled, autonomous or semi-autonomous marine vehicle (AMV) possessing a pair of extendible hydraulic cylinders encased in a pneumatic inflation chute, with an ability to be directed toward, and to autonomously seek out and recover physically restricted persons in peril from an aqueous environment. The AMV uses video, thermal, and audio sensors to actively and autonomously detect persons floating in an aqueous environment, and can be directed to a person or persons in distress on the sea surface through an aircraft, ship, or shore mounted, GPS linked, laser targeting system. The present invention also possesses the ability to provide life support functions, propulsive mobility, and two way real-time radio frequency and satellite based voice, video and data telemetry with the rescue aircraft, ship, or shore based coordination center responsible for deploying, operating, or monitoring the AMV.
Claims I claim: 1. A marine personnel rescue system and apparatus for rescuing persons in peril comprising: (a) an autonomous marine vehicle apparatus comprising: a rigid hull shaped to form a concavity having first and second sides, the two sides being joined by a bow and a stern, and having an upper periphery around the first and second sides, and the bow and stern, the concavity forming an interior and an exterior, the interior forming an interior hull surface and forming at least one interior chamber; a first and second foldable rigid hull wings hingedly attached to the first and second sides of the rigid hull; an inflatable hull and weather hood assembly adhesively attached to the upper periphery of the rigid hull and the foldable rigid hull wings and forming an interior cabin space, the interior cabin space being defined by a generally vertical sidewall having a top, the generally vertical sidewall also having an interior hood surface and an exterior surface; a power pack means attached to the interior hull surface in one interior chamber of the rigid hull; a propulsion means coupled to the power pack means; means for control including navigation and collision avoidance; means for communication to and from the persons in peril; means for electrical generation; means for compressing air; means for storing compressed air; transom means; (b) a personnel recovery means, proximately secured to the transom means of the autonomous marine vehicle apparatus, for recovery of the persons in peril; (c) a targeting and sensor array means for detecting the persons in peril; (d) a sensor array control means for controlling the targeting and sensor array means; and (e) a deployment means for launching the autonomous marine vehicle apparatus. 2. The marine personnel rescue system and apparatus as specified in claim one further comprising: (a) means for desalination of salt water; (b) means for storing fresh water; (c) means for sensing water quality; and (d) means for fire protection. 3. The marine personnel rescue system and apparatus as specified in claim one further comprising: (a) at least one bulkhead having a top edge positioned transversely to the first and second sides of the rigid hull forming at least two chambers interior; (b) a deck panel having at least one opening connected to the top edge of the bulkhead and contiguous with and connected to the upper periphery of the rigid hull, the deck panel forming the interior of the rigid hull into an enclosed cavity below; (c) sealing means for making the enclosed cavity below watertight; (d) at least one towing eyelet attached to the rigid hull. 4. The marine personnel rescue system and apparatus as specified in claim one further comprising: (a) at least one window means, positioned on the generally vertical sidewall of the inflatable hull and weather hood assembly, for outside visibility from the interior cabin; (b) access means for personnel ingress and egress into the inflatable hull and weather hood assembly; (c) window flap means for covering the window means; (d) access flap means for covering the access means; (e) sealing means for window flap means; (f) sealing means for access flap means; and (g) grab ropes mounted to the exterior surface of the inflatable hull and weather hood surface. 5. The marine personnel rescue system and apparatus as specified in claim one wherein the inflatable hull and weather hood assembly is generally comprised of a fireproof material. 6. The marine personnel rescue system and apparatus as specified in claim one wherein the power pack means comprises: (a) at least one fuel supply reservoir positioned and mounted in the interior chamber of the rigid hull; (b) an internal combustion engine positioned and mounted in the interior chamber of the rigid hull and operably connected to the fuel supply reservoir by a connecting tube; (c) a remote air intake port, positioned so as to intake a minimal amount of water, operably connected to internal combustion engine by an air supply tube; (d) separation means, operably connected between the remote air intake port and the internal combustion engine, for separating air and water; and (e) means for one-way exhaust from the internal combustion engine. 7. The marine personnel rescue system and apparatus as specified in claim one wherein the propulsion means comprises at least one propulsion thruster assembly rotatably coupled to the power pack means. 8. The marine personnel rescue system and apparatus as specified in claim one wherein the means for control including navigation and collision avoidance comprise: (a) a CPU computer module housing disposed within the interior cabin space; (a1) a CPU computer module disposed within the CPU computer module housing; (b) an ARGOS satellite store and transmit data telemetry card disposed within the CPU computer module housing; (c) a STARSYS/INMARSAT/IRRIDIUM two-way satellite card disposed within the CPU computer module housing; (d) a GPS satellite dynamic self positioning and tracking card disposed within the CPU computer module housing; (e) a thermal sensor signal processing card disposed within the CPU computer module housing; (f) an audio signal processing card disposed within the CPU computer module housing; (g) means for computer memory storage disposed within the CPU computer module housing; (h) means for two-way RF data and voice transceiver communication electrically connected to the CPU computer module housing; (i) means for sonar depth sounding; (j) means for radar sensing; and (k) software means for expert system control of autonomous marine vehicle apparatus. 9. The marine personnel rescue system and apparatus as specified in claim one wherein the means for communication to and from the persons in peril comprise: (a) a rigid antenna housing attached to the top of the inflatable hull and weather hood assembly, the rigid antenna housing having a top surface and a bottom surface, the top surface being external to the autonomous marine vehicle apparatus and the bottom surface being internal to the autonomous marine vehicle apparatus; (b) a photovoltaic cell array operably mounted to the external surface of the rigid antenna housing; (c) antenna means for transmitting telemetry data operably mounted to the external surface of the rigid antenna housing; (d) means for two-way audio communication operably mounted to the internal surface of the rigid antenna housing; and (e) means for two-way video communication operably mounted to the internal surface of the rigid antenna housing. 10. The marine personnel rescue system and apparatus as specified in claim 9 wherein the rigid antenna housing further comprises: (a) means for lifting by helicopter attached to the exterior of rigid antenna housing; (b) means for securing a rigid support weight transfer device; (c) video camera means operably mounted to the external surface of the rigid antenna housing; (d) lighting means operably mounted to the external surface of the rigid antenna housing; (e) lighting means operably mounted to the internal surface of the rigid antenna housing; (f) self righting means operably mounted to the external surface of the rigid antenna housing; (g) radome antenna housing means operably mounted to external surface of the rigid antenna housing; (h) means for LCD video display operably mounted to the internal surface of the rigid antenna housing; (i) means for sensing audio signals operably mounted to the external surface of the rigid antenna housing; (j) means for sensing thermal-infra red operably mounted to the external surface of the rigid antenna housing; (k) means for washing operably mounted to the external surface of the rigid antenna housing; and (l) megaphone means operably mounted to the external surface of the rigid antenna housing. 11. The marine personnel rescue system and apparatus as specified in claim one wherein the personnel recovery means comprises: (a) a hydraulic pump means positioned and operably mounted in the interior chamber of the rigid hull; (b) a hydraulically extendible cylinder arm assembly rotatably attached to the stern of the rigid hull assembly, the hydraulically extendible cylinder arm assembly being operably connected to the hydraulic pump means by hydraulic tubing; (c) an inflatable recovery chute attached to and surrounding the hydraulically extendible cylinder arm assembly, the inflatable recovery chute being operably connected to the air compressor means by air tubing; and (d) a recovery chute rapid inflation lift bag attached below and to the inflatable recovery chute, the recovery chute rapid inflation lift bag being operably connected to the means for storing compressed air by air tubing. 12. The marine personnel rescue system and apparatus as specified in claim one wherein the targeting and sensor array means comprises: (a) a mounting pylon disposed within the vicinity of the person in peril; (b) a Sensar tube mounting rack generally vertically rotatably coupled to the mounting pylon, the Sensar tube mounting rack having at least one generally horizontal Sensar tube mounting platform rotatably coupled to the Sensar tube mounting rack; (c) at least one Sensar tube attached to the horizontal Sensar tube mounting platform; (d) a stepper motor means, operably coupled to the Sensar tube mounting rack, for effecting rotation of the Sensar tube mounting rack in the generally vertical plane; (e) a stepper motor means, operably coupled to the horizontal Sensar tube mounting platform, for effecting rotation of the Sensar tube mounting platform in the generally horizontal plane; (f) at least one sensor operably mounted internal to the Sensar tube, the sensor receiving sensed data from the vicinity of the person in peril; (g) means for electrically transmitting the sensed data to the sensory array control means; and (h) means for electrically receiving control data from the sensor array control means. 13. The marine personnel rescue system and apparatus as specified in claim one wherein the sensor array control means comprises: (a) means for receiving data from the targeting and sensor array means; (b) means for processing the received data; (c) means for effecting control of the targeting and sensor array means; and (d) means for electrically transmitting control data to the targeting and sensor array means. 14. The marine personnel rescue system and apparatus as specified in claim one wherein the deployment means for launching the autonomous marine vehicle apparatus comprises: (a) a deployment casing enclosing the autonomous marine vehicle apparatus; and (b) a launch means removably contacting and guiding the deployment casing. 15. The marine personnel rescue system and apparatus as specified in claim fourteen wherein the deployment casing is generally prolate in shape, comprising: (a) a rear cone section; (b) a forward section demountably attached to the rear cone section; (c) actuator means for separating the rear cone section from the forward section; and (d) means for mounting to aircraft. 16. The marine personnel rescue system and apparatus as specified in claim fourteen wherein the deployment casing is generally prolate in shape, comprising: (a) a top casing section; (b) a bottom casing section demountably attached to the top casing section; and (c) means for separating the top casing section from the bottom casing section. 17. The marine personnel rescue system and apparatus as specified in claim fourteen wherein the launch means comprises deployment from an externally-mounted air deployment apparatus. 18. The marine personnel rescue system and apparatus as specified in claim fourteen wherein the launch means comprises deployment from an internally-mounted air deployment apparatus. 19. The marine personnel rescue system and apparatus as specified in claim fourteen wherein the launch means comprises a shore-mounted launch deployment apparatus. 20. The marine personnel rescue system and apparatus as specified in claim fourteen wherein the launch means comprises an oil rig mounted launch apparatus. 21. The marine personnel rescue system and apparatus as specified in claim fourteen wherein the launch means comprises a ship mounted launch apparatus. 22. The marine personnel rescue system and apparatus as specified in claim seventeen wherein the externally-mounted air deployment apparatus comprises a Ter-7 triple ejector bomb rack. 23. The marine personnel rescue system and apparatus as specified in claim seventeen wherein the externally-mounted air deployment apparatus comprises a BRU-11 bomb rack. 