A cradle and concentrator dish for solar powered high pressure steam generation is described. The cradle permits the dish to rotate around the declination axis to follow the sun through its seasonal motions. The cradle with the dish rotates around the polar axis to follow the sun through its daily motions. The cradle is formed from two tetrahedra. Both axes of rotation lie behind the reflective surface of the dish. The dish has declination axis bearings mounted well away from its rear surface on a separate structure designed to connect the dish to the bearings. The cradle and dish combination allow tubes carrying fluid to and from a receiver mounted over the dish to accommodate the rotation of the cradle and dish by elastic torsion of the tubes.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for generating steam using solar energy comprising: a concentrator dish for intercepting, concentrating, and focusing the solar energy in a first focal area, the dish having a reflective front surface and bracing members extending a predetermined distance behind the reflective surface of the dish, the concentrator dish rotating about a declination axis and a polar axis, both axes being located behind the concentrator dish; a receiver mounted on the concentrator dish at the first focal area for receiving the solar energy focused by the concentrator dish and for transferring the solar energy to a working fluid; a cradle forming a gimbal mount for mounting the concentrator dish and the receiver, the cradle being movable around a polar axis and permitting the concentrator dish and its bracing members to move around both a polar axis and a declination axis within the cradle, the cradle comprising nine members, all members experiencing only axial loads; a solar tracking system to maintain a solar image upon the receiver; a computer controlled positioning system to maintain the dish's position in the absence of the solar image; a first reversible drive system coupled to the cradle for driving the concentrator dish around the polar axis; a second reversible drive system coupled to the concentrator dish for driving the concentrator dish around the declination axis; and a plumbing system mounted on the cradle and concentrator dish and coupled to the receiver and carrying cool working fluid to the receiver and heated working fluid from the receiver to the load. 2. A cradle for a solar concentrator dish, the cradle permitting the dish to move around a polar axis and a declination axis, the cradle comprised of nine members, the members having a first and a second end, the nine members forming a first and a second tetrahedron, each tetrahedron having six edges and four vertices, the first tetrahedron comprising the first, second, third, fourth, fifth, and sixth members and the first tetrahedron's vertices comprising: a first vertex comprising the first ends of the first, second, and third members; a second vertex comprising the second end of the first member, the first end of the fourth member, and the first end of the sixth member; a third vertex comprising the second ends of the second and sixth members and the first end of the fifth member; and a fourth vertex comprising the second ends of the third, fourth, and fifth members; the second tetrahedron comprising the fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth members and the second tetrahedron's vertices comprising: a first vertex comprising the first ends of the seventh, eighth, and ninth members; a second vertex comprised of the second end of the seventh member and the first ends of the fourth and sixth members; a third vertex comprised of the second end of the sixth and eighth member and the first end of the fifth member; and a fourth vertex comprised of the second ends of the fourth, fifth, and ninth members. 3. The cradle of claim 2 wherein the second, third, and fourth vertices of the first tetrahedron and the second, third, and fourth vertices of the second tetrahedron are the same points in space and the fourth, fifth, and sixth edges of the first and second tetrahedrons are identical. 4. The cradle of claim 3 wherein the sixth edge of the first and second tetrahedrons comprises the declination axis of the cradle. 5. The cradle of claim 4 wherein a concentrator dish having a reflective front surface and a declination axis and bearing behind the reflective front surface is mounted on the cradle so that the declination bearing of the concentrator dish forms the sixth edge of the first and second tetrahedrons. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein the cradle and its nine members are assembled to form two tetrahedrons, each tetrahedron having six edges and four vertices, the first tetrahedron comprising the first, second, third, fourth, fifth, and sixth members and the first tetrahedron's vertices comprising: a first vertex comprising the first ends of the first, second, and third members; a second vertex comprising the second end of the first member, the first end of the fourth member, and the first end of the sixth member; a third vertex comprising the second ends of the second and sixth members and the first end of the fifth member; and a fourth vertex comprising the second ends of the third, fourth, and fifth members; the second tetrahedron comprising the fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth members and the second tetrahedron's vertices comprising: a first vertex comprising the first ends of the seventh, eighth, and ninth members; a second vertex comprised of the second end of the seventh member and the first ends of the fourth and sixth members; a third vertex comprised of the second end of the sixth and eighth members and the first end of the fifth member; and a fourth vertex comprised of the second ends of the fourth, fifth, and ninth members. 7. The system of claim 6 wherein the second, third, and fourth vertices of the first tetrahedron and the second, third, and fourth vertices of the second tetrahedron are the same points in space and the fourth, fifth, and sixth edges of the first and second tetrahedrons are identical. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein the sixth edge of the first and second tetrahedrons comprises the declination axis of the cradle. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein the concentrator dish has a declination axis bearing located behind the dish, the declination axis and bearing forming the sixth edge of the first and second tetrahedron and permitting the dish to pivot about the declination axis. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein the plumbing system only experiences flexing when the dish rotates about the declination axis and experiences torsion when the dish rotates around the polar axis. 11. The cradle of claim 5 wherein a receiver is mounted on the concentrator dish at a first focal area for receiving solar energy focused by the concentrator dish and for transferring the solar energy to a working fluid and a plumbing system is mounted on the cradle and concentrator dish, coupled to the receiver, and carries the heated working fluid to a thermal load. 12. The cradle of claim 11 wherein the plumbing system only experiences flexing when the dish rotates about the declination axis and experiences torsion when the dish rotates around the polar axis. 