One or more time delay and integration camera assemblies (A) are mounted in a housing (100) which is rotated by a motor (40, 106) relative to a vertical axis. A tachometer or encoder (44) produces signals whose frequency or voltage varies in accordance with an angular velocity of the camera assemblies about the vertical axis. A clock generator (46) converts the angular velocity signals into clocking signals for controlling movement of vertical lines of data values (20) along an array (14) of light sensitive elements to a shift register (22). In one embodiment, the clock generator includes a divider (82) which converts the angular velocity signal into a voltage, a comparator (84) which compares the first voltage with a second voltage, and a voltage controlled oscillator (88) which oscillates to generate the clocking signal. A second divider (88) defines a feedback loop between the output of the voltage controlled oscillator and the comparator for generating the second voltage. Each line of data from the array update (64) a corresponding line of a panoramic memory (66). The selectable portion (72) of the data from the panoramic memory is retrieved (70) independently of the memory updating. Scan converters (74) convert retrieved portions of the panoramic memory data into appropriate format for display on video monitor (78). In this manner, the panoramic memory is updated as the array rotates and data is independently retrieved from the panoramic memory to form panable displays.
Claims Having thus described the preferred embodiments, the invention is now claimed to be: 1. A panoramic camera system including a lens for focusing light from a field of view onto an array of light sensitive elements, the array of light sensitive elements being defined by a plurality of lines of light sensitive elements, a rotor for rotating the lens and the light sensitive element array together about an axis of rotation, the array of light sensitive elements being mounted in a plane parallel to the axis of rotation, a control for controlling the light sensitive element array such that lines of data are shifted from each line of light sensitive elements to an adjacent line of light sensitive elements along the light sensitive element array in coordination with rotation of the lens and the light sensitive array about the axis of rotation, a converter for converting the lines of data from the light sensitive element array into electronic image signals representative of columns of a panoramic view, the system further including: a panoramic memory for storing electronic image data representative of a multiplicity of the columns which span a full 360.degree. around the axis of rotation; a memory updating control for updating the electronic image data stored in the panoramic memory in real time with each electronic image signal representative of one column of the panoramic view such that the panoramic memory stores only the most recent data corresponding to each position along the entire 360.degree. panoramic view; a memory access control for retrieving independent of the memory updating control an arbitrarily selectable fraction of the electronic image data from the panoramic memory which selectable fraction of the electronic image data represents a selectable viewing window which is a fraction of the panoramic view; a scan converter for converting the selectively retrieved row segments of the electronic image data into a video signal with timing independent of rotation of the lens; a video monitor for converting the video signal from the scan converter into a human-readable display. 2. A panoramic camera system comprising: a lens for focusing light from a field of view onto an array of light sensitive elements, the array of light sensitive elements being defined by a plurality of lines of light sensitive elements; a rotor for rotating the field of view about an axis of rotation such that the field of view rotates through 360.degree. around the axis of rotation; a clocking signal generator for generating clocking signals in accordance with the rotating of the field of view about the axis of rotation; a control for controlling the light sensitive array such that lines of data are shifted across the lines of light sensitive elements in the array from line to line toward an end line of light sensitive elements in coordination with the clocking signals from the clocking signal generator; a panoramic video memory for storing electronic image data representative of a 360.degree. panoramic view around the axis of rotation; a memory updating means for updating the panoramic memory in real time with the lines of data from the light sensitive array, each line of data overlaying a previous data line corresponding to a common angular orientation within the 360.degree. panoramic view; a data retrieval means for retrieving a selectable portion of the electronic image data stored in the panoramic video memory; a scan converter clocked independently of the clocking signals from the clocking signal generator for converting the selected selectable portion of the electronic image data retrieved from the panoramic memory into appropriate format for display on a video monitor with timing independent of said clocking signals; an operator adjustable control for controlling the data retrieval means for sweeping the selected portion of the electronic image data to be retrieved independent of rotation of the field of view, whereby the operator selectively sweeps the video monitor display along the 360.degree. panoramic view independent of movement of the rotor. 3. The panoramic camera system as set forth in claim 2 wherein the clocking signal generator receives signals having a frequency indicative of an angular velocity with which the field of view is rotating around the axis of rotation, the clocking signal generator including: a frequency-to-voltage converter for converting the angular velocity of rotation signal frequency into a voltage signal; and a voltage controlled oscillator controlled by the signal from the frequency-to-voltage converter for generating the clocking signal. 4. The panoramic camera system as set forth in claim 3 wherein the frequency-to-voltage converter voltage signal is proportional to the input frequency in accordance with an adjustable constant and further including: a means for adjusting the adjustable constant in accordance with changes in a focal length of the lens. 5. The panoramic camera system as set forth in claim 3 wherein the clocking signal generator further includes: a phase-lock loop control connected with the voltage controlled oscillator. 6. The panoramic camera system as set forth in claim 3 further including: a field of view adjusting means for selectively adjusting a focal length of the lens, the field of view adjusting means being connected with the frequency-to-voltage converter for adjusting its output voltage in accordance with changes in the focal length of the lens. 7. The panoramic camera system as set forth in claim 2 further including: a tachometer connected with the rotor for producing an output voltage signal which is proportional to an angular velocity with which the field of view is rotated and wherein the clocking signal generator includes: a voltage-to-frequency converter for converting output voltages from the tachometer into the clocking signals such that the clocking signals vary in accordance with variations in the rotating of the field of view about the axis of rotation. 8. The panoramic camera system as set forth in claim 2 wherein the panoramic memory is a digital memory and further including: a video processing circuit for processing the lines of data from the light sensitive element array into analog video signals; an analog-to-digital converter for converting the analog video signals into digital video signals for storage in the digital panoramic memory. 9. A camera system comprising: a lens for focusing light from a field of view onto an array of light sensitive elements, the array of light sensitive elements being defined by a plurality of parallel lines of light sensitive elements; a motor for rotating the field of view about an axis of rotation such that the light focused by the lens is swept across the array of light sensitive elements in a direction orthogonal to the lines of light sensitive elements; an encoder for producing an encoder output signal which is proportional to an angular velocity with which the field of view is rotating about the axis of rotation; a phase-locked loop for converting the encoder output signal into a clocking signal whose frequency varies in accordance with the angular velocity with which the field of view about the axis of rotation; a time delay and integration control for controlling the light sensitive element array such that the lines of electronic data are progressively shifted across the lines of light sensitive elements in accordance with the clocking signal; a memory for storing the electronic data from the light sensitive array which represents only most recently collected data at each position within the field of view; a data retrieval means for retrieving an operator selectable portion of the electronic image data from the memory, the data retrieval means being clocked independently of the clocking signal; a scan converter for converting the retrieved portion of the electronic image data from the panoramic memory into a video display format. 10. The camera system as set forth in claim 9 wherein the encoder output signal has a frequency that is proportional to the angular velocity and the phase-locked loop includes: a comparator for comparing the encoder output signal with the clocking signal; a voltage controlled oscillator connected with the comparator for generating the clocking signals, the clocking signal having a frequency in accordance with the comparison; at least one divider for dividing at least one of the encoder output signal and the clocking signal by an adjustable constant before the divided signal is provided to the computer. 11. The camera system as set forth in claim 10 wherein the lens has an adjustable focal length and further including: a means for adjusting a proportionality of at least one of the frequency-to-voltage converters in accordance with changes in the focal length of the lens. 12. The camera system as set forth in claim 9 further including: an operator controlled means for selectively adjusting the portion of the electronic data retrieved by the data retrieval means. 13. A camera system comprising: a lens for focusing light from a field of view onto an array of light sensitive elements, the array of light sensitive elements being defined by a plurality of parallel lines of light sensitive elements; a motor for rotating the field of view about an axis of rotation such that the light focused by the lens is swept across the array of light sensitive elements in a direction orthogonal to the lines of light sensitive elements; an encoder for producing an encoder output signal which is proportional to an angular velocity with which the field of view is rotating about the axis of rotation; a phase-locked loop for converting the encoder output signal into a clocking signal whose frequency varies in accordance with the angular velocity with which the field of view about the axis of rotation; a field of view adjusting means for selectively changing a focal length of the lens; an adjusting means operatively connected with the phase-locked loop for altering a frequency of the clocking signals in accordance with changes in the focal length of the lens; a time delay and integration control for controlling the light sensitive element array such that the lines of electronic data are progressively shifted across the lines of light sensitive elements in accordance with the clocking signal; a memory for storing the electronic data from the light sensitive array as an image representation of a view around the axis of rotation; a scan converter for converting at least a portion of the electronic image data from the panoramic memory into a video display format. 14. A camera system comprising: a lens for focusing light from a field of view onto an array of light sensitive elements, the array of light sensitive elements being defined by a plurality of parallel lines of light sensitive elements; a motor for rotating the field of view about an axis of rotation such that the light focused by the lens is swept across the array of light sensitive elements in a direction orthogonal to the lines of light sensitive elements; an encoder for producing an encoder output signal which is proportional to an angular velocity with which the field of view is rotating about the axis of rotation; a phase-locked loop for converting the encoder output signal into a clocking signal whose frequency varies in accordance with the angular velocity with which the field of view about the axis of rotation; a time delay and integration control for controlling the light sensitive element array such that the lines of electronic data are progressively shifted across the lines of light sensitive elements in accordance with the clocking signal; a memory for storing the electronic data from the light sensitive array as an image representation of a view around the axis of rotation; a plurality of scan converters for independently converting individually selectable portions of the electronic data stored in the panoramic memory into appropriate format for concurrent display on each of a plurality of video monitors. 15. The camera system as set forth in claim 9 further including a spectra means disposed between the lens and a fraction of the light sensitive elements of the light sensitive element array for converting light of a preselected non-visible wavelength spectrum into light of a wavelength spectrum to which the light sensitive elements of the light sensitive element array are sensitive. 16. A panoramic camera system comprising: a first lens for focusing light from a first field of view onto a first light sensitive element array; a second lens for focusing light from a second field of view on a second light sensitive element array; a sweeping means for sweeping the first and second fields of view to view in directions spanning 360.degree. about an axis of rotation; a first clock for clocking the first light sensitive element array such that lines of data are shifted along the first light sensitive element array in coordination with sweeping about the axis of rotation; a second clock for clocking the second light sensitive element array such that lines of data are shifted along the second light sensitive element array in coordination with the sweeping about the axis of rotation; a memory means for storing the electronic data representing at least a first panoramic view extending a full 360.degree. around the axis of rotation; a first memory updating means connected with the first light sensitive element array for selectively updating lines of the electronic data stored in the memory means with the lines of data from the first light sensitive element array; a second memory updating means connected with the second light sensitive element array for selectively updating lines of the electronic data stored in the memory means with the lines of data from the second light sensitive element array. 17. The camera system as set forth in claim 16 further including video processing means for converting the lines of data from the first and second light sensitive element arrays into analog video signals. 18. The camera system as set forth in claim 16 further including a spectrum means disposed between the second lens means and the second light sensitive element array for converting light of a preselected spectrum into light of a wavelength to which the second light sensitive element array is sensitive. 19. The camera system as set forth in claim 18 wherein the spectrum means includes a photovoltaic coating for converting infrared light to electrons which are accumulated by the second light sensitive array is receptive. 20. The camera system as set forth in claim 16 further including: a data retrieval means for retrieving a selectable frame of electronic data from the memory means, the data retrieval means being clocked independently of the first and second clock signals; a video processing means for converting frames of electronic data from the memory means into appropriate format for display on a monitor. 21. The camera system as set forth in claim 16 further including: an angular velocity sensor for producing an output signal that varies in accordance with an angular velocity with which the first and second fields of view sweep around the axis of rotation; at least one of the first and second clocks including a voltage controlled oscillator for generating clocking signals, the voltage controlled oscillator being connected with the angular velocity sensor for receiving the output signal therefrom such that the clocking signal varies in accordance with the angular velocity. 22. A method of providing a video display of a selected portion of a panoramic region, the method comprising: with a lens, focusing light from a field of view onto an array of light sensitive elements, the array of light sensitive elements being defined by a plurality of lines of light sensitive elements; rotating the lens and light sensitive element array together about an axis of rotation, the array of light sensitive elements being mounted in a plane parallel to the axis of rotation; monitoring an angular velocity with which the lens and light sensitive element array are rotating about the axis of rotation; generating clocking signals in accordance with the monitored angular rotation, the clocking signals having a frequency which varies in accordance with the monitored angular rotation and a focal length of the lens; clocking the array of light sensitive elements with the clocking signal such that lines of data are shifted from each line of light sensitive elements to an adjacent line of light sensitive elements in coordination with the rotating of the lens and the light sensitive element array about the axis of rotation; storing each line of data from the light sensitive element array as a column of data in a memory which stores the columns of electronic data, which columns of electronic data taken together, represents a most recently collected image of a panoramic view around the axis of rotation; retrieving a selected portion of rows of the electronic image data from the panoramic memory; sweeping the selected portion of the electronic image data along the panoramic memory; converting the retrieved row portions of electronic data into a human-readable display on the monitor. 23. The method as set forth in claim 22 wherein the step of generating clocking signals includes: generating an angular velocity signal which varies in accordance with the angular velocity of the lens and the array of light sensitive elements about the axis of rotation; converting the angular velocity signal into a first voltage signal which varies in accordance with the angular velocity of the lens and the light sensitive array around the axis of rotation and in accordance with a focal length of the lens; converting the first voltage signal into a clocking signal having a frequency corresponding to the first voltage signal. 24. The method as set forth in claim 23 further including: deriving a second voltage signal from the clocking signal, which second voltage signal varies in accordance with the frequency of the clocking signal; comparing the second voltage signal with the first voltage signal and adjusting the frequency of the clocking signal in accordance with a deviation therebetween. 25. The method as set forth in claim 22 wherein the retrieving of data from the panoramic memory is performed at a retrieval clocking frequency which is independent of the frequency of the clocking signal used to control the array of light sensitive elements. 