The present invention comprises an automobile sunshield in combination with an interior sunshade having an elongated cover provided with a reflective surface and a non-reflective surface with the dual purpose of providing a radiation protective cover and a visual security cover, the interior sunshade portion being readily mountable so as extend rearwardly to cover at least the driver's side of the vehicle, so that the steering wheel and the driver's seat are covered, whereby the combination not only protects the covered area from the rays of the sun but also provides the visual security cover that hides the area from view from the outside of the vehicle.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In combination a sunshield and an interior protective means, wherein said combination comprises: a sunshield having two surfaces, one being formed with a non-reflective surface and the other with a reflective surface suitable for reflecting impinging sunlight and resulting heat radiation; means for securing said sunshield within a vehicle so as to cover at least one half of the windshield of the vehicle; an interior protective means attached to said sunshield having two surfaces, one being formed with a non-reflective surface and the other with a reflective surface so as to extend rearwardly of said sunshield to cover at least one front seat of the vehicle; and wherein said interior protective means defines a visual security means, wherein the area covered in the vehicle is enclosed under said protective cover means and hidden from view, and a radiation protective means defined by said reflective surface of said interior protective means. 2. The combination as recited in claim 1, wherein said interior protective means includes means for removably attaching said protective cover means over the front seat. 3. The combination as recited in claim 2, wherein said sunshield is formed having a size equal to or less than area of the windshield, wherein said interior protective means is defined by an elongated cover sheet that extends rearwardly over the steering wheel and the driver's seat of the vehicle, and wherein the longitudinal free edges of said cover sheet hang downwardly to block the covered area from view. 4. The combination as recited in claim 2, wherein said sunshield is formed having a configuration suitable to correspond to the overall configuration of the windshield. 5. The combination as recited in claim 4, wherein said sunshield is formed having a substantially trapezoidal configuration. 6. The combination as recited in claim 2, wherein said reflective surface of said sunshield is arranged to face outwardly of the windshield, whereby the impinging radiation from the sun is reflected outwardly from the interior of the vehicle and the non-reflecting surface of said sunshield faces inwardly of the interior of the vehicle, and wherein said reflective surface of said elongated cover sheet faces upwardly to reflect the impinging radiation of the sun and said non-reflecting surface of the elongated cover sheet faces downwardly over the enclosed covered area, thereby preventing heating and deterioration of the covered area. 7. The combination as recited in claim 6, wherein said means for removably attaching said protective cover means over the front seat comprises an elastic band. 8. An improved sunshield for mounting in the interior of a vehicle, comprising: a sunshield having the outer facing surface thereof formed with a reflective surface suitable for reflecting impinging solar radiation, and a non-reflective surface facing inwardly of the interior of the vehicle; means for securing said sunshield within a vehicle so as to cover the windshield of the vehicle; means for protecting the interior of the vehicle from the sun's rays, said protective means being affixed to said sunshield and defined by an elongated rearwardly extending cover sheet; wherein said elongated rearwardly extending cover sheet is defined by a visual security means, wherein the area covered thereby is concealed from view from outside the vehicle; and wherein radiation protective means is defined by a reflective surface formed on said elongated rearwardly extending cover sheet that faces outwardly so as to reflect the impinging solar radiation as the sun moves over a given time period and range, whereby the steering wheel and at least the one of the front seats are covered and protected from the sun's rays entering any one of the windows of the vehicle. 9. The improved sunshield as recited in claim 8, wherein said interior protective means includes means for removably attaching said protective cover means over one or both of the front seats. 10. The improved sunshield as recited in claim 9, wherein said sunshield is formed having a size equal to or less than half the full length of the windshield. 11. The improved sunshield as recited in claim 9, wherein said sunshield is formed having a size and configuration equal to that of the windshield and wherein said cover sheet covers the dashboard, the steering wheel and both front seats, whereby the covered area is visually hidden from outside of the vehicle. 