A blood donation monitoring means comprising a support platform (12), being rockably supported by a support (18), a drive means (37, 39, 40) supported operatively connected to the support platform (12) to cause a rocking of the support platform (12), a weight sensing means (23) associated with the support for the support platform, a flow line support (16) adapted to receive a flow line for a receptacle to be supported on the support platform (12), the flow line support (16) including a flow control means (42) to control the flow through the control line, a control means operatively connected to the flow control means (16) and having an input from the weight sensing means (23), said control means having a monitoring means which is adapted to monitor the rate of change of weight of the contents of the support platform (12) and activate the flow control means (16) in accordance with the weight changes of the contents of the support platform (12) and ensure delivery of a predetermined quantity of blood to the receptacle through the flow line.
Claims I claim: 1. A blood donation monitoring means comprising; a support platform roackably supported by a support; a drive means supported from the support and operatively connected to the support platform to cause joint pivotal movement of the support platform about two axes; a weight sensing means associated with the support for the support platform; a display adapted to display a value representative of the quantity of blood in the receptacle determined from the output of the weight sensing means; a flow line support adapted to receive a flow line from a receptacle to be supported on the support platform, said flow line support including a flow control means to control the flow through the flow line to the receptacle; a control means operatively connected to the flow control means; said control means being adapted to periodically derive an input from the weight sensing means and monitor the rate of change of weight of the contents of the support platform; said control means being adapted to activate the flow control means to close the flow line on delivery of a predetermined quantity of blood to the receptacle through the flow lines; and wherein the control means is further adapted not to activate the flow control means on detecting a variation in weight sensed by the weighing means which is contrary to expected variations, said control means being adapted to cause the display to display a signal indicative of the presence of an unexpected variation in weight. 2. A blood donation means as claimed at claims 1 wherein the control means can be adjusted in order that the predetermined quantity of blood can be varied. 3. A blood donation means as claimed at claim 1 wherein the control means is adapted to periodically activate the drive means and said control means is adapted to measure the weight of the contents of the support platform when the drive means is deactivated and determine the change in weight from the earlier measurement. 4. A blood donation monitoring means as claimed at claim 1 wherein the display means includes a signalling means adapted to provide a signal indicative of the weight of the contents of the support platform. 5. A blood donation monitoring means as claimed at claim 4 wherein the signal varies with the variation of weight of the contents of the support platform. 6. A blood donation monitoring means as claimed at claim 4 wherein the signal comprises an audible signal. 7. A blood donation monitoring means as claimed at claims 4 wherein the signalling means comprises an illumination means. 8. A blood monitoring means as claimed at claim 1 wherein the drive means, weighing sensing means, control means and flow control means is powered from an electrical power supply comprising a battery of electrolytic cells. 9. A blood donation monitoring means as claimed at claim 8 wherein the battery is associated with a charging circuit. 10. A blood donation monitoring means as claimed at claim 9 wherein the charging circuit is connected to a set of photovoltaic cells. 11. A blood donation monitoring means as claimed at claim 1 further comprising a lower housing which accommodates the support, the support platform and drive means and where the support platform is received in an opening provided in the upper face of the lower housing; and an upper housing supported from the lower housing to lie above the support platform in spaced relation thereto. 12. A blood donation monitoring means as claimed at claim 11 wherein the area of the upper housing is generally similar to the area of the upper face of the lower housing. 13. A blood donation monitoring means as claimed at claim 11 wherein the display and the flow control means is accommodated in the upper housing. 14. A blood donation monitoring means as claimed at claim 3 wherein the display means includes a signalling means adapted to provide a signal indicative of the weight of the contents of the support platform. 15. A blood monitoring means as claimed at claim 4 wherein the drive means, weighing sensing means, control means and flow control means is powered from an electrical power supply comprising a battery of electrolytic cells. 16. A blood monitoring means as claimed at claim 7 wherein the drive means, weighing sensing means, control means and flow control means is powered from an electrical power supply comprising a battery of electrolytic cells. 17. A blood donation monitoring means as claimed at claim 12 wherein the display and the flow control means is accommodated in the upper housing. 