A battery charger is provided with a battery charger unit which connects to, and charges a battery. Solar cells are used as the source of power for charging the battery, and connecting parts electrically connect the solar cells and the battery charger unit. The battery charger unit is provided with a solar cell compartment for stowing the solar cells when not in use charging a battery.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A battery charger comprising: a solar cell for charging a battery; a battery charging unit including a bag defining an interior storage compartment for carrying said solar cell when not charging and electrical equipment containing a battery, said bag having a ventilation section corresponding to a storage location of the electrical equipment; and a plurality of electrical connecting parts for electrically connecting said solar cell to the battery contained in the electrical equipment in said battery charging unit for charging the battery while the electrical equipment is carried in said bag. 2. A battery charger comprising: a solar cell for charging a battery; a battery charging unit including a bag defining an interior storage compartment for carrying said solar cell when not charging and electrical equipment containing a battery, said bag including a projecting button on an outer surface of said bag for connecting said solar cell when removed from said bag, and said projecting button passes through a wall of said bag; an electrical connecting parts for electrically connecting said at least one projecting button with the electrical equipment stored in said bag to permit charging of the battery contained in the electrical equipment by said solar cell while the electrical equipment is carried in said bag. 3. A battery charger comprising: a solar cell for charging a battery; a battery charging unit including a bag defining an interior storage compartment for carrying said solar cell when not charging and electrical equipment containing a battery, said bag including a fixing pane for securely holding the electrical equipment in said bag; and a plurality of electrical connecting parts for electrically connecting the battery in said battery charging unit with said solar cell when said solar cell is removed from said bag such that the battery contained in the electrical equipment can be charged while the electrical equipment is being carried in said bag. 4. A battery charger comprising: a battery charging unit; a plurality of electrical connecting parts; a solar cell connected to said battery charging unit by said plurality of electrical connecting parts, said solar cell being divided into a plurality of sheets; a plurality of conducting fasteners detachably connecting said sheets together, both mechanically and electrically; a battery charging unit connected to said solar cell for charging a battery, said battery charging unit defining a storage compartment for storing said solar cell when said solar cell is not charging. 5. The battery charger as claimed in claim 4, further comprising a removable cover for said storage compartment, wherein said battery charging unit has a battery mounting surface formed on an outer surface of said battery charging unit and said cover is positioned on an opposite side of said battery charging unit relative to said battery mounting surface. 6. A battery charger comprising: an insulating film sheet having at least two rows of conducting lines; a plurality of solar cells positioned on said insulating film sheet for charging a battery; a plurality of conducting fasteners detachably connecting said solar cells both electrically and mechanically on said at least two rows of conducting lines; a battery charging unit electrically connected with said solar cells, said battery charging unit being provided with a solar cell compartment for stowing said solar cells when said solar cells are not charging; and a plurality of connecting parts for electrically connecting said solar cells to said battery charging unit. 