A charge control apparatus and method for charging of an electrical energy storage device, such as a rechargeable storage battery, by an electrical energy source, such as a photovoltaic panel, provides multiple charge setpoint selection means wherein the electrical connection of one or more setpoint control terminations to the three electrical potential contacts storage device "+", no contact (NC), or common "-", produces a specific and predefined charge setpoint condition, including charge termination and resumption voltage thresholds, from a plurality of charge setpoint possibilities. Temperature compensation is employed in multiple setpoint charge control to maintain setpoint thresholds essentially constant with apparatus temperature and to effect a change in setpoint thresholds with storage device temperature in accordance with storage device charging characteristics.
Claims I claim: 1. A method of controlling the charging of a rechargeable electrical energy storage device by an electrical energy source, said source having charging output terminals and said storage device having charging input terminals, said charge control method effected through charge control apparatus interposed between said source and said storage device, the improvement comprising the selection of a particular charge setpoint condition, including charge termination and resumption voltage thresholds, from a plurality of charge setpoint possibilities. 2. A method according to claim 1, comprising the electrical connection of one or more charge setpoint control terminations to one of three electrical potential contacts, each connection thus executed resulting in a specific and predefined charge setpoint condition, including charge termination voltage threshold and charge resumption voltage threshold, the three electrical potential contacts being: storage device "+"; no contact (NC); and common "-". 3. A method according to claim 2, including monitoring the voltage of said storage device, producing a bias voltage indicative of storage device state-of-charge, and producing a reference voltage indicative of a predetermined charged level of the storage device. 4. A method according to claim 3, wherein said bias voltage and said reference voltage are operative in controlling the charging of the storage device by the source. 5. A method according to claim 2, wherein said charge setpoint control terminations are operative to provide a plurality of charge setpoint conditions, including charge termination and resumption voltage thresholds, by providing a plurality of possible bias voltage conditions. 6. A method according to claim 5, wherein charge control apparatus temperature is measured and temperature compensation is employed to maintain charge setpoint conditions, including charge termination and resumption voltage thresholds, essentially constant with charge control apparatus temperature. 7. A method according to claim 6, wherein storage device temperature is measured and employed to continuously modify charge setpoint conditions, including charge termination and resumption voltage thresholds, in a predefined manner in accordance with temperature dependent storage device charging characteristics. 8. A method of multiple setpoint charge control for controlling the charging of a rechargeable electrical energy storage device by an electrical energy source, said method comprising: connecting one or more charge setpoint control terminations to one of the three electrical potential contacts storage device "+", no contact (NC), and common "-"; monitoring the voltage of said storage device, and producing a bias voltage indicative of storage device state-of-charge and a reference voltage indicative of a predetermined charged level of the storage device; providing charge control, including termination and resumption of storage device charging, based on the measured values of said bias voltage and said reference voltage; providing a plurality of bias voltage possibilities by means of charge setpoint control terminations; measuring charge control apparatus temperature--and employing temperature compensation to maintain charge setpoint thresholds essentially constant with charge control apparatus temperature; measuring storage device temperature and employing temperature compensation to continuously modify charge setpoint thresholds in a predefined manner in accordance with temperature dependent storage device charging characteristics. 9. A method according to claim 8, wherein the electrical energy storage device comprises rechargeable battery means and the electrical energy source comprises photovoltaic panel means. 10. A method according to claim 8, wherein charge control comprises the on-off switching of a shunt control element, said control being operative through shunt control means. 11. A method according to claim 8, wherein charge control comprises the on-off switching of a series-pass control element, said control being operative through series-pass control means. 12. A method according to claim 8, wherein charge control comprises the switching of a series-pass control element on for high rate charging and off for low rate charging through a float regulator, said control being operative through high-low charge rate control means. 13. A method according to claim 8, wherein charge control comprises the pulse-width-modulation switching of a shunt control element, said control being operative through pulse-width-modulation charge control means. 14. A charge control apparatus for controlling the charging of a rechargeable electrical energy storage device by an electrical energy source, said source having charging output terminals and said storage device having charging input terminals, said apparatus interposed between said source and said storage device, the improvement comprising means for selecting a particular charge setpoint condition, including charge termination and resumption voltage thresholds, from a plurality of charge setpoint possibilities. 15. An apparatus according to claim 14, comprising: charge control means operative to include, remove, or regulate charging power from said source to said storage device; setpoint control means operative to establish charge setpoint conditions, including charge termination and resumption voltage thresholds, from a plurality of charge setpoint possibilities; driver means interposed between charge control means and setpoint control means, operative to provide an electrical control signal to charge control means in cooperation with setpoint control means. 16. An apparatus according to claim 15, wherein said multiple charge setpoint control means includes one or more charge setpoint control terminations, each termination thereof capable of connection to one of three electrical potential contacts, each connection thus executed resulting in a specific and predefined charge setpoint condition, including charge termination voltage threshold and charge resumption voltage threshold, the three electrical potential contacts being: storage device "+"; no contact (NC); and common "-". 17. An apparatus according to claim 16, wherein said multiple charge setpoint control means further includes means for monitoring the voltage of the rechargeable electrical energy storage device and producing a bias voltage, a reference voltage, and means for comparing the two voltages thus produced, wherein said reference voltage is indicative of a predetermined charged level of said storage device and said bias voltage is indicative of the storage device state-of-charge. 18. An apparatus according to claim 17, wherein said comparing means comprises a comparator having two input terminals and an output terminal, said comparator means having a plurality of bias voltage potential possibilities at one input, corresponding to a plurality of charge setpoint possibilities, and said reference voltage potential at another input, the inputs to said comparator means deriving their potentials from the storage device to be charged and the output of said comparator means providing operative control to charge control means through driver means. 19. An apparatus according to claim 18, wherein one or more charge setpoint control resistors are interposed between the bias input of said comparator means and said charge setpoint control terminations. 20. An apparatus according to claim 18, wherein a feedback resistor is connected between the bias input and the output of said comparator means, said feedback resistor being operative to produce hysteresis and smooth state transitions in the output of said comparator means. 21. An apparatus according to claim 18, wherein the reference voltage potential means comprises zener diode means acting through comparator means. 22. A charge control apparatus for controlling the charging of a rechargeable electrical energy storage device by an electrical energy source, said apparatus comprising charge control means, driver means, and setpoint control means, said setpoint control means comprising: means for monitoring the voltage of said rechargeable electrical energy storage device; means for producing a reference voltage indicative of a predetermined charged level of the storage device; means for producing a bias voltage indicative of said monitored storage device voltage; multiple charge setpoint control means capable of producing a plurality of bias voltage conditions, each bias voltage condition produced thereof corresponding to a predefined charge setpoint condition, including charge termination voltage threshold and charge resumption voltage threshold; one or more charge setpoint control terminations operative to effect said multiple charge setpoint control; comparator means for comparing the bias voltage potential and the reference voltage potential, said comparator means producing a first condition control signal for the termination of charging or reduction to float charging of the storage device, in response to said bias voltage potential exceeding the level of said reference voltage potential, and a second condition control signal for the resumption of high-rate charging of the storage device, in response to said bias voltage potential falling below said reference voltage potential, said second condition control signal occurring at a lower storage device voltage than said first condition signal, the difference in storage device voltage for said first and second conditions determined by hysteresis feedback means acting through comparator means. 23. An apparatus according to claim 22, wherein said multiple charge setpoint control means further includes internal temperature compensation means operative to maintain charge setpoint thresholds substantially constant with apparatus temperature variations. 24. An apparatus according to claim 23, wherein said internal temperature compensation means comprises temperature sensing means acting through bias voltage means. 25. An apparatus according to claim 24, wherein said temperature sensing means is a thermistor connected in parallel with a resistor, said thermistor-resistor parallel combination being in circuit with bias voltage means. 26. A charge control apparatus for controlling the charging of a rechargeable electrical energy storage device by an electrical energy source, said apparatus comprising charge control means, driver means, and setpoint control means, said setpoint control means comprising: multiple charge setpoint control means capable of producing a plurality of bias voltage conditions, each bias voltage condition produced thereof corresponding to a predefined charge setpoint condition, including charge termination voltage threshold and charge resumption voltage threshold;, one or more charge setpoint control terminations operative to effect said multiple charge setpoint control; temperature-compensation means operative to measure the internal temperature of charge control apparatus and modify in a predefined manner said bias voltage employed in multiple charge setpoint control, in order to maintain charge setpoint thresholds substantially constant with changes in charge control apparatus temperature. 27. An apparatus according to claim 26, wherein said temperature compensated multiple charge setpoint control means further includes means for measuring storage device temperature, said storage device temperature measuring means being operative to continuously modify charge setpoint thresholds, including charge termination and resumption voltage thresholds, in a predefined manner in accordance with temperature dependent storage device charging characteristics. 28. An apparatus according to claim 27, wherein said storage device temperature measuring means comprises temperature sensing means in thermal contact with, and deriving operative power from, said storage device. 29. An apparatus according to claim 28, wherein said temperature sensing means comprises a thermistor, said thermistor being in circuit with bias voltage means through connection cable means. 30. An apparatus according to claim 29, wherein the connection of said thermistor with said bias voltage means further includes the parallel connection of said thermistor with a resistor, said thermistor-resistor means operative to determine the storage device temperature dependency of multiple charge setpoint thresholds. 31. A charge control apparatus for controlling the charging of a rechargeable electrical energy storage device by an electrical energy source, said apparatus comprising charge control means, driver means, and setpoint control means, said setpoint control means comprising: multiple charge setpoint control means capable of producing a plurality of bias voltage conditions, each bias voltage condition produced thereof corresponding to a predefined charge setpoint condition, including charge termination voltage threshold and charge resumption voltage threshold; one or more charge setpoint control terminations operative to effect said multiple charge setpoint control; temperature compensation means operative to measure the internal temperature of charge control apparatus and modify in a predefined manner said bias voltage employed in multiple charge setpoint control, in order to maintain charge setpoint thresholds substantially constant with changes in charge control apparatus temperature; means for sensing and measuring storage device temperature, said storage device temperature sensing and measuring means being operative to continuously modify charge setpoint thresholds, including charge termination and resumption voltage thresholds, in a predefined manner in accordance with temperature dependent storage device charging characteristics. 32. An apparatus according to claim 31, wherein the charge control means comprises shunt charge control means. 33. An apparatus according to claim 31, wherein the charge control means comprises series-pass charge control means. 34. An apparatus according to claim 31, wherein the charge control means comprises high-low charge rate control means, including high charge rate means operative through setpoint control means, and float regulator means for low rate charging. 35. An apparatus according to claim 14, comprising: shunt means operative to include, remove, or regulate charging power from said source to said storage device; blocking diode means operative to isolate said storage device from said source during shunting and to prevent discharge of said storage device through said source when storage device voltage is greater than source voltage; ramp generator means operative to produce a continuous ramp waveform having a predetermined frequency; error amplifier means operative to produce a DC output with a magnitude proportional to the difference between a bias voltage at one input and a reference voltage at another input; pulse-width-modulation comparator means having said continuous ramp waveform at one input and said DC output at another input, operative to produce a width modulated train of pulses at its output, said pulses having a duty cycle indicative of the state-of-charge of said storage device; driver means interposed between shunt means and pulse-width-modulation comparator means, operative to provide an electrical control signal to said shunt means in cooperation with said pulse-width-modulation comparator means. 36. An apparatus according to claim 35, wherein said reference voltage is indicative of a predetermined charged level of the storage device. 37. An apparatus according to claim 35, wherein said bias voltage is indicative of the state-of-charge of the storage device. 38. An apparatus according to claim 35, further including multiple setpoint control means operative to establish a specific and predetermined pulse-width-modulation charge setpoint condition from a plurality of charge setpoint possibilities, including termination and resumption voltage thresholds for pulse-width-modulation charging of the storage device by the source. 39. An apparatus according to claim 38, wherein said multiple charge setpoint control means further comprises one or more charge setpoint control terminations, each termination capable of connection to one of three electrical potential contacts, each connection thus executed resulting in a specific and predefined charge setpoint condition, the three electrical contacts being: electrical storage device "+"; no contact (NC); and common "-". 40. An apparatus according to claim 39, wherein one or more charge setpoint control resistors are interposed between said charge setpoint control terminations and said bias input of error amplifier means. 41. An apparatus according to claim 35, including temperature compensation means operative on said bias voltage means to maintain setpoint thresholds substantially constant with apparatus temperature variations. 42. An apparatus according to claim 35, including means for sensing and measuring storage device temperature, said storage device temperature sensing and measuring means being operative to continuously modify charge setpoint thresholds, including pulse-width-modulation charge termination and resumption voltage thresholds, in a predefined manner in accordance with temperature dependent storage device charging characteristics. 43. A charge control apparatus for controlling the charging of a rechargeable electrical energy storage device by an electrical energy source, said apparatus employing pulse-width-modulation charge control comprising: multiple charge setpoint control means capable of producing a plurality of bias voltage conditions, each bias voltage condition produced thereof corresponding to a predefined charge setpoint condition, including pulse-width-modulation charge termination voltage threshold and charge resumption voltage threshold; one or more charge setpoint control terminations operative to effect said multiple charge setpoint control; temperature compensation means operative to measure the internal temperature of charge control apparatus and modify in a predefined manner said bias voltage employed in multiple charge setpoint control, in order to maintain charge setpoint thresholds substantially constant with changes in charge control apparatus temperature; means for sensing and measuring storage device temperature, said storage device temperature sensing and measuring means being operative to continuously modify charge setpoint thresholds, including pulse-width-modulation charge termination and resumption voltage thresholds, in a predefined manner in accordance with temperature dependent storage device charging characteristics. 44. An apparatus according to claim 31, wherein the electrical energy storage device comprises rechargeable battery means and the electrical energy source comprises photovoltaic panel means. 45. An apparatus according to claim 31, enclosed in a sealed housing, wherein connection terminations to the electrical energy source positive, the electrical storage device positive, the common negative, the battery temperature sensor, and one or more charge setpoint control connection terminations are provided external to said sealed housing. 46. An apparatus according to claim 45, wherein said connection terminations provided external to said sealed housing means are comprised of leads having connector terminals to effect said connection thereof. 47. An apparatus according to claim 46, wherein said leads provided external to said sealed housing means are provided thereby through cable gland connector means. 48. An apparatus according to claim 47, wherein said cable gland connector means is permanently attached to said sealed housing means. 49. An apparatus according to claim 48, wherein said cable gland connector means comprises means for attaching said cable gland and sealed housing assembly to a suitable weatherproof enclosure, with all connection cables and terminations thereof being interior of said enclosure. 50. An apparatus according to claim 45, wherein said connection terminations provided external to said sealed housing means are comprised of a plurality of terminal contacts in the form of a terminal strip. 51. An apparatus according to claim 50, wherein said terminal strip is permanently attached to said sealed housing means. 52. An apparatus according to claim 51, wherein said sealed housing means further comprises mounting plate means to permit attachment of the assembly thereof within a suitable weatherproof enclosure. 53. An apparatus according to claim 43, wherein the electrical energy storage device comprises rechargeable battery means and the electrical energy source comprises photovoltaic panel means. 54. An apparatus according to claim 43, enclosed in a sealed housing, wherein connection terminations to the electrical energy source positive, the electrical storage device positive, the common negative, the battery temperature sensor, and one or more charge setpoint control connection terminations are provided external to said sealed housing. 