A personal digital assistant module with a local CPU, memory, and I/O interface has a host interface comprising a bus connected to the local CPU and a connector at a surface of the personal digital assistant for interfacing to a bus connector of a host general-purpose computer, providing direct bus communication between the personal digital assistant and the host general-purpose computer. In an embodiment, the personal digital assistant also has a means for storing a security code. The personal digital assistant according to the invention forms a host/satellite combination with a host computer having a docking bay, wherein upon docking a docking protocol controls access by the host to memory of the personal digital assistant based on one or more passwords provided by a user to the host. In another embodiment the personal digital assistant also has an expansion port connected to the local CPU, and expansion peripheral devices may be connected and operated through the expansion port. Also disclosed are various embodiments for host systems compatible with personal digital assistants according to the invention, and a scanner system useful with displays of both personal digital assistants and hosts.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A scanning and image capturing system, comprising: a digital assistant module having a CPU for managing functions of the digital assistant module, a combination touchscreen/display apparatus, and a host interface system including a host interface bus connected to the CPU and to a first portion of a host interface connector; and a host computer having a host video display including a display surface for illuminating pixel elements, video adapter circuitry, a photosensitive film overlying a portion of the display surface, apparatus for communicating signals generated by the photosensitive film to the host computer, and a module bay within the structure of the host computer adapted to dock the digital assistant by connecting to the host interface connector; wherein the host computer is adapted for scanning the display surface by illuminating selected pixel locations through the video adapter circuitry, for recording a raster file based on signals generated by the photosensitive film in response to the scanning, and for downloading the resulting raster file to the digital assistant module. 2. A scanning and image capturing system as in claim 1 further comprising mounting apparatus for mounting a hard copy document adjacent the host video display. 3. A scanning and image capturing system as in claim 1 wherein the photosensitive film comprises a layer of substantially transparent material integral with the front surface of the host video display. 4. A scanning and image capturing system as in claim 1 wherein the photosensitive film is a part of a separate and removable panel configured for mounting adjacent to the display surface. 5. A scanning and image capturing system as in claim 1 wherein the host video display comprises a cathode ray tube. 6. A scanning and image capturing system as in claim 1 wherein the host video display comprises an LED display matrix. 7. A scanning and image capturing system as in claim 1 wherein the host video display comprises an array of electroluminescent cells. 8. A scanning and image capturing system as in claim 1 wherein the photosensitive layer is a photovoltaic film, and the signals generated as a result of incident light comprise variations in voltage. 9. A scanning and image capturing system as in claim 1 wherein the raster file is stored in a host memory. 10. A scanning and image capturing system as in claim 1 wherein the raster file is stored in the memory of the digital assistant module. 11. A scanning and image capturing system as in claim 1 wherein the personal digital assistant module and the docking bay are implemented according to a Personal Computer Memory Card International Association standard type I, II, or three. 12. A scanning and image capturing system as in claim 1 wherein the host computer is a desktop computer. 13. A scanning and image capturing system as in claim 1 wherein the host computer is a portable laptop computer having a display hinged to a case enclosing computer circuitry and elements. 14. A scanning and image capturing system as in claim 1 wherein the host computer is a palmtop computer. 