A golf cart control and monitoring system, includes a signal transmitter, at least one antenna, a receiving and processing apparatus, and an event log device. The signal transmitter transmits a plurality of electromagnetic digitally modulated signals. The receiving and processing apparatus receives the electromagnetic signals radiating from each antenna and processes the signals to determine the position of the cart with respect to each antenna and correspondingly with respect to the prespecified feature. A control signal is outputted therefrom representative of the location of the cart. The event log device is responsive to the control signals and generates historical log of how long and how many times the golf cart is located within course restricted areas. In another embodiment, digital signals are radiated from antennas proximate designated start areas, designated stop areas and designated intermediate cart travel positions to track time of play and to provide displays of same to a cart operator. The receiving and processing apparatus includes a memory to store the event device historical log and playtime information for later retrieval by course representatives.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A golf cart control and monitoring system, comprising: transmitting means for generating a plurality of digital signals, said transmitting means being disposed proximate each prespecified feature of a golf course; receiving and processing means, disposed on the golf cart, for receiving and processing the digital signals from said transmitting means to determine said receiving and processing means position with respect to the course prespecified feature and for providing a control signal that is representative of the position of said receiving and processing means; and event log means, responsive to the receiving and processing means control signals representative of the position of said receiving and processing means, for generating a historical log of how many times said receiving and processing means is determined to be located within golf course restricted areas. 2. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 1, wherein said event log means is adapted to generate a historical log of how long said receiving and processing means is determined to be located in golf course restricted areas. 3. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 2, wherein said event log includes: an event counter, responsive to the receiving and processing means control signals representative of the position of said receiving and control means, for counting each time said receiving and control means is determined to have entered into restricted areas; and time accumulation means, responsive to the receiving and processing means control signals representative of the position of said receiving and control means, for determining at least the cumulative amount of time that said receiving and processing means is determined to be located in restricted areas. 4. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 3, in which said event log means further includes: an event display, responsive to said event counter, that provides a visual display to an operator of the golf cart of the total number of entries into restricted areas; and a time display, responsive to said time accumulation means, that provides a visual display to the golf cart operator of the cumulative time. 5. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 2, wherein said receiving and processing means generates a first control signal when said receiving and processing means is determined to be approaching the restricted area and generates a second signal when said receiving and processing means is determined to be in the restricted area, and wherein said event log means begins to accumulate data upon receipt of the second control signal and terminates data accumulation at least when said second signal is terminated. 6. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 4, wherein said first signal is generated when said receiving and processing means is determined to be in a warning zone indicating that said receiving and processing means is approaching the restricted area. 7. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 5, wherein said receiving and processing means outputs a third control signal when said receiving and processing means is determined to be located in a designated start area of the golf course and outputs a fourth control signal when said receiving and processing means is determined to be located in a designated end area of the golf course; and wherein said receiving and processing means includes: a playtime clock that is started responsive to the third control signal and stopped responsive to the fourth control signal; a memory for storing data and information; means, responsive to the fourth control signal for storing in said memory the time reflected on said playtime clock when stopped; and playtime display means, responsive to output signals from said playtime clock, for displaying the time which has elapsed since said playtime clock was started. 8. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 7, wherein said receiving and processing means outputs a fifth control signal when said receiving and processing means is determined to be located in a designated intermediate travel position of the golf course and wherein the time reflected on said playtime clock is stored in said memory responsive to each fifth control signal. 9. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 8, wherein the digital signal being received includes information to identify the start area, the end area and the intermediate travel position, wherein said receiving and processing means determines the identity of the area, and the identity of the area is stored along with the time reflected on said playtime clock in said memory. 10. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 2, wherein said event log means begins to accumulate data when it is determined that said receiving and processing means is located in the restricted area and terminates data accumulation when it is determined that said receiving and processing means has exited the restricted area. 11. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 2 further comprising a display means for displaying at least the total number of entries into restricted areas and the cumulative amount of time in the restricted areas of the course. 12. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 2, wherein the digital signal from said transmission means is pulse-width modulated so as to distinguish different types of signal sources. 13. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 2, wherein the digital signal from said transmission means is pulse-group modulated so as to distinguish and identify each transmission means and an associated prespecified feature. 14. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 2, wherein the digital signal from said transmitting means is encoded with information to identify the pre-specified feature proximate said transmitting means and wherein said receiving and processing means includes means for decoding each signal to determine the pre-specified feature. 15. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 2, wherein said transmitting means includes at least one antenna, each said at least one antenna being disposed proximate each of said prespecified features. 16. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 15, wherein said receiving and processing means determines the position of said receiving and processing means with respect to said antenna and outputs a first control signal when said receiving and processing means is determined to be a first distance from said antenna, representative of said receiving and control means being in the restricted area. 17. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 16, wherein said receiving and processing means outputs a second control signal when said receiving and processing means is determined to be at least within a second distance from said antenna, representative of said receiving and control means approaching the restricted area. 18. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 17, wherein said receiving and processing means further includes means for determining the signal strength of each said signal radiating from each antenna, wherein said first control signal is outputted when a first pre-specified signal strength value is exceeded and wherein said second control signal is outputted when a second pre-specified signal strength value is exceeded. 19. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 15, wherein each of said antennas is disposed below grade. 20. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 2, wherein said transmitting means includes at least first and second antennas spaced from each other and being disposed proximate each prespecified feature of a golf course, said first antenna being disposed outside of said second antenna and each of said antennas transmitting digital signals. 21. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 20, wherein said receiving and processing means determines the position of said receiving and processing means with respect to said first and second antennas and outputs a first control signal when said receiving and processing means is determined to be a prespecified distance from said second antenna, representative of said receiving and control means being in the restricted area. 22. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 21, wherein said receiving and processing means outputs a second control signal when said receiving and processing means is determined to be at least within a prespecified distance from said first antenna, representative of said receiving and control means approaching the restricted area. 23. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 22, wherein said receiving and processing means further includes means for determining the signal strength of each signal radiating from each of said antennas, wherein said first control signal, representative of said receiving and processing means being in a restricted area, is outputted when a first pre-specified signal strength value is exceeded and wherein said second control signal, of representative of said receiving and control means approaching the restricted area, is outputted when a second pre-specified signal strength value is exceeded. 24. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 22, wherein said transmitting means further includes at least two transmitters, one transmitter for each of said antennas. 25. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 24, wherein each said transmitter transmits digital signals at a same frequency and wherein said receiving and processing means includes a receiver for receiving the digital signals being transmitted. 26. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 25, wherein each said transmitter is configured so the digital signals are transmitted asynchronously. 27. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 26, wherein said receiving and processing means further includes: an event clock that is started each time said receiving and processing means is determined to be in the restricted area and stopped when said receiving and processing means is determined to be leaving the restricted area; a memory for storing data and information; wherein the digital signal from each said transmitter includes information to uniquely identify each restricted area on the golf course; wherein said receiving and processing means includes means for decoding each digital signal to determine the identity of restricted area being intruded; wherein said receiving and processing means outputs a control signal causing the time reflected on said event clock and the identity of the restricted area intruded to be stored in said memory when said receiving and processing means exits the restricted area. 28. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 24, wherein each said transmitter is configured to transmit digital signals at a different frequency from other transmitters and wherein said receiving and processing means includes a receiver for each transmission frequency. 29. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 24, wherein the digital signal from each said transmitter includes information to identify at least which of said first and second antennas the signal is being radiated from and wherein said receiving and processing means includes means for decoding each signal to determine the information included in the signal being received. 30. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 24, wherein said transmission means includes a lightning protection device interconnected each transmitter and each antenna to protect the interconnected transmitter and antenna from the effects of lightning strikes. 31. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 20, wherein each of said antennas is disposed below grade. 32. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 1, wherein said transmission means includes microprocessing means for determining when to transmit the digital signal from said transmission means and for determining the digital signal to be transmitted. 33. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 32, wherein said transmission means includes a plurality of antennas and said microprocessing means determines when to transmit the digital signal from each antenna and the digital signal to be transmitted from each antenna. 34. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 33, wherein said transmission means includes a plurality of signal generating means for generating the signal to be transmitted at a specified power output, where there is one signal generating means for each antenna. 35. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 34, wherein said transmission means includes a power supply and means, responsive to said microprocessing means for enabling the selective interconnection of said power supply to a one of said signal generating means when said microprocessing means determines that the digital signal is to be transmitted from the antenna associated with the one of said generating means. 36. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 1, in which said system further includes an external visual warning means, disposed on the golf cart, for generating a visual signal, visible to golf course representatives at other locations on the golf course, to indicate the position of the golf cart with respect to the prespecified features on the golf course, said external visual warning means being responsive to said receiving and processing means control signals output signals, wherein said external visual warning means is activated when said receiving and processing means is determined to be located the restricted area. 37. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 1, in which said system further includes a display means, disposed on the golf cart, for displaying a pre-scripted message, where there is at least one pre-scripted message to be displayed that advises a golf cart operator of the cart's location with respect to the restricted area, wherein said display means further includes message determining means, responsive to said receiving and processing means control signals, for determining the prescripted message to display. 38. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 1, in which said system further includes a solar electrical power supply means for providing electrical power from ambient light to energize said signal transmission means, wherein said solar electrical power supply means further includes a solar power cell to generate electrical power from the ambient light incident upon said solar power cell. 39. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 1, wherein said transmission means includes a lightning protection device that protects said transmission means from the effects of lightning strikes. 40. A golf cart control and monitoring system, comprising: transmitting means for generating a plurality of digital signals, said transmitting means being disposed proximate each prespecified feature of a golf course; receiving and processing means, disposed on the golf cart, for receiving and processing the digital signals from said transmitting means to determine said receiving and processing means position with respect to the course prespecified feature and for providing a control signal that is representative of the position of said receiving and processing means; wherein said receiving and processing means outputs a first control signal when said receiving and processing means is determined to be located in a designated start area of the golf course and outputs a second control signal when said receiving and processing means is determined to be located in a designated end area of the golf course; and a playtime clock, said playtime clock being started responsive to the first control signal and stopped responsive to said second control signal. 41. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 40, in which said system further includes a playtime display means, responsive to output signals from said playtime clock, for displaying the time which has elapsed since said playtime clock was started responsive to the first control signal. 42. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 40, wherein said receiving and processing means includes a memory that stores data and information and means, responsive to the second control signal for storing in said memory the time reflected on said playtime clock when stopped. 43. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 42, wherein said receiving and processing means outputs a third control signal when said receiving and processing means is determined to be located in a designated intermediate travel position of the golf course and wherein the time reflected on said playtime clock is stored in said memory responsive to the third control signal. 44. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 43, wherein the digital signal being received includes information to identify the start area, the end area and the intermediate travel position, wherein said receiving and processing means determines the identity of the area, and the identity of the area is stored along with the time reflected on said playtime clock in said memory. 45. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 43, wherein said receiving and processing means includes means for comparing the playtime clock time for each designated intermediate travel position with a specified time interval for a given designated intermediate travel position to determine if there is slow play. 46. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 45, further including means, responsive to said comparing means, for advising the cart operator of slow play. 47. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 46, wherein said advising means is re-settable by the cart operator and includes a message display that provides a prescripted message advising the cart operator of slow play and an alarm means for providing at least one type of alarm signal to at least indicate the presence of a pre-scripted message on said message display. 48. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 40, in which said system further includes event log means, responsive to the receiving and processing means control signals representative of the position of said receiving and processing means, for generating a historical log of how many times and how long said receiving and processing means is determined to be located within golf course restricted areas; wherein said receiving and processing means generates a fourth control signal when said receiving and processing means is determined to be approaching the restricted area and generates a fifth control signal when said receiving and processing means is determined to be in the restricted area; and wherein said event log means begins to accumulate data upon receipt of the fifth control signal and terminates data accumulation when it is determined that said receiving and processing means has exited the restricted area. 49. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 48, wherein said event log means includes: an event counter, responsive to the receiving and processing means control signals representative of the position of said receiving and control means, for counting each time said receiving and control means is determined to have entered into restricted areas; time accumulation means, responsive to the receiving and processing means control signals representative of the position of said receiving and control means, for determining at least the cumulative amount of time that said receiving and processing means is determined to be located in restricted areas; and an event display means for displaying the cumulative amount of time in the restricted areas of the course. 50. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 40, wherein said transmission means includes: microprocessing means for determining when to transmit the digital signal from said transmission means and for determining the digital signal to be transmitted; at least one antenna proximate each prespecified feature; at least one signal generating means for generating the signal to be transmitted at a specified power output, where there is one signal generating means for each antenna; and wherein said microprocessing means determines when to transmit the digital signal from each antenna and the digital signal to be transmitted from each antenna. 51. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 50, wherein said transmission means includes a power supply and means, responsive to said microprocessing means for enabling the selective interconnection of said power supply to a one of said signal generating means when said microprocessing means determines that the digital signal is to be transmitted from the antenna associated with the one of said generating means. 52. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 50, wherein each of said antennas is disposed below grade. 53. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 40, in which said system further includes an external visual warning means, disposed on the golf cart, for generating a visual signal, visible to golf course representatives at other locations on the golf course, to indicate the position of the golf cart with respect to the prespecified features on the golf course, said external visual warning means being responsive to said receiving and processing means control signals, wherein said external visual warning means is activated when said receiving and processing means is determined to be located within the restricted area. 54. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim in which said system further includes a display means, disposed on the golf cart, for displaying a pre-scripted message, where there is at least one pre-scripted message to be displayed that advises a golf cart operator of the cart's location with respect to the restricted area, wherein said display means further includes message determining means, responsive to said receiving and processing means control signals, for determining the prescripted message to display. 55. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim in which said system further includes a solar electrical power supply means for providing electrical power from ambient light to energize said signal transmission means, wherein said solar electrical power supply means further includes a solar power cell to generate electrical power from the ambient light incident upon said solar power cell. 56. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim wherein said transmission means includes a lightning protection device that protects said transmission means from the effects of lightning strikes. 57. A golf cart control and monitoring system, comprising: transmitting means for generating a plurality of digital signals, said transmitting means being disposed proximate each prespecified feature of a golf course; receiving and processing means, disposed on the golf cart, for receiving and processing the digital signals from said transmitting means to determine said receiving and processing means position with respect to the course prespecified feature and for providing a control signal that is representative of the position of said receiving and processing means; and an external visual warning means, disposed on the golf cart, for generating a visual signal, visible to golf course representatives at other locations on the golf course, to indicate the position of the golf cart with respect to the prespecified features on the golf course, said external visual warning means being responsive to said receiving and processing means control signals, wherein said external visual warning means is activated when said receiving and processing means is determined to be located within the restricted area. 58. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 57, wherein the visual signal is terminated when said receiving and processing means is determined to be exiting the restricted area. 59. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 57, wherein said external visual warning means includes a plurality of lights. 60. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 59, wherein said external visual warning means includes a sequencer that controls the lighting of said plurality of lights. 61. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 60, wherein said external visual warning means further includes a plurality of switches, controlled by said sequencer, for switchably and selectively energizing each of said plurality of lights so that said lights are sequentially and repetitively lit. 62. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 57, wherein said receiving and processing means and said external visual warning means are contained in a single housing. 63. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 57, wherein said receiving and processing means outputs a first control signal when said receiving and processing means is determined to be approaching the restricted area and outputs a second control signal when said receiving and processing means is determined to be located in the restricted area and wherein said external visual alarm is actuated responsive to said second control signal. 64. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 63, in which said system further includes event log means, responsive to the receiving and processing means control signals representative of the position of said receiving and control means, for generating a historical log of how many times and how long said receiving and processing means is determined to be located within golf course restricted areas, and wherein said event log means begins to accumulate data upon receipt of the second control signal and terminates data accumulation when it is determined that said receiving and processing means has exited the restricted area. 65. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 64, wherein said event log means includes: an event counter, responsive to the receiving and processing means control signals representative of the position of said receiving and control means, for counting each time said receiving and control means is determined to have entered into restricted areas; time accumulation means, responsive to the receiving and processing means control signals representative of the position of said receiving and control means, for determining at least the cumulative amount of time that said receiving and processing means is determined to be located in restricted areas; and an event display means for displaying the cumulative amount of time in the restricted areas of the course. 66. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 63, wherein said receiving and processing means outputs a third control signal when said receiving and processing means is determined to be located in a designated start area of the golf course and outputs a fourth control signal when said receiving and processing means is determined to be located in a designated end area of the golf course; and in which said system includes a playtime clock, said playtime clock being started responsive to the third control signal and stopped responsive to said fourth control signal, and a playtime display means, responsive to output signals from said playtime clock, for displaying the time which has elapsed since said playtime clock was started responsive to said third control signal. 67. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 66, wherein said receiving and processing means outputs a fifth control signal when said receiving and processing means is determined to be located in a designated intermediate travel position of the golf course, in which said receiving and processing means includes a memory and wherein the time reflected on said playtime clock is stored in said memory responsive to each fifth control signal. 68. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 67, wherein the digital signal being received includes information to identify the start area, the end area and the intermediate travel position, wherein said receiving and processing means determines the identity of the area, and the identity of the area is stored along with the time reflected on said playtime clock in said memory. 69. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 57, wherein said transmission means includes: microprocessing means for determining when to transmit the digital signal from said transmission means and for determining the digital signal to be transmitted; at least one antenna proximate each prespecified feature; at least one signal generating means for generating the signal to be transmitted at a specified power output, where there is one signal generating means for each antenna; and wherein said microprocessing means determines when to transmit the digital signal from each antenna and the digital signal to be transmitted from each antenna. 70. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 69, wherein said transmission means includes a power supply and means, responsive to said microprocessing means for enabling the selective interconnection of said power supply to a one of said signal generating means when said microprocessing means determines that the digital signal is to be transmitted from the antenna associated with the one of said generating means. 71. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 69, wherein each of said antennas is disposed below grade. 72. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 57, in which said system further includes a display means, disposed on the golf cart, for displaying a pre-scripted message, where there is at least one pre-scripted message to be displayed that advises a golf cart operator of the cart's location with respect to the restricted area, wherein said display means further includes message determining means, responsive to said receiving and processing means control signals, for determining the prescripted message to display. 73. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 57, in which said system further includes a solar electrical power supply means for providing electrical power from ambient light to energize said signal transmission means, wherein said solar electrical power supply means further includes a solar power cell to generate electrical power from the ambient light incident upon said solar power cell. 74. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 57, wherein said transmission means includes a lightning protection device that protects said transmission means from the effects of lightning strikes. 75. A golf cart control and monitoring system, comprising: transmitting means for generating a plurality of digital signals, said transmitting means being disposed proximate each prespecified feature of a golf course; receiving and processing means, disposed on the golf cart, for receiving and processing the digital signals from said transmitting means to determine said receiving and processing means position with respect to the course prespecified feature and for providing a control signal that is representative of the position of said receiving and processing means; and display means, disposed on the golf cart and being responsive to the receiving and processing means control signals, for displaying a pre-scripted message, where there is at least one pre-scripted message to be displayed that advises a golf cart operator of the cart's location with respect to the course prespecified feature. 76. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 75, wherein said display means includes message determining means, responsive to said receiving and processing means control signals, for determining the pre-scripted message to display. 77. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 76, wherein said receiving and processing means outputs a first control signal when it is determined that said receiving and processing means is approaching a restricted area and generates a second control signal when it is determined that said receiving and processing means is entering the restricted area. 78. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 77, wherein said display means displays a first pre-scripted message responsive to said first control signal and displays a second pre-scripted message responsive to said second control signal. 79. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 78, wherein said display means further includes means, responsive to said first and second control signals, for generating auditory alarms. 80. The golf cart control and monitoring apparatus of claim 77, wherein said display means includes a liquid crystal display, said liquid crystal display being responsive to said message determining means so the selected pre-scripted message is displayed. 81. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 77, in which said system further includes event log means, responsive to the receiving and processing means control signals representative of the position of said receiving and control means, for generating a historical log of how many times and how long said receiving and processing means is determined to be located within golf course restricted areas, and wherein said event log means begins to accumulate data upon receipt of the second control signal and terminates data accumulation when it is determined that said receiving and processing means has exited the restricted area. 82. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 81, wherein said event log means includes: an event counter, responsive to the receiving and processing means control signals representative of the position of said receiving and control means, for counting each time said receiving and control means is determined to have entered into restricted areas; time accumulation means, responsive to the receiving and processing means control signals representative of the position of said receiving and control means, for determining at least the cumulative amount of time that said receiving and processing means is determined to be located in restricted areas; and an event display means for displaying the cumulative amount of time in the restricted areas of the course. 83. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 77, wherein said receiving and processing means outputs a third control signal when said receiving and processing means is determined to be located in a designated start area of the golf course and outputs a fourth control signal when said receiving and processing means is determined to be located in a designated end area of the golf course; and in which said system includes a playtime clock, said playtime clock being started responsive to the third control signal and stopped responsive to said fourth control signal, and a playtime display means, responsive to output signals from said playtime clock, for displaying the time which has elapsed since said playtime clock was started responsive to said third control signal. 84. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 83, wherein said receiving and processing means outputs a fifth control signal when said receiving and processing means is determined to be located in a designated intermediate travel position of the golf course, in which said receiving and processing means includes a memory and wherein the time reflected on said playtime clock is stored in said memory responsive to each fifth control signal. 85. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 84, wherein the digital signal being received includes information to identify the start area, the end area and the intermediate travel position, wherein said receiving and processing means determines the identity of the area, and the identity of the area is stored along with the time reflected on said playtime clock in said memory. 86. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 77, wherein each of said antennas is disposed below grade. 87. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 75, wherein said transmission means includes: microprocessing means for determining when to transmit the digital signal from said transmission means and for determining the digital signal to be transmitted; at least one antenna proximate each prespecified feature; at least one signal generating means for generating the signal to be transmitted at a specified power output, where there is one signal generating means for each antenna; and wherein said microprocessing means determines when to transmit the digital signal from each antenna and the digital signal to be transmitted from each antenna. 88. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 87, wherein said transmission means includes a power supply and means, responsive to said microprocessing means for enabling the selective interconnection of said power supply to a one of said signal generating means when said microprocessing means determines that the digital signal is to be transmitted from the antenna associated with the one of said generating means. 89. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 75, in which said system further includes an external visual warning means, disposed on the golf cart, for generating a visual signal, visible to golf course representatives at other locations on the golf course, to indicate the position of the golf cart with respect to the prespecified features on the golf course, said external visual warning means being responsive to said receiving and processing means control signals, wherein said external visual warning means is activated when said receiving and processing means is determined to be located within the restricted area. 90. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 75, in which said system further includes a solar electrical power supply means for providing electrical power from ambient light to energize said signal transmission means, wherein said solar electrical power supply means further includes a solar power cell to generate electrical power from the ambient light incident upon said solar power cell. 91. The golf cart control and monitoring system of claim 75, wherein said transmission means includes a lightning protection device that protects said transmission means from the effects of lightning strikes. 92. A golfing control and monitoring apparatus, comprising: hole determining means for receiving digital signals being transmitted proximate at least one prespecified feature of a golf course and for determining, based on the received digital signals, a hole being played; time interval means for storing a plurality of predetermined time intervals, each predetermined time interval being representative of the time of play for each hole on a golf course and for selecting the predetermined time interval for the hole being played; and an elapsed timer, responsive to said hole determining and time interval means, said elapsed timer outputting signals representative of time that has elapsed for the hole being played. 93. The golfing control and monitoring apparatus of claim 92, further comprising a memory storage means for storing information and data, wherein time taken to play a given hole and an identifier for the given hole is stored in said memory storage means. 94. The golfing control and monitoring apparatus of claim 93, further comprising means for retrieving at least the time interval and hole identifier data stored in said memory storage means and for displaying retrieved information to course representatives. 95. The golfing control and monitoring apparatus of claim 92, further comprising a display means, responsive to said elapsed timer means and said time interval means, for displaying time of play for each hole. 96. The golfing control and monitoring apparatus of claim 95, wherein said display means includes a count-down clock display, wherein said count-down display initially displays the selected predetermined time interval, and wherein the time of play being displayed is decremented responsive to clocking signals from said elapsed timer. 97. The golfing control and monitoring apparatus of claim 96, further comprises time means for determining when time that has elapsed for the hole being played exceeds the selected predetermined time interval. 98. The golfing control and monitoring apparatus of claim 97, wherein said display means further includes a message display for displaying a pre-scripted message when said time means determines that the selected predetermined time interval is exceeded. 99. The golfing control and monitoring apparatus of claim 97, further comprising a time alarm, said time alarm providing an alarm signal to a golfer when said time means determines that the selected predetermined time interval is exceeded. 100. The golfing control and monitoring apparatus of claim 93, wherein said display means includes a count-up clock to display time of play for each hole and wherein the time of play being displayed for a given hole is incremented responsive to clocking signals from said elapsed timer. 101. The golfing control and monitoring apparatus of claim 100, further comprises time means for determining when time that has elapsed for the hole being played exceeds the selected predetermined time interval. 102. The golfing control and monitoring apparatus of claim 101, wherein said display means further includes a message display for displaying a pre-scripted message when said time means determines that the selected predetermined time interval is exceeded. 103. The golfing control and monitoring apparatus of claim 101, further comprising a time alarm, said time alarm providing an alarm signal to a golfer when said time means determines that the selected predetermined time interval is exceeded. 104. The golfing control and monitoring apparatus of claim 92, further comprising: time warning means for determining when the time that has elapsed for the hole being played meets any of at least one specified warning time interval; and warning alarm means, responsive to said time warning means, for generating a warning signal to a golfer to indicate that one of the said at least one specified warning time intervals has been met. 105. The golfing control and monitoring apparatus of claim 104, wherein said warning alarm means includes an alarm that generates an auditory signal. 106. The golfing control and monitoring apparatus of claim 100, where one group of digital signals being transmitted is representative of a starting point for play, where a second group of digital signals being transmitted is representative of an ending point for play, and where a third group of digital signals being transmitted is representative of an intermediate play position and wherein said hole determining means includes signal receiving processing and display means for receiving and processing the digital signals being transmitted proximate at least one prespecified course feature and for providing output signals representative of the location of said hole determining means, where said signal receiving processing and display means provides a start signal when the first digital signal group is received, provides a stop signal when the second digital signal group is received, and provides an intermediate play position when the third digital signal group is received. 107. The golfing control and monitoring apparatus of claim 106, wherein said time interval means selects the predetermined time interval for each hole to be played responsive to said start, stop, and intermediate play control signals. 108. The golfing control and monitoring apparatus of claim 107, wherein the digital signal for each of the first, second and third group of digital signals is transmitted at a different frequency and wherein said signal receiving processing and display means includes a plurality of receivers, one for each frequency being used for the transmission of each group of digital signals. 109. The golfing control and monitoring apparatus of claim 107, wherein the digital signal for each of the first, second and third group of digital signals is transmitted at the same frequency and wherein said signal receiving processing and display means includes a receiver configured for the frequency being used for transmission of digital signals. 110. The golfing control and monitoring apparatus of claim 106, wherein each designated starting point area, each designated ending point area, and each designated intermediate play position are located so that each hole of the golf course is defined by a unique starting and ending point. 111. The golfing control and monitoring apparatus of claim 106, where digital signals are being transmitted proximate at least one restricted area of a golf course; wherein said signal receiving processing and display means further includes receiving and processing the digital signals being transmitted from each of said at least one restricted area and for providing output signals representative of said signal receiving processing and display means position with respect to the restricted area, where at least one of said signal receiving and processing means output signals is representative of said signal receiving processing and display means being located in the at least one restricted area; and in which said golfing control and monitoring apparatus further includes event log means, responsive to the signal receiving and processing means output signals, for generating a historical log of how long and how many times the golf cart was located within restricted areas of the golf course. 112. The golfing control and monitoring apparatus of claim 111, wherein said event log means includes: means, responsive to the signal receiving and processing means output signals, for counting each time the golf cart has entered into restricted areas of the golf course and for providing a visual display to a golf cart operator of the total number of restricted area entries; and time means, responsive to the signal receiving and processing means output signals, for determining the cumulative amount of time the golf cart has been located in restricted areas and for providing a visual display to the golf cart operator of the cumulative time. 113. The golfing control and monitoring apparatus of claim 111, wherein said signal receiving processing and display means further includes a display means for displaying at least one prescripted message to advise of said signal receiving processing and display means location with respect to the restricted area, wherein said display means further includes message determining means, responsive to the signal receiving and processing means output signals, for determining which pre-scripted message to display. 