A pulse width of a pulse train signal used for PWM (pulse width modulation) control is monitored. When a variation of the pulse width substantially disappears within a specified time, it is determined that an operating point on an output characteristic curve of a photovoltaic array is located on the open-circuit voltage side of a maximum power point. When the variation of the pulse width does not disappear after the elapse of the specified time, it is determined that the operating point is located on the short-circuit current side of the maximum power point. Based on the determination result, the inverter control is performed such that the operating point follows the maximum power point.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An inverter control method which performs on/off control of switching elements connected to a DC power supply such that an inverter output current signal coincides with a reference current waveform signal so as to convert DC power from the DC power supply into an AC power, comprising: monitoring one of (1) a pulse width of a pulse train signal for executing the on/off control of the switching elements, (2) an error between the reference current waveform signal and the inverter output current signal and (3) change per unit time of voltage at a DC power supply operating point; determining whether the DC power supply operating point is located on an open-circuit voltage side or on a short-circuit current side of a maximum power point on an output characteristic curve of the DC power supply based on a result of the monitoring; and controlling the inverter output based on a result of the determination such that the DC power supply operating point follows the maximum power point. 2. An inverter control method as claimed in claim 1, wherein the DC power supply is a photovoltaic array. 3. An inverter control method as claimed in claim 1, further comprising: increasing the inverter output such that the DC power supply operating point shifts toward the maximum power point when it is determined that the operating point is located on the open-circuit voltage side of the maximum power point, and decreasing the inverter output such that the operating point shifts to the open-circuit voltage side when it is determined that the operating point is located on the short-circuit current side of the maximum power point. 4. An inverter control method as claimed in claim 3, wherein the increasing and decreasing of the inverter output are performed by increasing and decreasing an amplitude of the reference current waveform signal, respectively. 5. An inverter control method as claimed in claim 4, wherein the error between the reference current waveform signal and the inverter output current signal is monitored, and when the error substantially disappears within a specified time, it is determined that the DC power supply operating point is located on the open-circuit voltage side of the maximum power point and the amplitude of the reference current waveform signal is increased to shift the operating point toward the maximum power point, and it is determined that the operating point is located on the short-circuit current side of the maximum power point when the error does not disappear after an elapse of the specified time, and the amplitude of the reference current waveform signal is reduced to shift the operating point to the open-circuit voltage side. 6. An inverter control method as claimed in claim 1, wherein the pulse width of the pulse train signal is monitored, and when a variation of the pulse width substantially disappears within a specified time, it is determined that the operating point on the output characteristic curve of the DC power supply is located on the open-circuit voltage side of the maximum power point, and it is determined that the operating point is located on the short-circuit current side of the maximum power point when the variation of the pulse width does not disappear after an elapse of the specified time, and then, based on the determination, the on/off operation of the switching elements is performed through pulse width modulation (PWM) control. 7. An inverter control method as claimed in claim 6, wherein when the pulse width becomes greater than a preset maximum permissible width, it is determined that the operating point is located on the short-circuit current side of the maximum power point. 8. An inverter control method as claimed in claim 1, wherein the change per unit time of voltage at the DC power supply operating point is monitored. 9. An inverter control method as claimed in claim 8, wherein an upper limit value of the change per unit time of voltage at the DC power supply operating point is set, and the upper limit value is compared with the monitored change of voltage to determine the position of the DC power supply operating point on the output characteristic curve. 10. An inverter control method as claimed in claim 9, wherein the change per unit time of voltage at the DC power supply operating point is monitored while executing the operation of increasing or decreasing the inverter output, and when the voltage at the DC power supply operating point is lowered and the change of voltage does not exceed the upper limit value, it is determined that the DC power supply operating point is located on the open-circuit voltage side of the maximum power point, and it is determined that the DC power supply operating point is located on the short-circuit current side of the maximum power point when the voltage at the DC power supply operating point is lowered and the change of voltage exceeds the upper limit value. 11. An inverter control method as claimed in claim 8, wherein a controlled variable of the inverter output is set according to a magnitude of the change per unit time of voltage at the DC power supply operating point. 12. An inverter control method as claimed in claim 8, wherein the DC power supply operating point is made to follow the maximum power point on the output characteristic curve by monitoring the error between the reference current waveform signal and the inverter output current signal in addition to the change per unit time of voltage at the DC power supply operating point. 13. An inverter control method as claimed in claim 12, wherein both the change per unit time of voltage at the DC power supply operating point and the error between the reference current waveform signal and the inverter output current signal are monitored while the operation of increasing or decreasing the inverter output is repeatedly performed alternately with an operation of maintaining an unchanged state of the inverter output. 14. An inverter control method as claimed in claim 12, wherein the change per unit time of voltage at the DC power supply operating point and the error between the reference current waveform signal and the inverter output current signal are monitored while the operation of increasing the inverter output is repeatedly performed alternately with an operation of maintaining the unchanged state of the inverter output; when the voltage at the DC power supply operating point is lowered and the change of voltage does not exceed the upper limit value, or when the error substantially disappears within a specified time, it is determined that the DC power supply operating point is located on the open-circuit voltage side of the maximum power point; and when the voltage at the DC power supply operating point is lowered and the change of voltage exceeds the upper limit value, or when the error does not disappear after an elapse of the specified time, it is determined that the DC power supply operating point is located on the short-circuit current side of the maximum power point. 15. An inverter control method as claimed in claim 14, wherein the alternate operations of increasing the inverter output and maintaining the unchanged state of the inverter output are continued when it is determined that the DC power supply operating point is located on the open-circuit voltage side of the maximum power point; and when it is decided that the DC power supply operating point is located on the short-circuit current side of the maximum power point, switchover to the operation of decreasing the inverter output is performed. 16. An inverter control method as claimed in claim 8, wherein the DC power supply operating point is made to follow the maximum power point on the output characteristic curve by monitoring the variation of the pulse width of the pulse train signal in addition to the change per unit time of voltage at the DC power supply operating point. 17. An inverter control method as claimed in claim 16, wherein the change per unit time of voltage at the DC power supply operating point and the variation of the pulse width of the pulse train signal are monitored while the operation of increasing or decreasing the inverter output is repeatedly performed alternately with an operation of maintaining an unchanged state of the inverter output. 18. An inverter control method as claimed in claim 16, wherein the change per unit time of voltage at the DC power supply operating point and the variation of the pulse width of the pulse train signal are monitored while the operation of increasing the inverter output is repeatedly performed alternately with an operation of maintaining an unchanged state of the inverter output; when the voltage at the DC power supply operating point is lowered and the change of voltage does not exceed the upper limit value, or when the variation of the pulse width substantially disappears within a specified time, it is determined that the DC power supply operating point is located on the open-circuit voltage side of the maximum power point; and when the voltage at the DC power supply operating point is lowered and the change of voltage exceeds the upper limit value, or when the variation of the pulse width does not disappear after an elapse of the specified timed, it is determined that the DC power supply operating point is located on the short-circuit current side of the maximum power point. 19. An inverter control method as claimed in claim 18, wherein the alternate operations of increasing the inverter output and maintaining the unchanged state of the inverter output are continued when it is determined that the DC power supply operating point is located on the open-circuit voltage side of the maximum power point; and switchover to the operation of decreasing the inverter output is performed when it is determined that the DC power supply operating point is located on the short-circuit current side of the maximum power point. 20. An inverter apparatus which has switching elements connected to a DC power supply and a control circuit for executing an on/off control of the switching elements such that an inverter output current signal coincides with a reference current waveform signal, and converts DC power from the DC power supply into an alternating current, wherein the control circuit comprises: a monitoring section which monitors one of (1) a pulse width of a pulse train signal for executing the on/off control of the switching elements, (2) an error between the reference current waveform signal and the inverter output current signal and (3) change per unit time of voltage at a DC power supply operating point, and determines whether the DC power supply operating point is located on an open-circuit voltage side or on a short-circuit current side of a maximum power point on an output characteristic curve of the DC power supply, based on a result of the monitoring; and a control section which controls the inverter output such that the DC power supply operating point follows the maximum power point, based on a result of made by the monitoring section. 21. An inverter apparatus as claimed in claim 20, wherein the monitoring section monitors the pulse width of the pulse train signal, thereby determining that the operating point on the output characteristic curve of the DC power supply is located on the open-circuit voltage side of the maximum power point when a variation of the pulse width substantially disappears within a specified time, and determining that the operating point is located on the short-circuit current side of the maximum power point when the variation of the pulse width does not disappear after an elapse of the specified time; when the monitoring section determines that the operating point is located on the open-circuit voltage side of the maximum power point, the control section increases the inverter output such that the operating point shifts toward the maximum power point; and when the monitoring section determines that the operating point is located on the short-circuit current side of the maximum power point, the control section reduces the inverter output such that the operating point shifts to the open-circuit voltage side. 22. An inverter apparatus as claimed in claim 21, wherein the monitoring section comprises a pulse width comparator comparing the pulse width with a preset maximum permissible width and determines that the operating point is located on the short-circuit current side of the maximum power point when the pulse width is wider than the maximum permissible width. 23. An inverter apparatus as claimed in claim 20, wherein the monitoring section monitors the error between the reference current waveform signal and the inverter output current signal, thereby determining that the operating point on the output characteristic curve of the DC power supply is located on the open-circuit voltage side of the maximum power point when the error substantially disappears within a specified time, and determining that the operating point is located on the short-circuit current side of the maximum power point when the error does not disappear after an elapse of the specified time; when the monitoring section determines that the operating point is located on the open-circuit voltage side of the maximum power point, the control section shifts the operating point toward the maximum power point by controlling the amplitude of the reference current waveform signal to increase; and when the monitoring section determines that the operating point is located on the short-circuit current side of the maximum power point, the control section shifts the operating point to the open-circuit voltage side by controlling the amplitude of the reference current waveform signal to decrease. 24. An inverter apparatus as claimed in claim 20, wherein the monitoring section monitors the change per unit time of voltage at the DC power supply operating point, thereby determining that the DC power supply operating point is located on the open-circuit voltage side of the maximum power point when the change per unit time of voltage at the DC power supply operating point does not exceed the upper limit value, and determining that the DC power supply operating point is located on the short-circuit current side of the maximum power point when the change of voltage exceeds the upper limit value. 25. An inverter apparatus as claimed in claim 24, wherein when the monitoring section determines that the DC power supply operating point is located on the open-circuit voltage side of the maximum power point, the control section continues the operation of increasing the inverter output, and switches over to the operation of decreasing the inverter output when the monitoring section determines that the DC power supply operating point is located on the short-circuit current side of the maximum power point. 26. An inverter apparatus as claimed in claim 25, wherein the control circuit further comprises an error monitoring section which monitors the error between the reference current waveform signal and the inverter output current signal, and which determines that the DC power supply operating point is located on the open-circuit voltage side of the maximum power point when the error substantially disappears within a specified time, and which determines that the DC power supply operating point is located on the short-circuit current side of the maximum power point when the error does not disappear after an elapse of the specified time. 27. An inverter apparatus as claimed in claim 25, wherein the control circuit further comprises a pulse width monitoring section which monitors the pulse width of the pulse train signal, and which determines that the DC power supply operating point is located on the open-circuit voltage side of the maximum power point when the variation of the pulse width substantially disappears within a specified time, and which determines that the DC power supply operating point is located on the short-circuit current side of the maximum power point when the variation of the pulse width does not disappear after an elapse of the specified time. 28. An inverter apparatus as claimed in claim 20, wherein the DC power supply is a photovoltaic array. 