A holographic sundial comprising a hologram made using a holographic recording apparatus including a light-sensitive recording medium, a three-dimensional model, in one or more parts, bearing a plurality of indicia over a range of angles corresponding to hour angles of the sun, illumination of the three-dimensional model such that light is incident on the light-sensitive recording medium from every angle of the three-dimensional model in a manner conformal to the represented hour angle, and a reference ray of light incident on the recording medium from one angular direction which defines the angular direction for viewing the recorded image. The hologram, under direct illumination by light from the sun, produces a continuously varying image which indicates the time of day.
Claims I claim: 1. A holographic sundial comprising a hologram made using a holographic recording apparatus which includes the following elements: (a) a light-sensitive recording medium, (b) a three-dimensional recording model, in one or more parts, bearing a plurality of time marks over a range of angles corresponding to hour angles of the sun, (c) means for illuminating said three-dimensional recording model such that light is incident on said light-sensitive recording medium from every angle of said three-dimensional recording model in a manner conformal to the represented hour angle, (d) a reference beam of light incident on the recording medium from one angular direction which defines the angular direction for viewing the recorded image, whereby said hologram, under direct illumination by light from the sun, provides holographic means for producing an image which indicates the time of day. 2. The holographic sundial of claim 1 wherein is included a mounting structure. 3. The holographic sundial of claim 1 wherein is included a transparent weather cover. 4. The holographic sundial of claim 1 wherein seasonal differences between local solar time and standard time are incorporated in said three-dimensional recording model at various angles corresponding to the seasonally varying declination angle of the sun. 5. The holographic sundial of claim 1 wherein additional images are recorded. 6. The holographic sundial of claim 1 wherein is recorded the image of a gnomon or shadow casting object providing obscuring means to indicate a time mark. 7. The holographic sundial of claim 1 wherein are recorded images of indicia providing means for indicating the time of year. 8. The holographic sundial of claim 1 wherein an algorithmic model of said holographic recording apparatus is used to compute the combination of said reference ray of light with light scattered from said three-dimensional recording model or its equivalent at the position of said light-sensitive recording medium whereby said hologram is produced without the physical embodiment of said holographic recording apparatus. 9. A holographic sundial comprising a hologram made by reproducing means from a holographic master recording, said holographic master recording made using a holographic recording apparatus which includes the following elements: (a) a light-sensitive recording medium, (b) a three-dimensional recording model, in one or more parts, bearing a plurality of time marks over a range of angles corresponding to hour angles of the sun, (c) means for illuminating said three-dimensional recording model such that light is incident on said light-sensitive recording medium from every angle of said three-dimensional recording model in a manner conformal to the represented hour angle, (d) a reference beam of light incident on the recording medium from one angular direction which defines the angular direction for viewing the recorded image, whereby said hologram, under direct illumination by light from the sun, provides holographic means for producing an image which indicates the time of day. 10. The holographic sundial of claim 9 wherein is included a mounting structure. 11. The holographic sundial of claim 9 wherein is included a transparent weather cover. 12. The holographic sundial of claim 9 wherein seasonal differences between local solar time and standard time are incorporated in said three-dimensional recording model at various angles corresponding to the seasonally varying declination angle of the sun. 13. The holographic sundial of claim 9 wherein additional images are recorded. 14. The holographic sundial of claim 9 wherein is recorded the image of a gnomon or shadow casting object providing obscuring means to indicate a time mark. 15. The holographic sundial of claim 9 wherein are recorded images of indicia providing means for indicating the time of year. 16. The holographic sundial of claim 9 wherein an algorithmic model of said holographic recording apparatus is used to compute the combination of said reference ray of light with light scattered from said three-dimensional recording model or its equivalent at the position of said light-sensitive recording medium whereby said holographic master recording is produced without the physical embodiment of said holographic recording apparatus. 