A feeder (10) for bison and other herd-type animals, particularly those difficult to domesticate, includes a feed storage unit (16) having a feed compartment (72) for holding animal feed, a frame (12) for carrying the storage unit (16), a feed dispensing unit (18) for delivering feed from the compartment (72), a controller unit (14) for identifying the animal to be fed, and actuating the dispensing unit (18) to deliver a ration of animal feed in response to the identification signal received. The feeder (10) preferably includes a plurality of dispensing units (18) for feeding several animals at different sites (48, 50, 52). Legs (102) located between the feeding sites (48, 50, 52) separate the animals during feeding, and visual barriers (106) inhibit the feeding animals from seeing one another. Preferably, only portions of the feed are intermittently delivered by the dispensing unit (18) so that dominant animals are inhibited from appropriating the share of lesser animals in the herd.
Claims I claim: 1. An animal feeding apparatus for free access feeding by animals in a herd, said apparatus comprising: a storage unit for holding a quantity of feed; a multiplicity of feed dispensers circumferentially arrayed about said storage unit, each of said feed dispensers being in independent operative communication with said storage unit for selectively and independently delivering a portion of said feed to a respective stationary feeding site accessible to each of said animal in the herd; a respective animal identifying element adapted for attachment to each animal to be fed in the herd; a multiplicity of antennae, and mounting means positioning each of said antennae proximate to a respective one of said feeding sites for receiving respective animal identifying signals from the identifying elements worn by the animal to be fed when in proximity to one of said antennae; a controller for identifying animals to be fed and for independently and selectively actuating each of said feed dispensers to deliver a portion of said feed specific to the identified animal; and a panel carrying one of said antennae located proximate to each of said feeding sites, each of said panels being configured in vertically oriented for obstructing the view of the animal at one feeding station of other animals in the herd. 2. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein said feeding site includes a feed receiver coupled to said feed dispenser for receiving said portion of feed and configured for permitting an animal to feed therefrom. 3. An animal feeding apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein said controller is operatively connected to each of said feed dispensers for simultaneously delivering a portion of feed specific to different animals in the herd located at respective feeding sites and for successively delivering portions of one animal's total periodic ration by any of said feed dispensers. 4. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein said second dispenser is operatively coupled to said controller for dispensing said material concurrently with said portion of feed. 5. An animal feeder as set forth in claim 1, wherein said apparatus includes a carriage having a plurality of wheels rotatably mounted thereon for movably carrying said storage unit of feed dispensers, controller, and antennae. 6. Apparatus as set forth in claim 5, including a frame mounting means extending outwardly from said storage unit for inhibiting movement of animals between adjacent feeding sites. 7. Apparatus as set forth in claim 6, including at least one barrier mounted on said inhibiting means for restricting vision of feeding animals at adjacent feeding sites. 8. Apparatus as set forth in claim 6, wherein said inhibiting means are pivotally mounted on said frame for shifting between a retracted position proximate said storage unit and an extended position for inhibiting movement of animals between adjacent feeding sites. 9. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein said controller is programmable for dispensing a preselected ration of animal feed corresponding to identified individual animals in multiple successive intermittently delivered portions. 10. Apparatus as set forth in claim 9, wherein said controller is operatively coupled to said feed dispenser whereby said intermittently delivered portions are delivered by said feed dispenser only in response to signals received by said antenna corresponding to said identified individual animals. 11. Apparatus as set forth in claim 9, wherein said multiple successive intermittently delivered portions are dispensed at preselected intervals. 12. Apparatus as set forth in claim 9, wherein said controller is operatively coupled to said feed dispenser for identifying and delivering a selected quantity of feed to an identified animal during each of a plurality of successive feeding cycle periods. 13. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1, including means for applying a liquid spray to the animal. 14. Apparatus as set forth in claim 13, wherein said spray is an insecticide. 15. Apparatus as set forth in claim 13, wherein said spray applying means is operatively coupled to said controller for administering said spray responsive to the presence of an animal at the feeding site. 16. Apparatus as set forth in claim 15, wherein said spray applying means is operatively coupled to said antenna for applying spray in response to signals received by said antenna corresponding to the identified individual animal. 17. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1, including power supply means carried by the apparatus. 18. An apparatus as set forth in claim 17, wherein said power supply means includes a solar panel. 19. An apparatus as set forth in claim 17, wherein said power supply means includes a wind powered generator. 20. An apparatus as set forth in claim 17, wherein said power supply means includes a petroleum fueled generator. 21. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1, including means for applying a liquid spray to the animal. 22. Apparatus as set forth in claim 21, wherein said spray is an insecticide. 23. Apparatus as set forth in claim 21, wherein said spray applying means is operatively coupled to said controller for administering said spray responsive to the presence of an animal at the feeding site. 24. Apparatus as set forth in claim 21, wherein said spray applying means is operatively coupled to said antenna for applying spray in response to signals received by said antenna corresponding to the identified individual animal. 25. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1, including means shiftably mounting said panel proximate the head of the animal during spraying at said spraying site for yielding responsive to engagement by the animal's head. 26. An animal feeding apparatus for feeding and spraying animals in a herd comprising: a storage unit for holding feed for said herd of animals; feed delivery means for receiving feed from said storage unit and delivering a portion of feed to a feeding site accessible to each of said animals in the herd; an individual animal-identifying element adapted for attachment to each animal of the herd in order to generate a unique identifying signal for each animal respectively; an antenna located proximate said feeding site for receiving an identifying signal when the corresponding element-bearing animal is located proximate thereto; spray-delivery means for selectively applying a liquid spray to animals at the feeding site; and a controller including memory means for storing therein the feeding and spray regimen of animals in the herd for a respective predetermined time period, said controller being operatively connected to said feed delivery means, said antenna, and said spray-delivery means for selectively administering a dose of spray and for preventing overdosing of the identified animal with said liquid spray during said predetermined time period in response to said identifying signal, and for feeding a portion of a total periodic ration prescribed by said regimen for the identified animal in response to said identifying signal. 27. An animal feeder as set forth in claim 26, wherein said apparatus includes a carriage having a plurality of wheels rotatably mounted thereon for movably carrying said storage unit of feed dispensers, controller, and antennae. 28. An apparatus as set forth in claim 26, including power supply means carried by the apparatus. 29. An apparartus as set forth in claim 28, wherein said power supply means includes a solar panel. 30. An apparatus as set forth in claim 28, wherein said power supply means includes a wind powered generator. 31. An apparatus as set forth in claim 28, wherein said power supply means includes a petroleum fuel generator. 32. Apparatus as set forth in claim 26, including a plurality of spray nozzles for spraying a plurality of different animals at different feeding sites, each spraying site having at least one spray nozzle. 33. Apparatus as set forth in claim 32, wherein said spray application system includes at least one valving mechanism corresponding to each spray site fluidically coupled between said at least one spray nozzle and said reservoir and operatively coupled to said controller. 34. Apparatus as set forth in claim 33 wherein said valving mechanism includes a solenoid. 35. A method for feeding bison in a herd comprising the steps of: attaching one of a multiplicity of transponder tags to each bison in the herd to be fed at a feeding station, each of said tags adapted for providing a bison-identifying signal; providing a bison feeding station, said bison feeding station including a feed storage unit containing a quantity of feed, a feed dispenser for delivering feed to a feeding station which remains stationary during feeding of the herd, an antenna located proximate to the stationary feeding location for receiving bison identifying signals, and a controller having a memory storing an individualized periodic feeding ration particularized for each bison to be fed; permitting access to the bison feeding station by all bison in the herd; identifying each bison provided with one of the tags when the bison moves into a position proximate the antenna; and dispensing a portion of said individualized ration for a particular bison to the feeding station in response to identification of the bison. 36. A method of feeding bison as set forth in claim 35, including the steps of providing a medication storage unit and a medication dispensing unit for delivering a quantity of medication to the bison at said feeding station, storing individualized periodic medication dosage information particularized for each bison to be medicated in the herd in said memory, and dispensing a portion of the dosage of the medication corresponding to the identified bison at said feeding station concurrently with delivery of the portion of the feed. 37. A method as set forth in claim 35, including the steps of providing a liquid spray apparatus, storing spray application information particularized for each bison to be sprayed in the herd in said memory, and applying a quantity of the liquid spray corresponding to the identified bison at said feeding station concurrently with the delivery of the portion of the feed. 38. A method as set forth in claim 35, wherein said spray is an insecticide. 39. A method as set forth in claim 35, wherein the spray is applied for a preselected duration less than the duration of a preselected feeding cycle. 40. A method as set forth in claim 35, including simultaneously feeding and medicating a plurality of animals at a plurality of feeding sites, said feed being delivered from a common feed storage unit. 41. A method as set forth in claim 35, including the step of preselect the duration of a feeding cycle and delivering the selected quantity of medication during each of a plurality of successive feeding cycles. 42. A method as set forth in claim 35, including applying a liquid spray to the animal in response to electronically reading the signal. 43. Apparatus for applying a spray to range animals comprising: spray application system including a reservoir for holding liquid to be sprayed and at least one spray nozzle in fluidic communication with said reservoir for selectively spraying a quantity of said liquid to be sprayed to a spray site; a controller for identifying animals at the spray site operatively coupled to said spray application system for selectively actuating said feed spray application system to deliver said quantity of liquid to be sprayed corresponding to the identified animal; and an antenna operatively coupled to said controller for receiving a signal from an identifying element worn by the animal to be sprayed. 