A Satellite Weather Modification System (SWMS) uses earth satellites to harness solar energy to modify the thermodynamics and composition of the earth's atmosphere. SWMS has three subsystems: The first subsystem includes a network of earth satellites called Satellite Engines (SEs) used to reflect solar energy and/or transform solar energy into other forms of energy beams discharged at specified locations. The media at these locations and the media through which the energy beams pass absorb these energies and change them into heat. The second subsystem includes a large network of Remote Sensing Devices (RSDs). These sensors are used to measure local media compositions, dynamic parameters and thermodynamic properties. Sensor measurements are fed back to the third subsystem, which includes a network of Ground Control Stations (GCSs). GCSs provide energy beam guidance by estimating each beam's characteristics and its aim point trajectory as functions of time. Integration of these three subsystems establishes a sensor feedback energy beam guidance and control loop. SWMS's weather modification applications include alteration of precipitation, reclaiming of wasteland, reducing damage by bad weather, and improving environment. Its non-weather related applications include supplying concentrated energy to electricity generating stations (solar, wind and hydro), high latitude greenhouse farms, and solar powered airplanes.
Claims I claim: 1. A method of augmenting solar irradiation of the earth comprising the steps of, placing a plurality of satellites respectively into a plurality of nonintersecting earth orbits, each of said satellites having a flattened shape with first and second sides; mounting at least one gimbal on the first side of each of said satellites; mounting at least one gimbal on the second side of each of said satellites; mounting at least one flat panel on each of said gimbals, each of said panels having a reflecting surface on one side and a plurality of solar cells on the other side and having at least two independent degrees of attitude freedom relative to the satellites on which they are respectively mounted; orienting at least one of said panels on each of said satellites to position a plurality of said solar cells on each of said satellites to absorb solar radiation for generating power to operate each of said satellites; orienting, relative to a first of said satellites and having regard to the direction of incident solar radiation on said first satellite and the direction from said first satellite to a second of said satellites, the reflecting surface on said first satellite to reflect solar radiation to said second satellite; and orienting, relative to said second satellite and having regard to the direction of incident reflected solar radiation from said first satellite and the direction from said second satellite to a selected location on or near the earth, the reflecting surface of said second satellite to reflect solar radiation to said selected location; so that sunlight is transmitted by reflection to said selected location to increase the sunlight otherwise incident at said selected location. 2. A method according to claim 1 further comprising the step of making at least some of said orbits substantially coplanar and of different size. 3. A method according to claim 1 further comprising the step of making at least some of said orbits substantially coplanar and of different shape. 4. A method according to claim 1 further comprising the step of making at least some of said orbits occupy mutually different planes. 5. A method of augmenting solar irradiation of the earth comprising the steps of: placing a plurality of satellites respectively into a plurality of nonintersecting earth orbits, each of said satellites having a flattened shape with first and second sides; mounting at least one reflector and a plurality of solar cells on the first side of each of said satellites; mounting at least one reflector and a plurality of solar cells on the second side of each of said satellites; orienting a first of said satellites, having regard to the direction of incident solar radiation on said first satellite and the direction from said first satellite to a second of said satellites, to reflect solar radiation to said second satellite, said solar cells of said first satellite absorbing solar radiation to power said first satellite; and orienting said second satellite, having regard to the direction of incident reflected solar radiation from said first satellite and the direction from said second satellite to a selected location on or near the earth, to reflect some of said reflected solar radiation to said selected location, said solar cells of said second satellite absorbing solar radiation to power said second satellite; so that sunlight is transmitted by reflection to said selected location to increase the sunlight otherwise incident at said selected location. 6. A method according to claim 5 further comprising the step of making at least some of said orbits substantially coplanar and of different size. 7. A method according to claim 5 further comprising the step of making at least some of said orbits substantially coplanar and of different shape. 8. A method according to claim 5 further comprising the step of making at least some of said orbits occupy mutually different planes. 