A laminated solar cell module includes an integral mounting structure. The solar cell module includes a rigid front support layer formed of light transmitting material having first and second surfaces. A transparent encapsulant layer has a first surface disposed adjacent the second surface of the front support layer. A plurality of interconnected solar cells have a first surface disposed adjacent a second surface of the transparent encapsulant layer. The backskin is formed of a thermoplastic olefin, which includes first ionomer, a second ionomer, glass fiber and carbon black. A first surface of the backskin is disposed adjacent a second surface of the interconnected solar cells. At least one mounting bracket is bonded directly to a second surface of the backskin layer.
Claims We claim: 1. A laminated solar cell module comprising: a front support layer formed of light transmitting material and having first and second surfaces; a transparent encapsulant layer disposed adjacent the second surface of the front support layer; a plurality of interconnected solar cells having a first surface disposed adjacent the transparent encapsulant layer; a backskin layer formed of a thermoplastic olefin comprising at least a first ionomer and a second ionomer and having a first surface disposed adjacent a second surface of the interconnected solar cells; and at least one mounting bracket bonded directly to a second surface of the backskin layer. 2. The solar cell module of claim 1 wherein the at least one mounting bracket slidably engages a channel bracket. 3. The solar cell module of claim 1 wherein the at least one bracket is formed from metallic or polymeric material. 4. The solar cell module of claim 3 wherein the metallic material is aluminum. 5. The solar cell module of claim 3 wherein the polymeric material is high density polyethylene. 6. The solar cell module of claim 1 wherein the transparent encapsulant layer and the backskin layer, in combination, encapsulate the interconnected solar cells. 7. The solar cell module of claim 1 wherein the backskin layer is flexible. 8. The solar cell module of claim 1 wherein the thermoplastic olefin further comprises a mineral filler. 9. The solar cell module of claim 8 wherein the mineral filler is glass fiber. 10. The solar cell module of claim 1 wherein the thermoplastic olefin further comprises a pigment. 11. The solar cell module of claim 10 wherein the pigment is carbon black. 12. The solar cell module of claim 1 wherein a portion of the backskin layer is wrapped around at least one edge of the module for contacting the first surface of the front support layer, to thereby form an edge seal. 13. The solar cell module of claim 1 wherein the front support layer is glass. 14. The solar cell module of claim 1 wherein the transparent encapsulant layer comprises at least one ionomer. 15. A method of manufacturing a solar cell module comprising: providing a front support layer formed of light transmitting material and having first and second surfaces; placing a transparent encapsulant layer adjacent the second surface of the front support layer; positioning a plurality of interconnected solar cells having first and second surfaces adjacent the transparent encapsulant layer; placing a backskin layer formed of thermoplastic olefin comprising at least a first ionomer and a second ionomer adjacent a second surface of the interconnected solar cells to thereby form an assembly; laminating the assembly to encapsulate the interconnected solar cells with the encapsulant layer and the backskin layer; and bonding at least one mounting bracket directly to a second surface of the backskin layer. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein the bonding step comprises subjecting the at least one mounting bracket to heat and pressure bond the at least one mounting bracket to said second surface of the backskin layer. 17. The method of claim 15 further comprising slidably engaging the at least one mounting bracket in a channel bracket. 18. The method of claim 15 further comprising wrapping a portion of the backskin layer around at least one edge of the assembly for contacting the first surface of the front support layer to form an edge seal. 19. A laminated solar cell module comprising: a rigid front support layer formed of light transmitting material and having first and second surfaces; a transparent encapsulant layer having a first surface disposed adjacent the second surface of the front support layer; a plurality of interconnected solar cells having a first surface disposed adjacent a second surface of the transparent encapsulant layer; a backskin layer formed of a thermoplastic olefin comprising at least a first ionomer and a second ionomer and having a first surface disposed adjacent a second surface of the interconnected solar cells, a portion of the backskin layer being wrapped around at least one edge of the module for contacting the first surface of the front support layer to form an edge seal; the transparent encapsulant layer and the backskin layer, in combination, encapsulating the interconnected solar cells; and at least one mounting bracket bonded directly to a second surface of the backskin layer. 20. A method of manufacturing a solar cell module comprising: providing a front support layer formed of light transmitting material and having first and second surfaces; placing a transparent encapsulant layer adjacent the second surface of the front support layer; positioning a plurality of interconnected solar cells having first and second surfaces adjacent the transparent encapsulant layer; placing a backskin layer formed of thermoplastic olefin comprising at least a first ionomer and a second ionomer adjacent a second surface of the interconnected solar cells to thereby form an assembly; wrapping an end portion of the backskin layer around at least one edge of the assembly for contacting the first surface of the front support layer, to form an edge seal; and laminating the assembly to encapsulate the interconnected solar cells with the encapsulant layer and the backskin layer; and bonding at least one mounting bracket directly to a second surface of the backskin layer. 21. A laminated solar cell module comprising: a stiff front support layer formed of light transmitting material and having first and second surfaces; a transparent encapsulant layer formed of at least one ionomer and disposed adjacent the second surface of the front support layer; a plurality of interconnected solar cells having a first surface disposed adjacent the transparent encapsulant layer; a flexible backskin layer formed of a thermoplastic olefin comprising at least a first ionomer and a second ionomer and having a first surface disposed adjacent a second surface of the interconnected solar cells; the transparent encapsulant layer and the backskin layer, in combination, encapsulating the interconnected solar cells; and at least one mounting bracket bonded directly to a second surface of the backskin layer. 22. A method of manufacturing a solar cell module comprising: providing a stiff front support layer formed of light transmitting material and having first and second surfaces; placing a transparent encapsulant layer formed of at least one ionomer adjacent the second surface of the front support layer; positioning a plurality of interconnected solar cells having first and second surfaces adjacent the transparent encapsulant layer; placing a flexible backskin layer formed of thermoplastic olefin comprising at least a first ionomer and a second ionomer adjacent a second surface of the interconnected solar cells to thereby form an assembly; subjecting the assembly to heat and pressure to encapsulate the interconnected solar cells with the encapsulant layer and the backskin layer; and bonding at least one mounting bracket directly to a second surface of the backskin layer. 