A solar cell module comprising at least one solar cell element and at least a front surface covering material disposed to cover the light receiving face of said at least one solar cell element, said surface side covering material comprising a light transmissive resin and a light transmissive surface protective film situated on the outermost surface in contact with said light transmissive resin, characterized in that said front surface side covering material includes means for forming a desired display pattern on the light receiving face of said at least one solar cell element, said means comprising (a) a patterned surface region forming said desired display pattern and (b) another patterned surface region having a surface pattern which is different from that of said patterned surface region (a), and said patterned surface region (a) and said patterned surface region (b) being situated next to each other.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar cell module comprising at least one solar cell element and at least a front surface covering material disposed to cover the light receiving face of said at least one solar cell element, said front surface covering material comprising a light transmissive resin and a light transmissive surface protective film situated on the outermost surface in contact with said light transmissive resin, characterized in that said front surface covering material includes means for forming a desired display pattern on the light receiving face of said at least one solar cell element, said means comprising (a) a patterned surface region forming said desired display pattern and (b) another patterned surface region having a surface pattern which is different from that of said patterned surface region (a), and said patterned surface region (a) and said patterned surface region (b) being situated next to each other. 2. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the patterned surface region (a) comprises a recessed or protruding surface pattern and the patterned surface region (b) comprises a planar surface pattern or an uneven surface pattern provided with a plurality of minute irregularities. 3. A solar cell module according to claim 2, wherein the recessed or protruding surface pattern of the patterned surface region (a) is provided with a plurality of minute irregularities. 4. A solar cell module according to claim 3, wherein the minute irregularities of said recessed or protruding surface pattern of the patterned surface region (a) are different from the minute irregularities of the surface pattern of the patterned surface region (b). 5. A solar cell module according to claim 4, wherein the minute irregularities of the patterned surface region (a) and the minute irregularities of the patterned surface region (b) are formed by means of a sheet-like member having an uneven surface engaged in thermocompression of said light transmissive resin during production of the solar cell module. 6. A solar cell module according to claim 5, wherein the sheet-like member is selected from the group consisting of a mesh member made of aluminum, a mesh member made of stainless steel, a nonwoven glass fiber member, a woven glass fiber member, a nonwoven organic resin fiber member, and a woven organic resin fiber member. 7. A solar cell module according to claim 3, wherein the minute irregularities of the patterned surface region (a) are formed by means of a sheet-like member having an uneven surface engaged in thermocompression of said light transmissive resin during production of the solar cell module. 8. A solar cell module according to claim 7, wherein the sheet-like member is selected from the group consisting of a mesh member made of aluminum, a mesh member made of stainless steel, a nonwoven glass fiber member, a woven glass fiber member, a nonwoven organic resin fiber member, and a woven organic resin fiber member. 9. A solar cell module according to claim 2, wherein the minute irregularities of the patterned surface region (b) are formed by means of a sheet-like member having an uneven surface engaged in thermocompression of said light transmissive resin during production of the solar cell module. 10. A solar cell module according to claim 9, wherein the sheet-like member is selected from the group consisting of a mesh member made of aluminum, a mesh member made of stainless steel, a nonwoven glass fiber member, a woven glass fiber member, a nonwoven organic resin fiber member, and a woven organic resin fiber member. 11. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the patterned surface region (a) forming the desired display pattern comprises an uneven surface provided with a plurality of minute irregularities and the patterned surface region (b) comprises an uneven surface pattern provided with a plurality of minute irregularities. 12. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the minute irregularities of the patterned surface region (a) and the minute irregularities of the patterned surface region (b) are formed by means of a sheet-like member having an uneven surface engaged in thermocompression of said light transmissive resin during production of the solar cell module. 13. A solar cell module according to claim 12, wherein the sheet-like member is selected from the group consisting of a mesh member made of aluminum, a mesh member made of stainless steel, a nonwoven glass fiber member, a woven glass fiber member, a nonwoven organic resin fiber member, and a woven organic resin fiber member. 14. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the desired display pattern which is formed on the light receiving face of the solar cell module is a pattern by which the positive and/or negative output terminal of the solar cell module can be distinguished. 15. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the desired display pattern which is formed on the light receiving face of the solar cell module is a pattern by which the owner of the solar cell module can be distinguished. 16. A process for producing a solar cell module, said process including the steps of: (i) sequentially stacking (a) at least one solar cell element, (b) a sealing resin, (c) a protective film, (d) a member capable of serving to form a desired display pattern in said sealing resin and/or said protective film, and (e) a covering member on a mounting table provided with an exhaust port to form a stacked body on said mounting table, and (ii) maintaining the stacked body while applying vacuum to said stacked body through said exhaust port of said mounting table. 17. The process according to claim 16, wherein a metal mesh member, a woven fiber member, or a nonwoven fiber member is interposed between the member (d) and the covering member (e). 18. The process according to claim 16, wherein the member (d) has an uneven surface. 19. The process according to claim 16, wherein the member (d) comprises a mesh. 20. The process according to claim 16, wherein the member (d) has an uneven surface provided with a plurality of minute irregularities which contacts the protective film (c). 21. The process according to claim 20, wherein the uneven surface pattern of the member (d) is designed depending on a desired display pattern to be formed on the light receiving face of the solar cell module. 22. The process according to claim 20, wherein the unevenness of the uneven surface of the member (d) is varied depending on a desired display pattern to be formed on the light receiving face of the solar cell module. 23. The process according to claim 16, wherein the step (ii) of applying vacuum to the stacked body is conducted while heating the stacked body. 24. The process according to claim 16, wherein the step (ii) includes a step of cooling the stacked body. 25. The process according to claim 16, wherein the step (ii) includes a step of heating the stacked body and a step of cooling the stacked body. 26. The process according to claim 16, wherein the sealing resin comprises a thermoplastic resin. 