A hybrid solar panel array is mounted on a satellite sidewall for movement between a stowed position proximate the satellite sidewall and a deployed position extending away from the satellite sidewall. The array comprises a yoke pivotally mounted on the satellite sidewall and first and second rigid solar panels, the first panel being pivotally mounted to the yoke, the first and second panels being hinged together. In one embodiment, a plurality of semi-rigid solar panels are pivotally mounted to the first and second rigid solar panels. In another embodiment, a flexible solar panel is attached to the rigid solar panels. Drive mechanisms are operable for moving the array from a stowed position proximate a satellite sidewall to a deployed position extending away from the satellite sidewall. The rigid panels are so moved in a synchronous operation and the semi-rigid and flexible solar panels are so moved in a sequential operation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A hybrid solar panel array mounted on a satellite sidewall for movement between a stowed position proximate the satellite sidewall and a deployed position extending away from the satellite sidewall, said solar panel array comprising: a yoke pivotally mounted on the satellite sidewall; a first rigid solar panel pivotally mounted to said yoke; a second rigid solar panel pivotally mounted to said first rigid solar panel along an axis distant from said yoke; a plurality of semi-rigid solar panels pivotally mounted to said first and second rigid solar panels, respectively; and drive means for moving said solar panel array between the stowed position and the deployed position. 2. A hybrid solar panel array as set forth in claim 1 wherein said drive means includes: a first drive mechanism for extending said first and second rigid solar panels from the stowed position to the deployed position in a synchronous operation; and a plurality of second drive mechanisms for extending said plurality of said semi-rigid solar panels from their respective stowed positions to their respective deployed positions, in a sequential operation. 3. A hybrid solar panel array as set forth in claim 2 wherein said yoke is pivotally mounted for rotation about a yoke hingeline; wherein said first rigid solar panel and said yoke are mutually pivotally mounted along a first panel hingeline; and wherein said second rigid solar panel and said first rigid panel are mutually pivotally mounted along a second panel hingeline spaced from but parallel to the first panel hingeline. 4. A hybrid solar panel array as set forth in claim 3 wherein said plurality of semi-rigid panels includes: first and second semi-rigid solar panels pivotally mounted to said first rigid solar panel along first and second spaced parallel lateral hingelines, respectively; and third and fourth semi-rigid solar panels pivotally mounted to said second rigid solar panel along third and fourth spaced parallel lateral hingelines, respectively, which are aligned with the first and second lateral hingelines, respectively, when said hybrid solar panel array is in the deployed position. 5. A hybrid solar panel array as set forth in claim 4 wherein said plurality of semi-rigid panels includes; a fifth semi-rigid solar panel pivotally mounted to said second rigid solar panel along a third panel hingeline spaced from but parallel to the first and second panel hingelines. 6. A hybrid solar panel array as set forth in claim 5 wherein said yoke is pivotally mounted on the satellite sidewall for rotation about a yoke hingeline; wherein said first drive mechanism includes: a deployment restraint device fixed on the satellite sidewall; a deployment drive shaft fixed to said yoke and mounted on the satellite sidewall for rotation upon operation of said deployment restraint device; a deployment pulley fixed on said satellite sidewall; first hinge means for pivotally mounting said first rigid solar panel to said yoke for mutual rotation about the first panel hingeline; a first rigid panel pulley fixed to said first rigid solar panel and centered on the first panel hingeline; a first synchronization cable fixed, respectively, to said deployment pulley and to said first rigid panel pulley; a yoke pulley fixed to said yoke, centered on the first panel hingeline distant from said first rigid panel pulley; second hinge means for pivotally mounting said second rigid solar panel to said first rigid solar panel for mutual rotation about the second panel hingeline; a second rigid panel pulley fixed to said second rigid solar panel and centered on the second panel hingeline; a second synchronization cable fixed, respectively, to said yoke pulley and to said second panel pulley; whereby operation of said deployment restraint device is effective to allow said yoke, said first rigid panel and said second rigid panel to the deployed position whereat said yoke, said first rigid solar panel, and said second rigid solar panel are mutually coplanar and extend transversely of the satellite sidewall. 7. A hybrid solar panel array as set forth in claim 4 wherein each of said rigid panels has a honeycomb core and has a thickness in the range, approximately, of 1 to 11/2 inches; and wherein each of said semi-rigid panels has a honeycomb core and has a thickness in the range, approximately, of 1/8 to 3/4 inches. 8. A hybrid solar panel array as set forth in claim 6 wherein, in the stowed position, said first and second rigid solar panels envelop between them said plurality of said second semi-rigid solar panels in overlapping, side by side relationship; and wherein said second restraining means includes a resilient member fixed on each of said semi-rigid solar panels for causing its associated said semi-rigid solar panel to deploy, in a predetermined sequence, toward the deployed position; whereby, upon operation of said first drive mechanism to extend said first and second rigid solar panels from the stowed position to the deployed position in a synchronous operation, said resilient members on said semi-rigid solar panels are operable to allow deployment of said semi-rigid solar panels to the deployed position in a sequential operation. 9. A hybrid solar panel array as set forth in claim 2 including: locking means for securely retaining said rigid solar panels and said semi-rigid solar panels in the deployed position once achieved. 10. A hybrid solar panel array as set forth in claim 9 wherein said locking means includes: a cam member fixed on a first of said panels, said cam member having a detent therein; and a cam follower pivotally mounted on a second of said panels adjacent said first of said panels at one of said hingelines intermediate said first and second panels, said cam follower biased into engagement with said cam member as said solar panel array moves toward the deployed position, said cam follower biased into engagement with said detent in said cam member as said solar panel array moves to the deployed position and locking said solar panel array in the deployed position. 11. A hybrid solar panel array as set forth in claim 2 wherein said first drive mechanism includes: a stepper release motor fixed on the satellite sidewall; a release shaft projecting away from the satellite sidewall and mounted for rotation by said release motor; a boss member integral with said release shaft having a cylindrical peripheral surface and a transverse end surface distant from said motor; a yoke hinge mounted on said end surface of said boss member for pivotally mounting said yoke on the satellite sidewall; resilient means biasing said yoke to the deployed position; an open-ended pulley rotatably mounted on the satellite sidewall at a location spaced radially from said boss member; a deployment restraint cable fixed at one end to said peripheral surface of said boss member, fixed at an opposite end to said yoke distant from said yoke hinge, and initially extending partially around said open-ended pulley to restrain said yoke to the stowed position; whereby, upon stepped rotation of said release shaft by said release motor, said restraint cable is caused to slide laterally across, then off of, said open-ended pulley, enabling said resilient means to move said yoke to the deployed position. 12. A hybrid solar panel array mounted on a satellite sidewall for movement between a stowed position proximate the satellite sidewall and a deployed position extending away from the satellite sidewall, said solar panel array comprising: a yoke pivotally mounted on the satellite sidewall for rotation about a yoke hingeline; a first rectangular rigid solar panel having first and second opposed lateral edges and first and second opposed transverse edges and being pivotally mounted to said yoke for rotation about a first panel hingeline; a second rectangular rigid solar panel having first and second opposed lateral edges and first and second opposed transverse edges, said second rigid solar panel being pivotally mounted to said first rigid solar panel for rotation about a second panel hingeline at a mutually adjacent pair of said second and first transverse edges of said first and second rigid solar panels, respectively; a flexible solar panel attached to said first and second rigid solar panels, respectively; and drive means for moving said solar panel array between the stowed position and the deployed position. 13. A hybrid solar panel array as set forth in claim 12 wherein said flexible solar panel includes: a first section attached to said first lateral edges of said first and second rigid solar panels; a second section attached to said second lateral edges of said first and second rigid solar panels; and a third section attached to said second transverse edge of said second rigid solar panel. 14. A hybrid solar panel array as set forth in claim 13 including: drive means for moving said hybrid solar panel array between said stowed position and said deployed position. 15. A hybrid solar panel array as set forth in claim 14 wherein said drive means includes: a first drive mechanism for extending said first and second rigid solar panels from the stowed position to the deployed position in a synchronous operation; and a plurality of second drive mechanisms for extending said first, second and third sections of said flexible solar panel from their stowed positions to their deployed positions, in a sequential operation. 16. A hybrid solar panel array mounted on a satellite sidewall for movement between a stowed position proximate the satellite sidewall and a deployed position extending away from the satellite sidewall, said solar panel array comprising: a yoke pivotally mounted on the satellite sidewall; a first rigid solar panel pivotally mounted to said yoke; a second rigid solar panel pivotally mounted to said first rigid solar panel along an axis distant from said yoke; at least a third non-rigid solar panel joined to said first and second rigid solar panels, respectively; and drive means for moving said solar panel array between the stowed position and the deployed position. 