In a sheet-shaped solar module mounting structure, rail members include locking members to which the end portions of sheet-shaped solar batteries are locked, so that, in mounting the sheet-shaped solar batteries to a roof bed, it is unnecessary to nail the solar batteries to the roof bed with screws or the like.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A sheet-shaped solar module mounting structure for mounting on a roof bed, said sheetshaped solar module mounting structure comprising: a plurality of rail members for juxtaposed disposition on said roof bed, sheet-shaped solar batteries laid between said rail members and having end portions, and translucent surface members spaced above the sheet-shaped solar batteries and engaged with the rail members, wherein each of said rail members has locking members to lock the end portions of said sheet-shaped solar batteries. 2. The sheet-shaped solar module mounting structure of claim 1, wherein each of said rail members has mounting portions, which are to be nailed to said roof bed, said mounting portions being disposed below said sheet-shaped solar batteries. 3. The sheet-shaped solar module mounting structure of claim 1, wherein said rail members each have a one-piece construction, and wherein said locking members hold the end portions of said sheet-shaped solar batteries. 4. The sheet-shaped solar module mounting structure of claim 2, wherein said locking members are comprised of rubber pads to press the end portions of said sheet-shaped solar batteries against said mounting portions. 5. The sheet-shaped solar module mounting structure of claim 1, further comprising water proof butyl tapes for disposition between the rail members and the roof bed. 6. The sheet-shaped solar module mounting structure of claim 1, wherein each of said rail members is made of synthetic resin and has a one-piece construction. 7. The sheet-shaped solar module mounting structure of claim 1, wherein each of said rail members is made of aluminum and has a one-piece construction. 8. A solar module mounting structure for mounting on a roof bed, said solar module mounting structure comprising: a sheet-shaped solar battery for disposition over the roof bed, said solar battery having opposing ends; and a pair of rail members respectively fastened to the ends of the solar battery, said rail members each including a base for disposal proximate to the roof bed, said bases each including: a mounting portion adapted for securement to the roof bed; a planar surface disposed parallel to the roof bed when the solar module mounting structure is mounted on the roof bed; and locking means for holding one of the ends of the solar battery such that the one of the ends is disposed at an oblique angle to the planar surface and such that the solar battery overlies the mounting portion. 9. The solar module mounting structure of claim 8 wherein the locking means comprise rubber pads to press the ends of the solar battery against the mounting portions. 10. The solar module mounting structure of claim 8 wherein the locking means comprise structures defining grooves that receive the ends of the solar battery. 11. The solar module mounting structure of claim 8, further comprising a translucent surface member spaced above the solar battery and having opposing ends. 12. The solar module mounting structure of claim 11, wherein the rail members each further comprise a holding portion, said holding portions engaging the opposing ends of the translucent surface member. 13. The solar module mounting structure of claim 11, wherein the translucent surface member is comprised of a glass plate. 14. A solar module mounting structure for mounting on a roof bed, said solar module mounting structure comprising: a sheet-shaped solar battery for disposition over the roof bed, said solar battery having opposing ends; and a pair of rail members respectively fastened to the ends of the solar battery, said rail members each including a base for disposal proximate to the roof bed, said bases each including: a mounting portion adapted for securement to the roof bed; and locking means for holding one of the ends of the solar battery, said locking means being at least partially provided by said mounting portion and holding said solar battery such that a first portion of the solar battery contacts the roof bed and a second portion of the solar battery is spaced from the roof bed when the solar module mounting structure is mounted to the roof bed. 15. The solar module mounting structure of claim 14, wherein the locking means comprise rubber pads to press the ends of the solar battery against the mounting portions. 16. The solar module mounting structure of claim 14, wherein the locking means comprise structures defining grooves that receive the ends of the solar battery. 17. The solar module mounting structure of claim 14 wherein the solar battery overlies the mounting portions. 