A radio receiver augmentation system for insertion in a cassette player or compact disc player includes a receiver unit and an antenna unit. The receiver unit includes an insertable element having a size and shape suitable for insertion in a tape cassette receiving slot of a cassette player/radio combination or in a compact disc receiving slot of a compact disc player/radio combination and delivers audio program signals to the magnetic head of the tape cassette player or the optical coupler of the compact disc player. The audio program signals come by retransmission from an antenna unit that receives radio broadcast signals from satellites and their terrestrial repeaters having frequencies in the range of about 300 MHZ to about 4000 MHZ. The system's circuitry conditions the signal for aural presentation through the tape cassette player/radio combination or compact disc player/radio combination.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A radio receiver augmentation system for insertion in a cassette player or compact disc player comprises a receiver unit including an insertable element having a size and shape suitable for insertion in a tape cassette-receiving slot of a cassette player or a compact disc-receiving slot of a compact disc ("CD") player, and an antenna unit having a size and shape adapted for mounting on a vehicle, said antenna unit comprising an antenna that can receive audio program signals having frequencies in the range of about 300 MHZ to about 4,000 MHZ from a satellite system including at least one repeater at or near the earth's surface, and can re-radiate said signals to said receiver unit, said antenna unit comprising a first element which receives, from said satellite system, radio broadcast signals having frequencies in said range, and connected to said first element, an amplifier, a radio frequency translator, a radio frequency transmitter, and a second element which transmits amplified translated signals to said receiver unit, said insertable element including a connector, a display unit for audio program signals, an antenna for receiving audio program signals from said antenna unit, and a coupler that can deliver said audio program signals to a magnetic head in a tape cassette player, or to an optical coupler in said CD player. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the top of said antenna unit has the size and shape of a flat disc for receiving said audio program signals from at least one satellite, said at least one repeater, or both. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein said antenna unit includes a mounting plate, an arm that houses a re-radiator antenna, an electronics cone connected to said arm, and, connected to said electronics cone, solar cells and a satellite system receiving antenna. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein said receiver unit comprises a receiving antenna in said display unit, and said insertable element includes a magnetic or optical coupler for delivering said audio program signals to a speaker system. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein said receiver unit comprises a tape cassette player/radio combination, and said insertable element has the size and shape of a tape cassette, said insertable element including a magnetic coupler for delivering audio program signals to said magnetic head of said tape cassette player. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein said receiver unit is a radio/compact disc player combination, and said insertable element comprises a CD-shaped disc having a light-transmitting region on its surface, and where said CD player/radio combination includes an optical coupler for receiving audio program signals in optical form from said insertable element. 7. The system of claim 1 or claim 5 or claim 6 wherein said receiver unit includes an electrical generator in said insertable element, operatively connected to a cassette spindle or CD player spindle. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein said receiver unit includes at least one rechargeable battery. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein said receiver unit radiates electrical energy to said antenna unit. 10. The system of claim 9 wherein said receiver unit includes at least one rechargeable battery. 