A method of delivering guided radiation arriving via a first transparent medium having a first refractive index into a second transparent medium having a second refractive index that is smaller than the first refractive index, comprising: providing a transparent radiation delivery waveguide capable of admitting concentrated radiation and having a longitudinal axis and a third refractive index substantially equal to or greater than the first refractive index and adapted to guide the radiation along the longitudinal axis. The waveguide having a tapered radiation delivery portion of non-circular cross-sectional shape. Mounting the waveguide in optical contact with the first transparent medium so that the radiation delivery portion projects inside the second transparent medium.
Claims We claim: 1. A method of delivering guided radiation arriving via a first transparent medium having a first refraction index n.sub.1,into a second transparent medium having a second refraction index n.sub.2 that is smaller than n.sub.1,comprising providing a transparent radiation delivery waveguide having a longitudinal axis and a third refraction index n.sub.3 substantially equal to or greater than n.sub.1 and adapted to guide said radiation along said longitudinal axis, said waveguide having a tapered radiation delivery portion of non-circular cross-sectional shape, mounting said waveguide in optical contact with said first transparent medium and so that said radiation delivery portion projects inside said second transparent medium, and causing said first transparent medium to take up radiation whereby radiation transmitted by the waveguide is extracted through the radiation delivery portion into said second transparent medium. 2. A method according to claim 1, wherein said tapered radiation delivery portion is polyhedral. 3. A method according to claim 2, wherein the polyhedral shape of said tapered radiation delivery portion varies along said axis. 4. A method according to claim 1, wherein said tapered radiation delivery portion is of grooved shape. 5. A method according to any one of claims 1 to 4, wherein the degree of tapering of the radiation delivery portion varies along the axis. 6. A method according to claim 1, wherein said first transparent medium is a light concentrator. 7. A method according to claim 1, wherein said first transparent medium is a non-concentrating waveguide. 8. A method according to claim 6, wherein said first transparent medium and said transparent delivery waveguide are made integral with each other. 9. A method according to claim 1, wherein said guided radiation is solar radiation. 10. A method according to claim 1, where said guided radiation is concentrated radiation from an artificial source. 11. A method according to claim 1, where said second transparent medium is held within a receiver chamber having an aperture. 12. A method according to claim 11, where said transparent delivery waveguide has a radiation intake portion designed to fit into the aperture of said receiver chamber. 13. A radiation delivery waveguide having a tapered radiation delivery portion having a longitudinal axis and a non-circular cross-sectional shape normal thereto and made up of a medium with an index of refraction higher than an index of refraction of medium surrounding said radiation delivery portion. 14. A radiation delivery waveguide according to claim 13, wherein said tapered radiation delivery portion is polyhedral. 15. A radiation delivery waveguide according to claim 14, wherein the polyhedral shape of said tapered radiation delivery portion varies along a longitudinal axis of the waveguide. 16. A radiation delivery waveguide according to claim 13, wherein said tapered radiation delivery portion is of grooved shape. 17. A radiation delivery waveguide according to any one of claims 13 to 16, wherein the degree of tapering of the radiation delivery portion varies along the axis. 18. A guided radiation receiver assembly comprising a first transparent medium with a first refraction index n.sub.1,a receiver chamber having an aperture and holding a second transparent medium having a second refraction index n.sub.2, and a transparent radiation delivery waveguide having a third refraction index n.sub.3 substantially equal to or greater than n.sub.1, which transparent radiation delivery waveguide has a first, radiation intake portion in optical contact with said first transparent medium and held tightly within said aperture, and a second tapered radiation delivery portion of non-circular cross-sectional shape, projecting into the receiver chamber. 19. An assembly according to claim 18, wherein said tapered radiation delivery portion is polyhedral. 20. An assembly according to claim 19, wherein the polyhedral shape of said tapered radiation delivery portion varies along the central axis. 21. An assembly according to claim 18, wherein said tapered radiation delivery portion is of grooved shape. 22. An assembly according to claim 18, wherein the degree of tapering of the radiation delivery portion varies along the axis. 23. An assembly according to claim 18, wherein said first transparent medium is a light concentrator. 24. An assembly according to claim 18, wherein said first transparent medium is a non-concentrating waveguide. 25. An assembly according to claim 18, wherein said first transparent medium and said transparent delivery waveguide are made integral with each other. 26. An assembly according to claim 18, adapted for the delivery of concentrated solar radiation. 27. An assembly according to claim 18, adapted for the delivery of concentrated artificial radiation. 28. A method of delivering guided radiation arriving via a first transparent medium having a first refraction index n.sub.1, into a second transparent medium having a second refraction index n.sub.2 that is smaller than n.sub.1, comprising providing a transparent radiation delivery waveguide capable of admitting concentrated radiation and having a longitudinal axis and a third refraction index n.sub.3 substantially equal to or greater than n.sub.1 and adapted to guide said radiation along said longitudinal axis, said waveguide having a tapered radiation delivery portion of non-circular cross-sectional shape, mounting said waveguide in optical contact with said first transparent medium and so that said radiation delivery portion projects inside said second transparent medium, and causing said first transparent medium to take up radiation whereby radiation transmitted by the waveguide is extracted through the radiation delivery portion into said second transparent medium. 29. A method according to claim 28, wherein said first transparent medium is a light concentrator. 30. A method according to claim 28, wherein said guided radiation is solar radiation. 31. A method according to claim 30, wherein said guided radiation is concentrated radiation from an artificial source. 32. A radiation delivery waveguide adapted to admit concentrated radiation and having a longitudinal axis and a tapered radiation delivery portion of non-circular cross-sectional shape normal to said axis, and made up of a medium with an index of refraction higher than an index of refraction of medium surrounding said radiation delivery portion. 33. A radiation delivery waveguide according to claim 32, wherein said tapered radiation delivery portion is polyhedral. 34. A radiation delivery waveguide according to claim 33, wherein the shape of said tapered radiation delivery portion varies along a longitudinal axis of the waveguide. 35. A radiation delivery waveguide according to claim 32, wherein said tapered radiation delivery portion is of grooved-circular shape. 36. A radiation delivery waveguide according to claim 32, wherein the degree of tapering of the radiation delivery portion varies along the axis. 37. A guided radiation receiver assembly comprising a first transparent medium with a first refraction index n.sub.1, a receiver chamber having an aperture and holding a second transparent medium having a second refraction index n.sub.2, and a transparent radiation delivery having a third refraction index n.sub.3 substantially equal to or greater than n.sub.1, which transparent radiation delivery having a third refraction index n.sub.3 substantially equal to or greater than n.sub.1, which transparent radiation delivery waveguide is adapted to admit concentrated radiation and has a first, radiation intake portion in optical contact with said first transparent medium and held tightly within said aperture, and a second tapered radiation delivery portion of non-circular cross-sectional shape, projecting into the receiver chamber. 38. An assembly according to claim 37, wherein said first transparent medium is a light concentrator. 39. An assembly according to claim 37, wherein adapted for the delivery of concentrated solar radiation. 40. An assembly according to claim 37, adapted for the delivery of concentrated artificial radiation. 