A system and method of monitoring light emitted from a light emitting diode (LED) display device, which typically has a plurality of selectively energizable display segments which are grouped to form desired shapes and/or alphanumeric characters, is provided, particularly for use in an Aspect Display Unit (ADU) that requires vitality when utilized in the railroad industry as a component of an Automatic Train Protection system utilized in the railroad industry. In a preferred embodiment, each particular segment of the LED display device is independently monitored by an accompanying independent dual photo-transistor circuit when a non-vital output periodically drives each segment to a known electrical state and then back to the original state. A first and a second photo-transistor is used for each segment of the LED display. Each segment and the accompanying first and second phototransistor is surrounded by a shield which prevents light from other segments from being detected by the particular first and second photo-transistor. The first photo-transistor is directed toward the particular segment to sense light emitted therefrom and ambient light thereabout, while the second photo-transistor is directed away from the particular segment sense only ambient light thereabout that segment. The first and second photo-transistors generate electrical signals which are representative of the light detected by each of the first and second photo-transistors. The generated electrical signals drive a monitoring circuit which generates error signals representative of malfunctioning LED display segments, based on a comparison to a fixed voltage of a difference in voltages provided from the first and second photo-transistors.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A monitoring system for a display unit carrying a plurality of selectively energizable light-emitting segments, each segment having an energized and a non-energized state, wherein said light emitting segments emit light in said energized state, and wherein said monitoring system comprises: first photovoltaic means directed toward each segment of the plurality of light emitting segments, for generating a primary electrical signal upon detection of light emitted from each segment of said light emitting segments; second photovoltaic means directed away from each segment of the plurality of light emitting segments, for generating a secondary electrical signal upon detection of ambient light; shielding means for surrounding each segment of the plurality of light emitting segments and said first and second photovoltaic means of each segment of the plurality of light emitting segments, such that only light emanating within said shielding means is detectable by said first and second photovoltaic means; monitoring means for generating a comparison signal for each segment of the plurality of light emitting segments, wherein said comparison signal is representative of a comparison between a predetermined reference voltage and a voltage difference between said primary electrical signal and said secondary signal of each segment of the plurality of light emitting segments; conditional energizing means electrically coupled to each segment of the plurality of light emitting segments for conditionally energizing each segment of the plurality of light emitting segments; processing means for receiving and processing said comparison signal and generating display data and an energizing signal to operate said conditional energizing means when said comparison signal of each segment confirms that each segment is operating fault-free; and control means electrically coupled to said conditional energizing means and said processing means for selectively gating said display data from said processing means to each segment of the plurality of light emitting segments. 2. The system according to claim 1, wherein said processing means cooperates with said conditional energizing means to switch each segment in said energized state to said non-energized state for a predetermined period and then back to said energized state, and to switch each segment in said non-energized state to said energized state for said predetermined period and then back to said non-energized state, during said predetermined period said monitoring means generates said comparison signal for each segment of the plurality of light-emitting segments. 3. The system according to claim 2, wherein each segment of the plurality of light-emitting segments is switched periodically. 4. The system according to claim 2, wherein each segment of the plurality of light-emitting segments is switched about once per second. 5. The system according to claim 3, wherein said predetermined period is about one microsecond. 6. The system according to claim 4, wherein said predetermined period is about one microsecond. 7. The system according to claim 1, wherein said processing means cooperates with said conditional energizing means to switch each segment in said energized state to said non-energized state for a first predetermined period and then back to said energized state, and to switch each segment in said non-energized state to said energized state for a second predetermined period that is different than said first predetermined period, and then back to said non-energized state, during said first and second predetermined periods, respectively, said monitoring means generates said comparison signal for each segment of the plurality of light-emitting segments. 8. The system according to claim 7, wherein each segment of the plurality of light-emitting segments is switched periodically. 9. The system according to claim 7, wherein each segment of the plurality of light-emitting segments is switched about once per second. 10. The system according to claim 8, wherein said predetermined period is about one microsecond. 11. The system according to claim 9, wherein said predetermined period is about one microsecond. 12. A monitoring system for a display unit carrying a plurality of selectively energizable light-emitting segments, each segment having an energized and a non-energized state, wherein light emitting segments are grouped to form desired shapes and/or alphanumeric characters when emitting light in the energized state, and wherein said monitoring system comprises: first and second photovoltaic means for generating a primary and a secondary electrical signal that has a first and a second voltage and is representative of light detected, respectively, wherein said first photovoltaic means is directed toward each segment of the plurality of light emitting segments to detect light emitted therefrom and ambient light thereabout, and wherein said second photovoltaic means is directed away from each segment of the plurality of light emitting segments to detect ambient light thereabout while minimizing detection of light emitted therefrom; shielding means for surrounding each segment of the plurality of light emitting segments and said first and second photovoltaic means of each segment of the plurality of light emitting segments, such that only light emanating within said shielding means is detectable by said first and second photovoltaic means of each segment of the plurality of light emitting segments; monitoring means for generating a comparison signal for each segment of the plurality of light emitting segments, wherein said comparison signal is representative of a comparison between a predetermined reference voltage and a voltage difference between said first and second voltage of each segment of the plurality of light emitting segments; conditional energizing means electrically coupled to each segment of the plurality of light emitting segments for conditionally energizing each segment of the plurality of light emitting segments; and processing means for receiving and processing said comparison signal and generating display data and an energizing signal to operate said conditional energizing means when said comparison signal of each segment confirms that each segment is operating fault-free, wherein said display data is selectively gated from said processing means to each segment of the plurality of light emitting segments. 13. The system according to claim 12, wherein said processing means cooperates with said conditional energizing means to switch each segment in said energized state to said non-energized state for a predetermined period and then back to said energized state, and to switch each segment in said non-energized state to said energized state for said predetermined period and then back to said non-energized state, during said predetermined period said monitoring means generates said comparison signal for each segment of the plurality of light-emitting segments. 14. The system according to claim 13, wherein each segment of the plurality of light-emitting segments is switched periodically. 15. The system according to claim 13, wherein each segment of the plurality of light-emitting segments is switched about once per second. 16. The system according to claim 14, wherein said predetermined period is about one microsecond. 17. The system according to claim 15, wherein said predetermined period is about one microsecond. 18. A method of monitoring a light emitting display device carrying a plurality of selectively energizable display segments which are grouped to form desired shapes and/or alphanumeric characters, wherein the method comprises the steps of: a) de-energizing, for a predetermined period of time, each segment of said plurality of display segments that is in an energized state and energizing, for said predetermined period of time, each segment of said plurality of display segments that is in a de-energized state; b) after said predetermined period of time, re-energizing each of said plurality of display segments that has been de-energized and de-energizing each of said plurality of display segments that has been energized; and c) removing a power supply signal upon detection of a malfunctioning display segment for each of said plurality of display segments, thereby to de-energize said plurality of display segments when a segment malfunctions. 19. The method according to claim 18, further comprising the following step before step a): d) surrounding each segment of said plurality of display segments with a light shield. 20. A method of monitoring a light emitting display device carrying a plurality of selectively energizable display segments which are grouped to form desired shapes and/or alphanumeric characters, wherein the method comprises the steps of: a) surrounding each segment of said plurality of display segments with a light shield; b) de-energizing each segment of said plurality of display segments that is in an energized state and energizing each segment of said plurality of display segments that are in a de-energized state; c) generating a primary electrical signal with a first voltage that represents detection of ambient light about and light emitted from each segment of said plurality of display segments, while simultaneously generating a secondary electrical signal with a second voltage that represents detection of ambient light about each segment of said plurality of display segments and within said light shield for each of said plurality of display segments; d) generating a comparison signal that is representative of a comparison between a predetermined reference voltage and a difference between said first and second voltage for each segment of said plurality of display segments; e) re-energizing each of said plurality of display segments that is in said de-energized state and de-energizing each of said plurality of display segments that are in an energized state; and f) removing a power supply signal upon detection of a malfunctioning display segment for each of said plurality of display segments, thereby to de-energize said plurality of display segments when a segment malfunctions . 