This invention is an improvement of an internal lighting system for rural mailboxes. The improvement provides a maintenance-free mailbox internal lighting system by providing a solar cell charging system and rechargeable batteries to the circuitry. The internal light is automatically actuated by the opening of the door. All the components of the internal lighting system are undetectable to the casual observer to provide a degree of protection from vandalism or theft.
Claims I claim: 1. Apparatus for lighting the interior of a mailbox including closure door with an illumination means located in the interior of said mailbox, electrical energy providing means, and means for sensing when said mailbox closure door is opened to enable said electrical energy providing means to provide electrical energy to said illumination means and thereby illuminate the interior of said mailbox, wherein the improvement comprises mounting said sensing means underneath said mailbox adjacent to said closure door so that said sensing means does not enable said electrical energy providing means to provide electrical energy to said illumination means until said closure door is substantially fully opened. 2. The mailbox lighting system of claim 1 further comprising a solar cell that generates electrical energy when light impinges on said solar cell, said solar cell being mounted exterior to said mailbox. 3. The mailbox lighting system of claim 2 wherein said electrical energy providing means comprises means for storing electrical energy, and the electrical energy generated by said solar cell is stored in said electrical energy storing means. 4. The mailbox lighting system of claim 3 further comprising isolation means connected between said solar cell and said means for storing electrical energy to permit electrical energy to flow from said solar cell to said means for storing electrical energy, while preventing electrical energy from flowing back to said solar cell. 5. The mailbox lighting system of claim 4 wherein said isolation means comprises a diode. 6. The mailbox lighting system of claim 5 wherein said means for storing electrical energy comprises a rechargeable battery. 7. The mailbox lighting system of claim 6 wherein said means for sensing when said mailbox closure door is opened is a switch that is operated only when said mailbox closure door is substantially fully opened to connect said means for storing electrical energy to said illumination means to energize same and illuminate the interior of said mailbox. 8. The mailbox lighting system of claim 1 wherein said electrical energy providing means comprises means for storing electrical energy. 9. The mailbox lighting system of claim 8 wherein said means for storing electrical energy comprises a rechargeable battery. 10. The mailbox lighting system of claim 9 wherein said means for sensing when said mailbox closure door is opened is a switch that is operated only when said mailbox closure door is substantially fully opened to connect said means for storing electrical energy to said illumination means to energize same and illuminate the interior of said mailbox. 11. The mailbox lighting system of claim 10 further comprising a solar cell that generates electrical energy when light impinges on said solar cell, said solar cell being mounted exterior to said mailbox. 12. The mailbox lighting system of claim 11 wherein said means for storing electrical energy stores electrical energy generated by said solar cell. 13. The mailbox lighting system of claim 12 wherein said means for storing electrical energy comprises a rechargeable battery. 14. The mailbox lighting system of claim 13 further comprising isolation means connected between said solar cell and said means for storing electrical energy to permit electrical energy to flow from said solar cell to said means for storing electrical energy, while preventing electrical energy from flowing back to said solar cell. 