A power supply for a portable computer or other electronic device of a type having an integral external housing within which the electronic components of the device are encased. The power supply comprises a mounting panel having a front surface and a back surface and side flanges disposed on the mounting panel to permit temporary attachment of the power supply to the housing of an electronic device. The back surface of the mounting panel faces toward the electronic device housing when the power supply is attached to the housing of the electronic device. At least one solar panel is attached to the mounting panel facing away from the electronic device when the power supply is attached to the housing of the electronic device. The solar panel is capable of producing an electrical power output through the conversion of solar energy to electrical energy. A brace is attached to the power supply for selectively positioning the power supply into an upright inclined position and for maintaining the power supply in the inclined position.
Claims We claim: 1. A power supply for an electronic device of a type having an integral external housing within which the electronic components of the device are encased, the power supply comprising: a mounting panel having a front surface and a back surface; attachment means disposed on the mounting panel to permit temporary attachment of the power supply to the housing of an electronic device, and to permit a detachment of the power supply from the housing of an electronic device; wherein the back surface of the mounting panel faces toward the electronic device housing when the power supply is attached to the housing of the electronic device; a solar panel attached to the mounting panel and facing away from the electronic device when the power supply is attached to the housing of the electronic device; wherein the solar panel is capable of producing an electrical power output through the conversion of solar energy to electrical energy; support means attached to the power supply for selectively positioning the power supply into an upright inclined position and for maintaining the power supply in the inclined position when the power supply is detached from the housing of an electronic device, wherein the power supply when detached from the housing can be selectively placed for maximum solar exposure while remaining electrically connected to the electronic device through the power transmission means; power transmission means including connection means to detachably connect the power supply to an electronic device thereby transmitting power; whereby, upon detachment of the connection means power transmission is ceased. 2. The power supply of claim 1, wherein the support means comprises a brace. 3. The power supply of claim 2, wherein the brace comprises first and second vertical members each having a first end pivotally attached to the back surface of the mounting panel, and a second end opposite the first end; a horizontal member attached to the second ends of the two vertical members for engagement with a surface capable of supporting the power supply when detached from an electronic device. 4. The power supply of claim 2, additionally comprising a brace support panel attached to the back of the mounting panel; and wherein the brace comprises a brace panel pivotally attached to the brace support panel; the brace panel further including a top and a bottom, wherein the bottom provides a contact surface for engagement with a surface capable of supporting the power supply when detached from an electronic device; a hinge attaching the top of the brace panel to the brace support panel. 5. The power supply of claim 4, wherein the brace support panel includes an opening therein, and the brace panel substantially fits within the brace support panel opening. 6. The power supply of claim 1, wherein the attachment means comprise side flanges disposed on the mounting panel. 7. A power supply for a portable computer of a type having an integral external housing within which the electronic components of the device are encased, and including a base including a CPU and a keyboard, and a pivotally attached top cover including a video display, the power supply comprising: a mounting panel having a front surface and a back surface; attachment means disposed on the mounting panel to permit temporary attachment of the power supply to the top cover of a computer and to permit a detachment of the power supply from the top cover of the computer; wherein the back surface of the mounting panel faces toward the top cover of the computer when the power supply is attached to the top cover of the computer; a solar panel attached to the mounting panel and facing away from the computer when the power supply is attached to the computer; wherein the solar panel is capable of producing an electrical power output through the conversion of solar energy to electrical energy; support means attached to the power supply for selectively positioning the power supply into an upright inclined position and for maintaining the power supply in the inclined position when the power supply is detached from the top cover of a computer, wherein the power supply when detached from the top cover can be selectively placed for maximum solar exposure while remaining electrically connected to the computer through the power transmission means; power transmission means including connection means to detachably connect the power supply to a portable computer thereby transmitting power; whereby, upon detachment of the connection means power transmission is ceased. 8. The power supply of claim 7, wherein the support means comprises a brace. 9. The power supply of claim 8, wherein the brace comprises two vertical members each having a first end pivotally attached to the back surface of the mounting panel, and a second end opposite the first end; a horizontal member attached to the second ends of the two vertical members for engagement with a surface capable of supporting the power supply when detached from a portable computer. 10. The power supply of claim 8, additionally comprising a brace support panel attached to the back of the mounting panel; and wherein the brace comprises a brace panel pivotally attached to the brace support panel; the brace panel further including a top and a bottom, wherein the bottom provides a contact surface for engagement with a surface capable of supporting the power supply when detached from an electronic device; a hinge attaching the top of the brace panel to the brace support panel. 11. The power supply of claim 10, wherein the brace support panel includes an opening therein, and the brace panel substantially fits within the brace support panel opening. 12. The power supply of claim 7, wherein the attachment means comprise side flanges disposed on the mounting panel. 