A charging station system of electric vehicles having a building which contains the charging equipment and may provide other auxiliary services. The system includes a T-bar which extends from the building to provide charging stalls or locations spaced along the T-bar. The building is modular and incorporates a standard ISO type configuration for ease and convenience of installation and transportation.
Claims I claim: 1. A modular battery charging station for charging the batteries of battery-powered vehicles comprising: (a) a building having a side wall, a top wall and a bottom wall; (b) connector means on said building located at an elevation above the bottom wall of the building; (c) a structural bar member extending outwardly from said building and detachably secured to said connector means and defining multiple charging stations therealong; and (d) charging devices located at said charging spaces disposed subjacent said structural bar member and being electrically connected to said building via said structural member. 2. The battery charging station of claim 1 wherein said connector means comprise an ISO connector having at least three sides, each defining a slot therein. 3. The battery charging station of claim 1 wherein said building is a generally rectangular modular building having corners and wherein said ISO connectors are located at the upper corners of said building. 4. The battery charging station of claim 2 wherein said structural bar member is a generally channel-like member having at least one mounting plate extending therefrom engageable in said ISO connector and securable by twist-lock fastener means. 5. The battery charging station of claim 1 wherein said building includes an area for electrical equipment connectable to said charging station and further includes areas for other vehicle operator services. 6. The battery charging station of claim 1 further including a canopy generally horizontally disposed on said structural bar member. 7. The battery charging station of claim 6 further including solar panel means disposed on one of said canopy and building roofs and power circuit means connected to said solar panel for providing supplemental power to the building. 8. The battery charging station of claim 1 further including an excavation disposed adjacent said building and providing an equipment room area. 9. The battery charging station of claim 1 wherein said charging devices include both regular and quick-charging devices. 10. The battery charging station of claim 1 wherein said charging devices include both inductive and direct conductive charging means and wherein at least selected of said charging devices are operable by insertion of a credit card, coins or currency. 11. The battery charging station of claim 10 wherein said charging devices are connected to power relays in said building by means of a low-voltage control circuit. 12. A method of providing a charging station comprising: (a) providing a selected site; (b) providing a building containing electrical support components to connect to a power supply system; (c) constructing a building at a remote location and placing the building on a roll-off transport device; (d) transferring the building to the site; (e) unloading the building at the site; (f) detachably securing a structural bar member to the building at an elevation above the ground at connector means and supporting said structural bar member at vertical posts at selected locations spaced from said building to define a plurality of charging locations; (g) positioning charging devices at said charging locations along said structural bar member; and (h) connecting said charging devices to said electrical components via said structural member. 13. The method of claim 12 further providing said building with additional convenience services. 14. The method of claim 12 wherein said building is transferred to the building site by placing it on a platform having roller means and rolling said platform onto a transfer vehicle and rolling said building and platform off of said transfer vehicle at said site. 15. The method of claim 14 further including the step of elevating said building above of said platform at said site and removing said platform and thereafter lowering said building onto the site by means of a jack. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein said building is provided with ISO connectors at selected locations and wherein said structural member is a channel member having projections releasably engageable with said channel member. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein said charging devices are connected to said building by electrical conduit via said channel members. 18. The method of claim 17 wherein said charging devices are connected by a low voltage circuit to a power relay located in said building. 