A motion activated and light sensitive multi-purpose safety light, having a housing for supporting: a motion sensor; a light emitting diode which serves as both a light source and a light detector; an electronic circuit which further comprises; a motion sensor amplifier to condition the motion signal received from the motion sensor, a driver for illuminating the light emitting diode in a flashing manner, a timer enabling the operation of the driver and a photo-amplifier providing amplification of the input signal received from the light emitting diode. A user-selected control components for providing parameters relating to the conditioning and the flash rate. A printed circuit board providing an area to mount the electrical components and electric circuit and a system power source.
Claims We claim: 1. A motion activated and light sensitive multi-purpose safety light, comprising: (a) a housing; (b) a support for supporting said housing; (c) a motion sensor mounted within said housing; (d) a light emitting diode serving as a light source, said light emitting diode supported by said housing; (e) an electronic circuit mounted within said housing, said circuit comprising: i. a motion sensor amplifier providing conditioning for a motion signal received from said motion sensor; ii. a driver for illuminating said light emitting diode in a flashing manner; iii. a timer enabling the operation of said driver for a period of time; and iv. a photo-amplifier, said photo-amplifier providing amplification of an input signal, said input signal being received from said light emitting diode and is used to disable said timer; and (f) a system power source mounted within said housing. 2. A safety light according to claim 1, wherein said light emitting diode serves as a light source and a light detector. 3. A safety light according to claim 1, wherein said multi-purpose safety light further comprises a user-selected discrete electrical components providing control over parameters related to said conditioning. 4. A safety light according to claim 1, wherein said multi-purpose safety light further comprises a user-selected discrete electrical components providing control of said light emitting diode flash rate. 5. A safety light according to claim 3, wherein said multi-purpose safety light further comprises a user-selected discrete electrical components providing control of said light emitting diode flash rate. 6. A safety light according to claim 5, wherein said multi-purpose safety light further comprises a printed circuit board providing an area to mount said discrete electrical components and electric circuit. 7. A safety light according to claim 2, wherein said light emitting diode is mounted within said housing and said housing is provided with an opening, said opening positioned on said housing to permit light to enter and exit said housing. 8. A safety light according to claim 7, wherein said opening supports a lens and said lens being transparent to visible light. 9. A safety light according to claim 3, wherein said light-emitting diode further comprises a plurality of light emitting diodes. 10. A motion activated and light sensitive multi-purpose safety light, comprising: (a) a housing; (b) a support for supporting said housing; (c) a motion sensor mounted within said housing; (d) a light emitting diode serving as a light source and a light detector, said light emitting diode supported by said housing; (e) an electronic circuit mounted within said housing, said circuit comprising: i. a motion sensor amplifier providing conditioning for a motion signal received from said motion sensor; ii. a driver for illuminating said light emitting diode in a flashing manner; iii. a timer enabling the operation of said driver for a period of time; and iv. a photo-amplifier, said photo-amplifier providing amplification of an input signal, said input signal being received from said light emitting diode and is used to disable said timer; and (f) a user-selected discrete electrical components providing control over parameters related to said conditioning; (g) a user-selected discrete electrical components providing control of said light emitting diode flash rate; (h) a printed circuit board providing an area to mount said discrete electrical components and electric circuit; and (i) a system power source mounted within said housing. 11. A safety light according to claim 10, wherein said light emitting diode is mounted within said housing and said housing is transparent to visible light. 12. A safety light according to claim 10, wherein said support comprises an adjustable strap, said strap having a first and second ends, said first end having a mechanism for securing said first end to said second end, providing for attachment of said safety light to an individual, pet, or object. 13. A safety light according to claim 10, wherein said support comprises an adjustable receiving area, said receiving area being configured, dimensioned and positioned to mount said safety light onto a spoke of a bicycle wheel. 14. A safety light according to claim 10, wherein said support has adhesive affixed on the surface of said support, said adhesive allows for mounting on said support on an object. 15. A safety light according to claim 10, wherein said motion sensor is a piezoelectric element type. 16. A safety light according to claim 10, wherein said electronic circuit is constructed as an application specific integrated circuit (ASIC) device. 17. A safety light according to claim 10, wherein said conditioning consists of signal filtering and amplification. 18. A safety light according to claim 17, wherein said signal filtering consists of one or more highpass filters. 19. A safety light according to claim 10, wherein said system power source consists of an arrangement of one or more batteries. 20. A safety light according to claim 19, wherein said battery is a three volt lithium coin cell type CR2032. 21. A safety light according to claim 10, wherein said system power source consists of a solar cell mounted to said system. 22. A motion activated and light sensitive multi-purpose safety light, comprising: (a) a housing, said housing having an opening, said opening allows the transmission of visible light into and from within the housing; (b) a support for supporting said housing; (c) a printed circuit board mounted within said housing; (d) a motion sensor mounted to said printed circuit board; (d) a visible light transceiver mounted to said printed circuit board; (e) a microcontroller mounted to said circuit board, said microcontroller being programmed to interpret input signals received from said motion sensor and said light transceiver, said microcontroller causing said light transceiver to flash said visible light transceiver when said input signals are received; (f) a system power source; and (g) a crystal-based timing circuit required to operate said microcontroller. 23. A signal emitting device, comprising a signal emitting component and a motion sensor for activating said signal emitting component, said motion sensor comprising, a piezoelectric crystal element, said piezoelectric crystal element being attached to a mass at a first point and to a support structure at a second point, said support structure being attached to a body whose motion is to be detected, said first point being positioned relative to said second point to result in the application of a positive or negative compression to said piezoelectric crystal element when said body whose motion is to be detected moves, causing said piezoelectric crystal element to respond to such compression with an electrically detectable change in characteristics. 24. A signal emitting device as in claim 23, wherein said structure is an enclosed structure. 25. A signal emitting device as in claim 23, wherein said signal emitting component is a light emitting diode and said light emitting diode is a light sensing component, said signal emitting device being disabled when light in excess of a predetermined magnitude falls on said light emitting diode. 26. A signal emitting device as in claim 25, further comprising a housing, said housing supporting said light emitting diode, said motion sensor and an electronic circuit, said housing being attached to a body whose motion is to be detected, said circuit being in communication with said light emitting diode and said piezoelectric crystal element, said circuit comprising: i. a motion sensor amplifier providing conditioning for a motion signal received from said piezoelectric crystal element; ii. a driver for illuminating said light emitting diode in a flashing manner; iii. a timer enabling the operation of said driver for a period of time; and iv. a photo-amplifier, said photo-amplifier providing amplification of an input signal, said input signal being received from said light emitting diode and is used to disable said timer; and a system power source mounted within said housing. 27. A signal emitting device as in claim 26, wherein said light emitting diode is a plurality of light emitting diodes. 28. A signal emitting device as in claim 27, wherein said plurality of light emitting diodes are a light sensing component, said signal emitting device being disabled when light in excess of a predetermined magnitude falls on said plurality of said light emitting diodes. 29. A signal emitting device as in claim 23, wherein said signal emitting component is an electronic excitation circuit incorporating a light emitting diode, and said light emitting diode produces a voltage in response to ambient light, said voltage disabling said electronic excitation circuit, whereby said signal emitting device only operates in relative darkness. 30. A signal emitting device as in claim 23, wherein said mass is capable of movement in response to forces having vector components orthogonal to each other. 31. A signal emitting device as in claim 23, wherein said mass and said motion sensor is capable of movement in response to forces having vector components orthogonal to each other. 32. A signal emitting device as in claim 23, wherein said mass is capable of movement in response to forces having more than one vector component. 33. A signal emitting device as in claim 23, wherein said mass and said motion sensor are capable of movement in response to forces having more than one vector component. 