An apparatus for demonstrating the conversion of solar energy to mechanical energy, the apparatus comprising: a solar energy device which collects and converts solar energy to electrical energy; a motor connected to the solar energy device for receiving electrical energy therefrom, the motor having a rotatable shaft which is rotatably drivable by the received electrical energy; wherein the motor is fixedly connected to a portable platform having a pair of hand grip surfaces spaced a selected straight line distance apart from each other; wherein a tube or rod having a longitudinal axis is fixedly connected or interconnected at an end thereof to the drive shaft of the motor such that the tube or rod is rotatably drivable around its longitudinal axis; and wherein the tube or rod is fixedly connected or interconnected to the drive shaft of the motor such that the longitudinal axis of the tube or rod is oriented approximately perpendicular to the straight line distance between the hand grip surfaces of the platform.
Claims I claim: 1. Apparatus for demonstrating collection and conversion of solar energy into mechanical energy, the apparatus comprising: a solar energy collection device which converts collected solar energy to electrical energy; a motor electrically connected to the solar energy collecting device, the motor receiving the electrical energy and converting the electrical energy to mechanical energy, the motor having a rotatably driven drive shaft which is rotatably driven by the mechanical energy; a tube or rod constructed and arranged to be gripped by a person's hand and having a longitudinal axis, the tube or rod being fixedly connected at an end thereof to the drive shaft of the motor such that the tube or rod is rotatably driven around its longitudinal axis when the drive shaft is driven; a portable platform, the motor and the tube or rod being connected to the portable platform, the portable platform having a pair of handle surfaces spaced a selected straight line distance apart from each other, the motor and the tube or rod being connected to the portable platform such that the axis of the tube or rod is oriented approximately perpendicular to the straight-line distance between the handle surfaces; wherein fully energizing the solar energy collection device causes the tube or rod to rotate with sufficient force such that a person grasping the tube or rod is unable to prevent the rotation thereof. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the solar energy collection and conversion efficiency is selected to supply the motor with an energy which drivably rotates the tube or rod at a speed and with a power such that an average human being with a hand is capable of gripping the rotating tube or rod with the hand when the solar energy collecting device is fully exposed to bright sunlight without receiving injury to the hand from the gripping. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the platform comprises a disc having a center axis, the motor and the tube or rod being connected to the disc such that the axis of the tube or rod is substantially coincident with the center axis of the disc. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the tube or rod has an outside diameter of between about 1/2 and about 5/8 inches. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the tube or rod has a longitudinal length of at least about 6 inches. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the straight line distance between the pair of handle surfaces is at least about 6 inches. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the motor has a selected horsepower, the solar energy collection device has a selected solar energy collection and conversion efficiency and the tube or rod has a selected outside diameter, the horsepower, the efficiency of the solar energy collection device and the outside diameter of the tube or rod being selected such that a human being is not capable of stopping the rotation of the tube or rod by gripping an outside surface of the tube or rod with the human being's hand when the solar energy collecting device is fully exposed to bright sunlight. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the motor drives the shaft such that the tube or rod rotates at a speed of less than about 10 rpm. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein the platform comprises a disc having a center axis, the motor and the tube or rod being connected to the disc such that the axis of the tube or rod is substantially coincident with the center axis of the disc. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the solar energy collecting device has a collection and conversion efficiency of between about 5 and about 15 percent. 11. The apparatus of claim 10 wherein the solar energy collection device comprises one or more flat panels of photovoltaically sensitive material having a surface collection area of between about 100 and about 400 square inches. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the motor has a maximum horsepower of between about 1/150 and about 1/100 horse power. 13. A portable solar energy education device comprising: a solar panel electrically connected to a motor having a drive shaft and a drive gear, said drive gear engaging a rotatable mounting shaft supported by a portable platform, a disc having an outer diameter, a central opening and an axis, the mounting plate being connected to the disc, the mounting shaft protruding through the central opening of the disc, a tube or rod constructed and arranged to be gripped by a person's hand and mounted on the mounting shaft and axially aligned with the axis of the disc, the solar panel being of sufficient size to receive a selected amount of solar energy so as to cause rotation of the tube or rod with a sufficient force such that a person grasping the tube or rod is unable to prevent rotation of the tube or rod, without injury to the person's hand grasping the tube or rod. 14. Apparatus for demonstrating the conversion of solar energy to mechanical energy, the apparatus comprising: a solar energy device which collects and converts solar energy to electrical energy; a motor connected to the solar energy device for receiving electrical energy therefrom, the motor having a rotatable shaft which is rotatably drivable by the received electrical energy, the motor being supported on a portable platform having a pair of hand grip surfaces spaced a selected straight line distance apart from each other; a tube or rod constructed and arranged to be gripped by a person's hand and having a longitudinal axis, the tube or rod being connected or interconnected at an end thereof to the drive shaft of the motor such that the tube or rod is rotatably drivable around its longitudinal axis; wherein fully energizing the solar energy collection device causes the tube or rod to rotate with sufficient force such that a person grasping the tube or rod is unable to prevent the rotation thereof. 15. The apparatus of claim 14 wherein the tube or rod has an outside diameter of between about 1/2 and about 5/8 inches. 16. The apparatus of claim 14 wherein the motor drives the shaft such that the tube or rod rotates at a speed of less than about 10 rpm. 17. The apparatus of claim 14 wherein the motor has a maximum horsepower of between about 1/150 and about 1/100 horse power. 