A photovoltaic (PV) power system having distributed square wave current DC to AC inverters integral with strings of PV cells in a PV array. The PV array is arranged into four quadrants and phase-shifted and summed AC voltages from each quadrant are further summed in a 12-phase to 3-phase transformer to produce a sinusoidal 3-phase AC voltage with a total harmonic distortion of less than 5 percent.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic (PV) array including embedded power conditioning comprising: a plurality of PV cells arranged in strings, each string generating a DC voltage; inverter means, connected to said string, for converting said DC voltage to three-phase AC current outputs; and means coupled to said output of said inverter means for summing said three-phase AC current outputs from each string and forming a three-phase AC high voltage output, wherein said inverter means generates a square wave current having a dwell time at a zero cross-over point of said AC voltage outputs of 60 electrical degrees. 2. A photovoltaic (PV) array including embedded power conditioning comprising: a plurality of PV cells arranged in strings, each string generating a DC voltage; inverter means, connected to said string, for converting said DC voltage to three-phase AC current outputs; and means coupled to said output of said inverter means for summing said three-phase AC current outputs from each string and forming a three-phase AC high voltage output, wherein said inverter means comprises a square wave inverter, wherein said square wave inverter comprises a six-pulse three-phase bridge configuration. 3. A photovoltaic (PV) array including embedded power conditioning comprising: a plurality of PV cells arranged in strings, each string generating a DC voltage; inverter means, connected to said string, for converting said DC voltage to three-phase AC current outputs; and means coupled to said output of said inverter means for summing said three-phase AC current outputs from each string and forming a three-phase AC high voltage output, wherein said summing means comprises a poly-phase to three-phase transformer. 4. The PV array as recited in claim 3 wherein said transformer comprises windings to introduce equal phase shifts between said three-phase AC current outputs from each string with respect to said other string. 5. The PV array as recited in claim 3 wherein said poly-phase to three-phase transformer provides for summing and canceling harmonic currents in square wave currents generated by said inverter means. 6. A power system comprising: a photovoltaic (PV) power source; said photovoltaic power source comprising an array of PV cells arranged in segments; each of said segments comprising at least one string of said PV cells for generating a DC voltage; inverter means, connected to said string, for converting said DC voltage to three-phase AC current outputs; circuit breaker means, coupled to each of said three-phase AC current outputs from each inverter means in each segments of said PV array, for protecting each string of said PV array; and means, coupled to said circuit breaker means for summing said three-phase AC current outputs from each segment and forming a three-phase AC high voltage output of said power system, wherein said inverter means generates a square wave current having a dwell time at a zero cross-over point of said AC current outputs of 60 electrical degrees. 7. A power system comprising: a photovoltaic (Pv) power source; said photovoltaic power source comprising an array of PV cells arranged in segments; each of said segments comprising at least one string of said PV cells for generating a DC voltage; inverter means, connected to said string, for converting said DC voltage to three-phase AC current outputs; circuit breaker means, coupled to each of said three-phase AC current outputs from each inverter means in each segments of said PV array, for protecting each string of said PV array; and means, coupled to said circuit breaker means for summing said three-phase AC current outputs from each segment and forming a three-phase AC high voltage output of said power system, wherein said inverter means comprises a square wave inverter, wherein said square wave inverter comprises a six-pulse three-phase bridge configuration. 8. A power system comprising: a photovoltaic (PV) power source; said photovoltaic power source comprising an array of PV cells arranged in segments; each of said segments comprising at least one string of said PV cells for generating a DC voltage; inverter means, connected to said string, for converting said DC voltage to three-phase AC current outputs; circuit breaker means, coupled to each of said three-phase AC current outputs from each inverter means in each segments of said PV array, for protecting each string of said PV array; and means, coupled to said circuit breaker means for summing said three-phase AC current outputs from each segment and forming a three-phase AC high voltage output of said power system, wherein said summing means comprises a poly-phase to three-phase transformer. 9. The power system as recited in claim 8 wherein said transformer comprises winding to introduce equal phase shifts between said three-phase AC current outputs from each segment with respect to said other segments. 10. The power system as recited in claim 8 wherein said poly-phase to three-phase transformer provides for summing and cancelling harmonic currents in square wave currents generated by said inverter means. 11. A power system comprising: a photovoltaic (PV) power source; said photovoltaic power source comprising an array of PV cells arranged in segments; each of said segments comprising at least one string of said PV cells for generating a DC voltage; inverter means, connected to said string, for converting said DC voltage to three-phase AC current outputs; circuit breaker means, coupled to each of said three-phase AC current outputs from each inverter means in each segments of said PV array, for protecting each string of said PV array; and means, coupled to said circuit breaker means for summing said three-phase AC current outputs from each segment and forming a three-phase AC high voltage output of said power system, wherein said circuit breaker means comprises a first breaker means provided for each of said three-phase AC current outputs of each segment and a second breaker means connected to a combination of said three-phase AC current outputs of said corresponding segment after passing through said first breaker means. 12. A power system comprising: a photovoltaic (PV) power source; said photovoltaic power source comprising an array of PV cells arranged in segments; each of said segments comprising at least one string of said PV cells for generating a DC voltage; inverter means, connected to said string, for converting said DC voltage to three-phase AC current outputs; circuit breaker means, coupled to each of said three-phase AC current outputs from each inverter means in each segments of said PV array, for protecting each string of said PV array; and means, coupled to said circuit breaker means for summing said three-phase AC current outputs from each segment and forming a three-phase AC high voltage output of said power system, wherein a voltage output of said summing means via said circuit breaker means is utilized to synchronize said inverter means to the voltage output of said summing means. 13. A method of converting DC power to AC power embedded in a photovoltaic (PV) array comprising the steps of: arranging a plurality of PV cells in multiple strings, each string generating a DC voltage; converting said DC voltage to three-phase AC current outputs; and summing said three-phase AC current outputs from each string and forming a three-phase AC high voltage output, wherein said step of converting said DC voltage to three-phase AC current outputs comprises the step of generating a square wave having a dwell time at a zero cross-over point of said AC current outputs of 60 electrical degrees. 14. A method of converting DC power to AC power embedded in a photovoltaic (PV) array comprising the steps of: arranging a plurality of PV cells in multiple strings, each string generating a DC voltage; converting said DC voltage to three-phase AC current outputs; and summing said three-phase AC current outputs from each string and forming a three-phase AC high voltage outputs, wherein said step of providing summing means further comprises the step of providing a poly-phase to three-phase transformer. 15. The method as recited in claim 14 wherein said step of providing said transformer comprises the step of providing windings to introduce equal phase shifts between said three-phase AC current outputs from each string with respect to said other strings. 16. The method as recited in claim 14 wherein said step of providing said poly-phase to three-phase transformer comprises the step of providing summing and canceling harmonic currents in the square wave currents. 