The invention includes a system for monitoring the performance of an automatic dosing siphon utilized in reservoir which is a part of a wastewater treatment system. The siphon includes a bell type cover, a fluid trap having one leg extending upward into the bell, and an outlet discharge pipe connected to said trap. A flow detect switch is located in the discharge pipe. Upon siphon activation the switch is opened and a countdown timer is reset. After draining the reservoir, the switch closes and the timer starts counting down a predetermined time period. If the siphon doesn't activate, time expires and an alarm is triggered. A second system utilizes a solenoid drain valve located above the outlet portion of the siphon trap such that upon time expiring the valve opens, the tank drains, and the timer resets. The valve automatically reprimes the siphon. The system continues to monitor the siphon and initiates an alarm upon subsequent siphon failures. Another system for restarting the siphon replaces the solenoid valve with an air pump whose air hose is situated under the siphon bell. Upon time expiring, the air pump activates and pumps air under the siphon bell thereby activating the siphon. The tank drains, the switch closes, and the siphon is reprimed for normal operations. A second timer counts down after the activation of the air pump or solenoid valve. If the switch is not opened within the second predetermined time period, an alarm is triggered.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A fluid discharge monitoring system which monitors the discharging of fluid from a reservoir having a bottom and a top portion utilized in a sewage treatment system such that in the event said discharge fails to occur notification of the failure can be given to an intended user, said system comprising: a) a fluid discharge means which discharges fluid from a reservoir; b) sensing means capable of determining when fluid within said reservoir has been discharged, and providing an output signal indicating that fluid within the reservoir has been discharged; c) control unit connected to said sensing means and upon receipt of said output signal therefrom activating a timing system used for determining when the next discharge of fluid from said reservoir should occur, and providing an alarm signal when said discharge does not occur within the time determined by the timing system; d) alerting means connected with said control unit which upon receipt of said alarm signal from said control unit activates a preselected device whereby an intended recipient can be quickly alerted that the discharging of fluid within said reservoir within the predetermined time has not occurred; and e) a power supply means providing electrical power to the sensing means, control unit, and alarm means. 2. The fluid discharge monitoring system of claim 1 wherein said fluid discharge means is accomplished by an automatic dosing siphon comprised thereof: a) a bell compartment located within said reservoir above the bottom portion of said reservoir, said bell compartment having an upper end substantially closed and an open lower end in communication with the interior of said reservoir for receiving fluid from the interior of said reservoir; b) a discharge conduit with an upper open end located within said bell compartment and extending downwardly, and outwardly through said reservoir; c) a trap element within said discharge conduit to capture a quantity of fluid therein; and d) a venting conduit extending from a lower open end within said discharge conduit, upwardly through said bell compartment, and extending downwardly to an open end arranged at a height located within said tank and above the bottom portion of said bell compartment. 3. The fluid discharge monitoring system of claim 1 wherein said fluid discharge means is accomplished by a dosing siphon located within said reservoir and having a discharger pipe extending beyond the reservoir. 4. The fluid discharge monitoring system of claim 3 wherein said sensing means is accomplished by a flow detect switch located in the discharge pipe of said automatic dosing siphon, which upon the discharge of fluid from said reservoir provides a discharged output signal to said control unit, signaling that the fluid within said reservoir has been discharged. 5. The fluid discharge monitoring system of claim 3 wherein said control unit includes a make-on-break relay. 6. The fluid discharge monitoring system of claim 3 wherein said alerting means is a flashing strobe light. 7. The fluid discharge monitoring system of claim 3 wherein said alerting means is an audible alarm. 8. The fluid discharge monitoring system of claim 3 wherein said power supply is a 120 volt AC power supply. 9. The fluid discharge monitoring system of claim 3 wherein said power supply is a solar panel charged battery power supply. 10. An automatic dosing siphon monitoring system which monitors the performance of an automatic dosing siphon having an outlet pipe utilized in a sewage treatment system having a reservoir such that in the event said siphon fails to activate a discharge of fluid from the reservoir within a predetermined time period, notification can be given to an intended user, said system comprising: a) a sensing means in said outlet pipe capable of determining when said automatic dosing siphon has activated, and providing a discharged output signal indicating when the siphon has activated; b) a control unit connected to said sensing means and upon receipt of said discharged output signal therefrom activating a timing system used for determining when the next activation of the automatic dosing siphon should occur, and providing an alarm signal when said activation does not occur within the time determined by the timing system; c) alerting means connected with said control unit which upon receipt of said alarm signal from said control unit activates a preselected device whereby an intended recipient can be quickly alerted that the automatic dosing siphon has failed to activate within a preselected time period; and d) a power supply means providing electrical power to the sensing means, control unit, and alarm means. 11. The automatic dosing siphon monitoring system of claim 10 wherein said sensing means is a flow detect switch located in the outlet pipe connected whereby upon the activation of the automatic dosing siphon and the rapid discharge of fluid from said reservoir the discharged output signal is sent to said control unit signaling that the fluid within said reservoir has been discharged. 12. The automatic dosing siphon monitoring system of claim 10 wherein said control unit includes a make-on-break relay. 13. The automatic dosing siphon monitoring system of claim 10 wherein said alerting means is a flashing strobe. 14. The automatic dosing siphon monitoring system of claim 10 wherein said alerting means is an audible alarm. 15. The automatic dosing siphon monitoring system of claim 10 wherein said power supply is a 120 volt AC power supply. 16. The automatic dosing siphon monitoring system of claim 10 wherein said power supply is a solar panel charged battery power supply. 17. An automatic dosing siphon monitoring and restart system which monitors the activity performance of an automatic dosing siphon utilized to discharge fluid from a reservoir, said system comprising: a) an automatic dosing siphon having a discharge conduit; b) a sensing means capable of determining when said automatic dosing siphon has activated and providing a discharged output signal; c) an alternative fluid discharge means connected to said discharge conduit; d) a control unit connected to said sensing means and upon receipt of said output signal activating a first timing system for a first predetermined time period, if said automatic dosing siphon does not activate within the first predetermined time period a time-out signal is provided to activate said alternative fluid discharge means and initiate a second timing system, if subsequent siphon activation does not occur within the second preselected time period an alarm signal is generated; e) a fluid level detection means which upon the fluid level in said reservoir reaching a predetermined low level automatically terminates said alternative fluid discharge means; f) alerting means connected with said control unit which upon receipt of said alarm signal activates a preselected device whereby an intended recipient can be quickly alerted that said automatic dosing siphon has failed to activate; and g) a power supply means providing electrical power to the sensing means, control unit, alternative fluid discharge means, alternative fluid discharge termination means, and alarm means. 18. The automatic dosing siphon monitoring and restart system of claim 17 wherein said automatic dosing siphon is comprised thereof: a) a bell compartment located within said reservoir above the bottom portion of said reservoir, said bell compartment having an upper end substantially closed and an open lower end in communication with the interior of said reservoir for receiving fluid from the interior of said reservoir; b) a discharge conduit with an upper open end located within said bell compartment extending downwardly and outwardly from said reservoir; c) a trap element within said discharge conduit to retain a quantity of fluid therein; and d) a venting conduit extending from a lower open end within said discharge conduit upwardly through said bell compartment and downwardly to an upper open end located within said reservoir and at a height outside and above the bottom portion of said bell compartment. 19. The automatic dosing siphon monitoring and restart system of claim 17 wherein said sensing means is a flow detect switch located downstream in the outlet discharge conduit whereby the switch upon the activation of the automatic dosing siphon and the rapid discharge of fluid from said reservoir provides a discharged output signal to said control unit. 20. The automatic dosing siphon monitoring and restart system of claim 17 wherein said control unit includes two relays connected in series. 21. The automatic dosing siphon monitoring and restart system of claim 17 wherein said alternative fluid discharge means includes a solenoid drain valve positioned in the reservoir and arranged to drain the reservoir into said discharge conduit, said solenoid drain valve is positioned above said automatic dosing siphon trap such that opening of said drain valve allows fluid to drain from the reservoir at a fluid flow rate which will reprime said trap while not triggering said sensing means. 22. The automatic dosing siphon monitoring and restart system of claim 17 wherein said fluid level detection means is a float switch mounted within said reservoir so that upon draining of fluid within said reservoir to a level below the opening of the upper end of the vent pipe a signal is sent to said drain valve means, thereby closing the valve means and terminating the discharge of fluid from said reservoir. 23. An automatic dosing siphon monitoring and restart system which monitors the performance of an automatic dosing siphon utilized to discharge fluid from a reservoir in a sewage treatment system upon the fluid within said reservoir reaching a predetermined high level, in the event said automatic dosing siphon fails to activate a discharge of fluid from said reservoir within a first predetermined time period, the system activates a second time period and a restarting device to restart said automatic dosing siphon and monitors the operation of said siphon so that if the dosing siphon fails to activate a discharge of fluid from said reservoir within said second time period a restart alert notification can be given to an intended user, said system comprising: a) an automatic dosing siphon having a discharge conduit; b) a sensing means capable of determining when said automatic dosing siphon has activated, and providing a discharged output signal; c) an automatic dosing siphon re-start means; d) a control unit connected to said sensing means and upon receipt of said discharged output signal activating a first timing system for a preselected time period; if said automatic dosing siphon does not activate within the first preselected time period a restart signal is generated to initiate said siphon restart means and initiate a second timing system for a second preselected time period to determine by when the re-priming and subsequent activation of said automatic dosing siphon should occur, if the subsequent activation does not occur within the second preselected time period an alarm signal is generated; e) said restart means being arranged to attempt a restart of the dosing siphon upon receipt of the restart signal from the control unit that the siphon did not operate during the first preselected time period; f) an alerting means connected with said control unit which upon receipt of said alarm signal activates an alerting device whereby an intended recipient can be quickly alerted that the automatic dosing siphon has failed to activate; and g) a power supply means providing electrical power to the sensing means, control unit, restarting means, and alert means. 24. The automatic dosing siphon monitoring and restart system of claim 23 wherein said automatic dosing siphon is comprised thereof: a) a bell compartment located within said reservoir above the bottom portion of said reservoir, said bell compartment having an upper end substantially closed and an open lower end for receiving fluid from the interior of said reservoir; b) said discharge conduit having an upper open end located within said bell compartment and extending downwardly and outwardly through said reservoir; c) a trap element within said discharge conduit to capture a quantity of fluid therein; and d) a venting conduit extending from a lower open end within said discharge conduit, upwardly through said bell compartment, and extending downwardly to an open end arranged within said reservoir and at a height above the bottom portion of said bell compartment. 25. The automatic dosing siphon monitoring and restart system of claim 24 wherein said sensing means is a flow detect switch located downstream in the discharge conduit; said flow detect switch provides a discharged output signal to said control unit signaling that the fluid within said reservoir has been discharged. 26. The automatic dosing siphon monitoring and restart system of claim 24 wherein said control unit includes two relays connected in series. 27. The automatic dosing siphon monitoring and restart system of claim 24 wherein said restart means is an air pump means which is activated upon the count-down of the first timing system, said air-pump means pumps air into said siphon bell compartment for a predetermined time period so as to force the restart of said automatic dosing siphon. 