A solar energy collector system which includes n groups (13, 14) of arrayed reflectors (15) and n 1 target receiver systems (10, 11, 12) which present absorbing surfaces to solar radiation that is reflected by the reflectors (15) within the groups. The receiver systems (10, 11, 12) are elevated relative to the reflectors (15) and the reflectors are pivotally mounted to support structure (19) in a manner such that they may be positioned angularly to reflect incident radiation toward one or the other of the receiver systems (10, 11, 12). The collector system is characterized in that at least some of the reflectors (15) within each group (13, 14) are arranged to be pivoted to an extent such that they may be oriented selectively to shift the direction of reflected incident soar radiation form one to another of the receiver systems.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar energy collector system which comprises: a group of reflectors arranged in parallel rows, the reflectors being supported at least at ground level, two spaced-apart target receiver systems located one at each end of the group of reflectors, the receiver systems being supported above ground level and being elevated relative to the group of reflectors, support structures pivotably mounting the reflectors, with some of reflectors being orientated angularly to reflect incident solar radiation toward one of the receiver systems and others of the reflectors being orientated angularly to reflect incident solar radiation to the other of the receiver systems, a drive means for imparting pivotal movement to the reflectors, whereby the reflectors are positioned angularly to maintain reflection of incident solar radiation toward the receiver systems, and for selectively pivoting at least some of the reflectors to an extent such that they are reorientated to shift the direction of reflected solar radiation from one of the receiver systems to the other receiver system. 2. The collector system as claimed in claim 1 wherein all of the reflectors within the group are arranged to be pivoted by the drive means to such an extent as to shift the direction of reflection of radiation from one to the other of the receiver claims. 3. The collector system as claimed in claim 1 wherein some of the reflectors within the group are arranged to be pivoted by the drive means to such an extent as to shift the direction of reflection of solar radiation from one to the other of the receiver systems, and wherein other reflectors within the group are arranged to be pivoted by the drive means to such an extent as to change the angle of reflection of radiation but without shifting the direction of radiation from one to the other of the receiver systems. 4. The collector system as claimed in claim 1 wherein each receiver system comprises a solar-to-thermal energy exchange system. 5. The collector system as claimed in claim 4 wherein each receiver system comprises at least one rack of arrayed collector elements through which a heat exchange fluid is passed in use of the system. 6. The collector system as claimed in claim 5 wherein each collector element comprises a glass tube through which heat exchange fluid is passed, the tube having inner and outer walls which define an evacuated space and the inner wall of the tube being coated with a solar selective surface coating. 7. The collector system as claimed in claim 6 wherein the collector tubes extend in a vertical direction between upper and lower support members of the rack. 8. The collector system as claimed in claim 6 wherein the collector tubes extend in a diagonal direction between upper and lower support members of the rack. 9. The collector system as claimed in claim 4 wherein each receiver system comprises at least one inverted cavity type receiver having a horizontally disposed, longitudinally extending absorber plate, a glass panel disposed in parallel relationship to the plate, and a gas-containing cavity separating the plate and the panel, the plate having an undersurface that is exposed to the cavity and which is coated with a solar selective surface coating and the receiver incorporating heat exchange tubes in contact with an upper surface of the plate. 10. The collector system as claimed in claim 1, wherein there are n groups of the reflectors and n+1 said receiver systems, each group of reflectors being positioned between two of said receiver systems. 11. The collector system as claimed in claim 10 wherein the reflectors within each group are arranged in linear rows which extend parallel to the receiver systems. 12. The collector system as claimed in claim 11 wherein the reflectors within each row are coupled mechanically. 13. The collector system as claimed in claim 12 wherein the drive system is coupled to each row of reflectors and is arranged to effect relative pivoting of the reflectors in a manner to adjust for small incremental changes in the angle of incident radiation, whereby radiation reflected from the reflectors is spread substantially uniformly over the absorbing surface of the receiving system to which the radiation is reflected. 14. The collector system as claimed in claim 1 wherein each reflector is shaped to effect concentration of reflected solar radiation. 