A collar mounted animal control device which administers a stimulus to an animal. The control device includes at least one photovoltaic member that produces energy for the administered stimulus and an energy storage device that can be charged by the at least one photovoltaic member. A charging circuit can be coupled between the photovoltaic member and the energy storage device and used to accumulate and periodically supply energy to the energy storage device.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An animal control device, comprising: a collar; a stimulation device coupled to the collar for producing a stimulus and selectively applying the stimulus to an animal wearing the collar; a photovoltaic member coupled to the collar for producing energy to power the stimulation device in response to exposure of the photovoltaic member to electromagnetic radiation; an energy storage device for receiving energy from the photovoltaic member and for supplying energy to the stimulation device; and a charging circuit coupled between the photovoltaic member and the energy storage device which charging circuit accumulates and periodically supplies energy to the energy storage device. 2. The animal control device of claim 1, wherein the energy storage device is a rechargeable battery. 3. The animal control device of claim 2, further comprising a diode having an anode electrically connected to the charging circuit and a cathode electrically connected to the energy storage device. 4. The animal control device of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic member includes at least one solar cell. 5. The animal control device of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic member produces electrical energy having at least one of a voltage and a current dependent upon solar electromagnetic radiation. 6. The animal control device of claim 1, wherein the stimulation device includes at least one probe that delivers an electrical signal to the animal as the stimulus. 7. The animal control device of claim 1, wherein the stimulus is one of an electrical signal administered to the animal, an audio signal administered to the animal, a spray administered to the animal, and a mechanical stimulus administered to the animal. 8. The animal control device of claim 7, wherein the mechanical stimulus includes tightening of a collar fitted to the animal. 9. The animal control device of claim 1, wherein the stimulation device includes one of a bark inhibitor, a receiver and stimulator for a remote controlled trainer, and a receiver and stimulator for a confinement system. 10. The animal control device of claim 1, wherein the charging circuit includes a capacitor which can be charged by the photovoltaic member and used to charge the energy storage device and a micro controller for controlling operation of the charging circuit. 11. The animal control device of claim 10, wherein the charging circuit further comprises a voltage detector for monitoring the charge on the capacitor and a voltage regulator for controlling the charge on the capacitor. 12. The animal control device of claim 11, wherein the charging circuit further comprises a field effect transistor for pulsing charge currents to the energy storage device. 