A pet watering device is for automatically providing water to a pet, such as a dog, from a source of water under pressure. The pet watering device includes a water supply conduit having a first end which is operably connected to a faucet and a second end which is disposed remote from the faucet to allow a discharge of the water therefrom. A valve is in the water supply conduit for being opened to allow the water to flow though the water supply conduit and closed to prevent the flow of the water therethrough. The water supply conduit includes a mounting element for mounting the second end at a selected position for allowing the pet to drink the water therefrom. A sensor is for sensing the movement of the pet near the second end of the water supply conduit. The sensor is operably connected to the valve to cause the valve to be opened when the pet is sensed moving near the second end and to be closed after the pet is no longer sensed near the second end. The water supply conduit and the second end thereof are configured to facilitate the flow of water therethrough at a flow rate which will allow the pet to drink the water without being frightened thereby.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A pet watering device for automatically providing water to a pet, such as a dog, from a source of water under pressure, said pet watering device comprising: water supply conduit means having a first end for being operably connected to the source of water and a second end for allowing a discharge of the water therefrom; valve means in said water supply conduit means for being opened to allow the water to flow though said water supply conduit means and closed to prevent the flow of the water therethrough; said water supply conduit means including mounting means for mounting said second end at a selected position for allowing the pet to drink the water therefrom; sensing means for sensing the movement of the pet near said second end of said water supply conduit means; said sensing means being operably connected to said valve means to cause said valve means to be opened when the pet is sensed moving near said second end and to be closed after the pet is no longer sensed near said second end; and said water supply conduit means and said second end thereof being configured to facilitate the flow of water therethrough at a flow rate which will allow the water to flow generally outwardly from said second end without creating a spray to allow the pet to drink the water without being frightened thereby. 2. The pet watering device as set forth in claim 1, wherein the source of water includes a faucet and said pet watering device is for being used with a hose, said water supply conduit means includes a major portion independent of said valve means, said major portion includes said second end and an input hose connection opposite of said second end, said valve means includes said first end and an output hose connection opposite said first end, said first end is connected to the faucet, and said output hose connection and said input hose connection are capable of being joined by the hose to allow said second end to be located remote from the faucet. 3. The pet watering device as set forth in claim 2, wherein said pet watering device is for being installed on a lawn, said major portion of said water supply conduit means includes said mounting means for mounting on the ground and for directing the water from said second end in a general outward direction from said major portion at a convenient height above the ground for allowing the pet access thereto. 4. The pet watering device as set forth in claim 3, wherein said sensing means is mounted on said major portion of said water supply conduit means to sense the movement of the pet located in said general outward direction from said major portion. 5. The pet watering device as set forth in claim 4, wherein said sensing means includes a signal transmitter, said valve means includes a signal receiver, and said sensing means is operably connected to said valve means by the transmission of a motion signal from said signal transmitter to said signal receiver when the pet is sensed moving near said second end of said major portion. 6. The pet watering device as set forth in claim 5, wherein said sensing means includes adjustment means for only sensing the movement of the pet within a range of about five feet from said second end. 7. The pet watering device as set forth in claim 6, wherein said sensing means includes a sensor power source and said valve means includes a valve power source independent of said sensor power source. 8. The pet watering device as set forth in claim 7, wherein said sensor power source includes a solar battery. 9. The pet watering device as set forth in claim 7, wherein said valve power source provides operating power to activate said valve means and said operating power is only utilized to cause said valve means to open and to cause said valve means to close. 10. The pet watering device as set forth in claim 9, further including time delay means for delaying the utilization of said operating power to close said valve means after a predetermined amount of time during which the sensing means does not sense any movement of the pet near said second end. 11. The pet watering device as set forth in claim 10, wherein said predetermined amount of time is between ten and twenty seconds. 12. The pet watering device as set forth in claim 1, wherein the source of water includes a faucet and a hose which is capable of being connected from the faucet to said first end of said water supply conduit means and said second end is located at said selected position remote from the faucet. 13. The pet watering device as set forth in claim 12, wherein said water supply conduit means includes said mounting means for mounting in a fixed location relative to the ground and for directing the water from said second end in a general outward direction from said water supply conduit means at a convenient height above the ground for allowing the pet access thereto. 14. The pet watering device as set forth in claim 13, wherein said valve means is located between said first end and said second end and said sensing means is mounted on said water supply conduit means to sense the movement of the pet located in said general outward direction from said water supply conduit means. 15. The pet watering device as set forth in claim 14, wherein said sensing means includes adjustment means for only sensing the movement of the pet within a range of about five feet from said second end. 16. The pet watering device as set forth in claim 1, wherein said valve means includes a valve power source for providing operating power to activate said valve means and said operating power is only utilized to cause said valve means to open and to cause said valve means to close. 17. The pet watering device as set forth in claim 16, further including time delay means for delaying the utilization of said operating power to close said valve means after a predetermined amount of time during which the sensing means does not sense any movement of the pet near said second end. 18. The pet watering device as set forth in claim 17, wherein said predetermined amount of time is between ten and twenty seconds. 19. A pet watering device for automatically providing water to a pet, such as a dog, in a lawn from a faucet under pressure and for being used in conjunction with a hose, said pet watering device comprising: water supply conduit means including valve means and a major portion independent of said valve means; said valve means includes a first end and an output hose connection opposite said first end; said major portion including a second end for allowing a discharge of the water therefrom and an input hose connection opposite of said second end; said first end for being connected to the faucet; said output hose connection and said input hose connection being capable of being joined by the hose to allow said second end to be located remote from the faucet; said valve means in said water supply conduit means for being opened to allow the water to flow from the faucet, though the hose and said major portion, and out of said second end and for being closed to prevent the flow of the water therethrough; said major portion including mounting means for mounting said major portion on the lawn and for directing the water from said second end in a general outward direction from said major portion to cause said second end to be at a selected position for allowing the pet to drink the water therefrom; sensing means on said major portion for sensing the movement of the pet located near said second end in said general outward direction from said major portion; said sensing means including a signal transmitter; said valve means including a signal receiver; said sensing means being operably connected to said valve means by the transmission of a motion signal from said signal transmitter to said signal receiver when the pet is sensed moving near said second end of said major portion; said motion signal causing said valve means to be opened when the pet is sensed moving near said second end and to be closed after the pet is no longer sensed near said second end; and said water supply conduit means and said second end thereof being configured to facilitate the flow of water therethrough at a flow rate which will allow the pet to drink the water without being frightened thereby. 20. The pet watering device as set forth in claim 19, wherein said valve means includes a valve power source for providing operating power to activate said valve means and said operating power is only utilized to cause said valve means to open and to cause said valve means to close. 21. The pet watering device as set forth in claim 20, further including time delay means for delaying the utilization of said operating power to close said valve means after a predetermined amount of time during which the sensing means does not sense any movement of the pet near said second end. 22. The pet watering device as set forth in claim 21, wherein said predetermined amount of time is between ten and twenty seconds. 23. The pet watering device as set forth in claim 19, wherein said sensing means includes adjustment means for only sensing the movement of the pet within a range of about five feet from said second end. 24. A method of automatically providing water to a pet, such as a dog, from a source of water under pressure, said method comprising the steps of: providing water supply conduit means having a first end for receipt of the water from the source of water and a second end for allowing discharge of the water therefrom; providing valve means in said water supply conduit means between said first end and said second end for being selectively opened to allow the water to flow though said water supply conduit means and closed to prevent the flow of the water therethrough; mounting said second end at a fixed location and in a position for allowing the pet to drink the water therefrom; sensing the movement of the pet near said second end of said water supply conduit means; opening said valve means after said sensing of the movement of the pet near said second end; closing said valve means after there is no longer any said sensing of the movement of the pet near said second end; and causing the flow of the water through said second end to be at a controlled flow rate which will allow the pet to drink the water without being frightened thereby after said opening of said valve means. 25. The method as set forth in claim 24, wherein said step of mounting includes locating said second end above the ground and said step of causing the flow of water includes directing the water from said second end in a general outward direction from said water supply conduit means at a convenient height above the ground for allowing the pet access thereto. 26. The method as set forth in claim 25, wherein said step of sensing is provided by mounting a sensor on said water supply conduit means adjacent said second end thereof for said sensing of the movement of the pet in said general outward direction from said water supply conduit means. 27. The method as set forth in claim 26, wherein the source of water includes a faucet, said step of providing the water supply conduit means includes providing a major portion physically separated from said valve means with said second end on said major portion and said first end on said valve means and further including the steps of securing said first end to the faucet and installing a hose between said valve means and said major portion of said water supply conduit means. 28. The method as set forth in claim 27, wherein said step of sensing includes transmitting a motion signal from said sensor adjacent said second end and receiving said motion signal at said valve means for said opening and said closing of said valve means. 29. The method as set forth in claim 24, wherein the source of water includes a faucet and a hose and said step of providing said water supply conduit means includes connecting the hose between the faucet and said first end. 30. The method as set forth in claim 24, wherein said step of sensing only occurs when the pet is moving within a range of about five feet from said second end. 31. The method as set forth in claim 24, further including the steps of providing operating power to activate said valve means and only utilizing said operating power for said opening of said valve means and for said closing of said valve means. 32. The method as set forth in claim 31, further including the step of delaying said utilizing of said operating power for said closing of said valve means after a predetermined amount of time during which there is no said sensing of any movement of the pet near said second end. 33. The method as set forth in claim 32, wherein said delaying is for said predetermined amount of time of between ten and twenty seconds. 34. A pet watering device for automatically providing water to a pet, such as a dog, from a source of water under pressure, said pet watering device comprising: water supply conduit means having a first end for being operably connected to the source of water and a second end for allowing a discharge of the water therefrom; valve means in said water supply conduit means for being opened to allow the water to flow though said water supply conduit means and closed to prevent the flow of the water therethrough; said water supply conduit means including mounting means for mounting said second end at a selected position for allowing the pet to drink the water therefrom; sensing means for sensing the movement of the pet near said second end of said water supply conduit means; said sensing means being operably connected to said valve means to cause said valve means to be opened when the pet is sensed moving near said second end and to be closed after the pet is no longer sensed near said second end; said water supply conduit means and said second end thereof being configured to facilitate the flow of water therethrough at a flow rate which will allow the pet to drink the water without being frightened thereby; said valve means including a valve power battery having a limited battery life to provide operating power to activate said valve means; and said operating power only being utilized to cause said valve means to open and to cause said valve means to close to extend the time that said pet watering device can be used to water the pet prior to the termination of said limited battery life. 