An automatic feeder and control system is provided which transports feed material such as bird food and the like from a reservoir storage compartment and into a feed receptor station which can be substantially vertically above the reservoir storage compartment. An endless belt moves through a tube which generally connects the reservoir storage compartment and the feed receptor station. By the operation of a drive assembly, feed material within the reservoir storage compartment is moved by the endless belt into the feed receptor station.
Claims I claim: 1. A feeder apparatus, comprising: a support assembly for the apparatus; a generally vertically oriented tube having an elongated open interior, said tube being supported by said support assembly; an endless belt positioned within said elongated open interior of the tube, said endless belt having at least one receptor member; a storage compartment for containing feed material; a drive assembly which drivingly engages said endless belt to convey said endless belt along a path which includes at least an elongated length portion of the tube, and said path passes along said storage compartment such that said endless belt carries a portion of the feed material; and a feed receptor station which is remote from said storage compartment and which is positioned to receive the feed material from said endless belt. 2. The feeder apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein said endless belt has more than one receptor member which is generally cup-shaped. 3. The feeder apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein said endless belt includes a thin and flexible member which carries said at least one receptor member. 4. The feeder apparatus in accordance with claim 3, wherein said endless belt is a metal band. 5. The feeder apparatus in accordance with claim 2, wherein the receptor member is mounted such that an open mouth thereof is generally upwardly directed when the endless belt moves in an upward direction and is generally downwardly directed when the endless belt moves in a downward direction. 6. The feeder apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein said feed receptor station has an access chamber which receives the feed material and which can be accessed by a bird. 7. The feeder apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein said feed receptor station is above said storage compartment. 8. The feeder apparatus in accordance with claim 1, further including a skirt member within said storage compartment, which skirt member is at an interface with a bottom portion of the tube. 9. The feeder apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein at least a portion of said tube is transparent. 10. The feeder apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein said drive assembly is mounted along the tube and includes a worm gear assembly which drivingly engages said endless belt. 11. The feeder apparatus in accordance with claim 10, wherein said drive assembly further includes a clutch for stopping or reversing the direction of the endless belt. 12. The feeder apparatus in accordance with claim 1, further including a magnetic member at the drive assembly in order to temporarily hold a portion of said endless belt during movement of the endless belt by the drive assembly. 13. The feeder apparatus in accordance with claim 1, further including an elongated knurled pad positioned along an external portion of the endless belt. 14. The feeder apparatus in accordance with claim 1, further including an elongated divider positioned within the tube and positioned inside the circuitous path of the endless belt, said elongated divider having a length which is less than that of the endless belt. 15. The feeder apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein said drive assembly is powered, and the apparatus includes one or more solar panels. 16. The feeder apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein said storage compartment is associated with a trough for receiving water. 17. The feeder apparatus in accordance with claim 1, further including a mounting member for securing the feed receptor to an additional supporting structure. 18. The feeder apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein said drive assembly is mounted along a selected location of the tube. 19. The feeder apparatus in accordance with claim 10, wherein said drive assembly is mounted along a selected location of the tube, and wherein said worm gear assembly enters said tube through an opening in the tube and engages the endless belt. 20. The apparatus in accordance with claim 1, further including a photocell at said feed receptor station, said photocell being in operative communication with said drive assembly in order to cease operation of said drive assembly when a predetermined level of feed material has been deposited into the feed receptor station. 21. A feeder apparatus, comprising: a support assembly for the apparatus; a generally vertically oriented tube having an elongated open interior, said tube being supported by said support assembly; an endless belt positioned within said elongated open interior of the tube, said endless belt having at least one receptor member; a storage compartment for containing feed material; a drive assembly which drivingly engages said endless belt to convey said endless belt along a path which includes at least an elongated length portion of the tube, and said path passes along said storage compartment such that said endless belt carries a portion of the feed material; a feed receptor station which is remote from said storage compartment and which is positioned to receive the feed material from said endless belt; said endless belt has more than one receptor member which is generally cup-shaped, said endless belt includes a thin and flexible member which carries said receptor member, said endless belt is a metal band; and said receptor member is mounted such that an open mouth thereof is generally upwardly directed when the endless belt moves in an upward direction and is generally downwardly directed when the endless belt moves in a downward direction. 22. A feeder apparatus, comprising: a support assembly for the apparatus; a generally vertically oriented tube having an elongated open interior, said tube being supported by said support assembly; an endless belt positioned within said elongated open interior of the tube, said endless belt having at least one receptor member; a storage compartment for containing feed material; a drive assembly which drivingly engages said endless belt to convey said endless belt along a path which includes at least an elongated length portion of the tube, and said path passes along said storage compartment such that said endless belt carries a portion of the feed material; a feed receptor station which is remote from said storage compartment and which is positioned to receive the feed material from said endless belt; said drive assembly is mounted along the tube and includes a worm gear assembly which drivingly engages said endless belt; and an elongated divider is positioned within the tube and positioned inside the circuitous path of the endless belt, said elongated divider having a length which is less than that of the endless belt. 