An optical shutter encoder provides a mechanism for monitoring a state condition of an apparatus. A shutter assembly is adapted to have an aperture that varies with the changing state of the apparatus feature being monitored. An optical emitter and detector are provided to sample the condition of the shutter, that is, to determine if it is open, partially closed, or fully closed. The shutter condition is indicative of the state condition. A series of encoders is provided to monitor repetitive devices of the apparatus; the emitter and detector pair are moved to sequentially sample each shutter, thus providing the state condition of each repetitive device of the apparatus.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An encoder apparatus for monitoring state conditions of a plurality of devices, comprising: an optical assembly, having an optical emitter, and an optical detector, mounted in operable cooperation with said emitter, said emitter and detector defining a gap therebetween; and each of said plurality of devices is provided with a shutter assembly, adapted to cooperate with said optical assembly, having a first aperture plate, having a set of apertures therethrough, and a second aperture plate mounted adjacently said first aperture plate thereon in a plane parallel to said first aperture plate, having a set of apertures therethrough substantially identical to said first aperture plate set of apertures, said first and second aperture plate being adapted for relative motion to each other such that said sets of apertures move selectively from an aligned position, where light from said emitter passes through said sets of apertures to said detector, to a misaligned position, where light from said emitter is blocked by said misaligned plates from being transmitted to said detector; and a carriage assembly, said optical assembly being fixedly mounted thereon for relative motion with respect to each of said shutter assemblies such that each said shutter assembly selectively passes through the gap defined between said optical emitter and optical detector. 2. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, further comprising: means for fixedly mounting said first aperture plate with respect to said device; means, coupled to said second aperture plate, for providing said relative motion by moving said second aperture plate with respect to said first aperture plate in response to a changing state condition of said device. 3. The apparatus as set forth in claim 2, wherein the aperture opening provided by said first aperture plate and said second aperture plate changes incrementally as said means for providing said relative motion moves said second aperture plate. 4. The apparatus as set forth in claim 3, wherein said detector further comprises: a means for detecting the relative intensity of light from said emitter and transmitting a signal indicative of said intensity of light. 5. The apparatus as set forth in claim 2, wherein said detector further comprises: means for transmitting a first signal indicative of a first state condition of said device upon detection of any light from said emitter through said first and second aperture plates and a second signal indicative of a second state condition of said device when no light from said emitter is received through said first and second aperture plates. 6. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein said apparatus further comprises: a plurality of said shutter assemblies fixedly mounted in a series configuration such that each said shutter assembly is sequentially sampled by said optical assembly during said motion of said carriage assembly. 7. A digital encoder system for determining the status of a series of repetitive, cut sheet media trays having predetermined capacity state conditions, comprising: a carriage mechanism; an optical emitter and detector pair, cooperatively mounted in a fixed relationship on said carriage mechanism to define a gap between said emitter and said detector, said detector including means for transmitting a signal indicative of reception of light from said emitter; a plurality of shutter means, each mounted on one of said trays, respectively, each shutter means including a first aperture plate, having a set of apertures therethrough, fixedly mounted on each of said trays, a second aperture plate, substantially identical to said first aperture plate, having a substantially identical set of apertures therethrough, mounted on each of said trays in a parallel orientation to said first aperture plate and adapted to move in a parallel manner with respect said first aperture plate, and means, fixedly coupled to said second aperture plate, for incremental moving said second aperture plate in accordance with said capacity state condition of each of said trays from a first position wherein said sets of apertures are in substantially full alignment to a second position wherein said sets of apertures are fully misaligned; wherein said carriage mechanism sequentially moves said optical emitter and detector pair to each of said trays such that said shutter means is oriented in said gap to obstruct light from said emitter when said shutter is closed and to pass light from said emitter to said detector when said shutter means is at least partially open, said signal from said means for transmitting a signal being indicative of the capacity state condition of each said trays based upon the position of said second aperture plate, whereby said capacity state condition of each of said trays is determined. 8. The system as set forth in claim 7, wherein said set of apertures in said first and second aperture plates further comprises: aperture slits adapted for changing aperture opening due to linear relative motion by said first and second aperture plates. 9. The system as set forth in claim 7, wherein said set of apertures in said first and second aperture plates further comprises: aperture slits adapted for changing aperture opening due to radial relative motion by said first and second aperture plates. 10. The system as set forth in claim 7, wherein said set of apertures in said first and second aperture plates further comprises: aperture slits adapted for changing aperture opening due to spiral relative motion by said first and second aperture plates. 11. The system as set forth in claim 7, wherein said optical emitter and detector pair further comprises: an opto-switch providing a first digital signal when said shutter means is in said first position or any transitional position to said second position and a second digital signal when said shutter is in said second position. 12. The system as set forth in claim 7, wherein said optical emitter and detector pair further comprises: a light source and a photovoltaic detector arranged such that said photovoltaic detector provides a signal indicative of the relative position of said first and second aperture plates as said second aperture plate moves from said first position to said second position. 