The method and apparatus for measuring the current-voltage characteristic curve of a solar panel uses cost-effective equipment and a minimized need of optical output power. A light pulse is applied to the solar panel and the response of the solar panel to the light pulse is measured by varying the electrical load connected to the output of the solar panel. The measurement is carried out with the help of a short-duration decaying light pulse such that the falling tail of the pulse is used for such a short period that the intensity of the pulse does not have time to change essentially during the measurement.
Claims I claim: 1. A method for measuring a current-voltage characteristic curve of a solar panel, comprising the steps of: a) applying an input light pulse to the solar panel, the input light pulse having a falling tail; and b) measuring a response of the solar panel to the falling tail of the input light pulse. 2. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein a rate-of-rise of an electric load at the start of the measurement is slower than at the end of the measurement. 3. The method as defined in claim 1, before the step a), further comprising generating the input light pulse with a xenon gas-discharge lamp. 4. The method as defined in claim 1, further comprising: c) monitoring an intensity level of the falling tail of the light pulse; and d) starting the step b) when the intensity level reaches a predetermined level. 5. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the step b) measures the response for an interval such that the intensity of the falling tail of the input light pulse does not change essentially during the measurement. 6. An apparatus for the measurement of a current-voltage characteristic curve of a solar panel, comprising: a light source generating an input light pulse having a falling tail and applying the light pulse on the solar panel; current measurement means for measuring an output current of the solar panel generated by the falling tail of the applied input light pulse; voltage measurement means for measuring an output voltage of the solar panel generated by the falling tail of the applied input light pulse; an adjustable load applying different load resistances for the output current and voltage measurements of the solar panel; a control unit connected to said current measurement means voltage measurement means, and said load for the control of a measurement sequence; and a light detector triggering the measurement during the falling tail of the light pulse. 7. The apparatus as defined in claim 6, further comprising means for controlling said adjustable load such that the rate-of-rise of said adjustable load is smaller at a start of a measurement cycle than at an end of the measurement cycle. 8. The apparatus as defined in claim 6, wherein said light source is a xenon gas-discharge lamp. 9. The apparatus as defined in claim 6, wherein the falling tail of said light pulse is essentially exponentially decaying. 10. The apparatus as defined in claim 6, wherein the light detector triggers the measurement when an intensity of the falling tail of the light pulse reaches a predetermined level. 11. An apparatus for the measurement of output capability of a solar panel, comprising: a light source that applies a light pulse on the solar panel, the fight pulse having a falling tail; and a measuring unit that measures a response of the solar panel to the falling tail. 12. The apparatus as defined in claim 11, wherein the falling tail is measured for an interval such that the intensity of the pulse does not change essentially during the measurement. 13. The apparatus as defined in claim 11, wherein the measuring unit includes at least one of a current measuring element and a voltage measuring element. 14. The apparatus as defined in claim 11, further comprising a light detector that monitors an intensity level of the falling tail and triggers the measurement when the intensity level reaches a predetermined level. 15. The apparatus as defined in claim 11, wherein the light pulse has a pulse peak greater than an intensity of the sun. 16. The apparatus as defined in claim 11, wherein the light source is a flash apparatus in which electric energy charged in a capacitor is applied to a gas-discharge lamp. 17. The apparatus as defined in claim 11, wherein the measurement is started during the falling tail when an intensity of the light pulse is equal to a intensity of the sun. 18. The apparatus as defined in claim 11, further comprising an adjustable load connected to the solar panel that applies a load resistance for the measurements of the measuring unit. 19. the apparatus as defined in claim 18, further comprising a control unit connected to the measuring unit and the adjustable load to control the load resistance. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the control unit includes a feedback loop that controls the adjustable load such that an output power of the solar panel changes substantially linearly during the measurement. 