An infinity-projecting light assembly (10) that is housed in an enclosure (12) that encloses a multiplicity of lamps (70) and passive components (74). Within the enclosure (12) is located a convex mirror that is attached to the enclosure's rear panel (34) and a two-way mirror (94) that is attached to the front ledge (26) of the enclosure (12). The mirrored surfaces of the two mirrors face each other which allows the lamps (70) and passive components (74) to be replicated into a descending visual tunnel that terminates at a perceived infinity point. The assembly (20) incorporates an electrical-control circuit that provides the power to light the interior of the enclosure via a decorative translucent panel (118). The circuit also provides power to a music playback unit, the lamps (70), a light dimming unit and a light blinking unit. The light blinking unit can be set to blink in synchrony with the music from the playback unit.
Claims I claim: 1. An infinity-projecting light assembly comprising: a) an enclosure having a right section, a left section and an upper section, wherein each of the sections have an outward surface, an inward surface, a lower edge, a front edge and a rear edge with the front edge and rear edge further having an inward extending ledge, b) a rear panel dimensioned to fit into the inward extending ledge on the rear edge of said enclosure, wherein said rear panel has an outer surface, an inner surface, and is removably attached by an attachment means, c) a convex mirror vertically and centrally attached by an attachment means to the inner surface of said rear panel, with the convex mirror surface directed towards the front edge of said enclosure, d) a flat border mirror having a central opening that fits along the edges of said convex mirror and having outer edges that fit against the inward surface of said enclosure, wherein said flat mirror is attached, by an attachment means, to the inner surface of said rear panel, e) a reflective plastic strip attached, by an attachment means, to the inward surface of said assembly with said plastic strip having a multiplicity of bores therethrough into which are inserted and attached by friction, a like multiplicity of electrically operated lamps, f) a plurality of passive components located adjacent to said reflective plastic strip and attached, by an attachment means, to the inward surface of said enclosure, g) a rectangular boxed base having an upper surface and a lower surface, with each surface having an inward extending ledge and wherein to each corner of said lower surface is attached a pad, wherein said base is dimensioned to receive the lower edges of said enclosure which are attached to said base by an attachment means, h) a two-way mirror dimensioned to be held in-place when inserted into the inward extending ledge located on the front edges of said enclosure and on said base, wherein the mirrored surface of said two-way mirror is directed towards the mirrored surface of said convex mirror, i) a bottom plate having an upper surface and a lower surface, wherein said plate is dimensioned to be attached by a plurality of fasteners to the inward extending ledge on the lower surface of said base, j) at least one primary light source attached, by an attachment means, to the upper surface of said bottom plate, k) a translucent panel having an upper surface and a lower surface, wherein said translucent panel is dimensioned to fit into the inward extending ledge on the upper surface of said base and is held therein by the lower edges of said enclosure, wherein said panel allows the light from the at least one primary light source to pass through said translucent panel and illuminate said enclosure, and l) an electrical power circuit located, within said base and said enclosure, that applies power to said plurality of lamps and said at least one primary light source, wherein said electrical power circuit is operated from a utility power source which is applied to said circuit through a power switch and a fuse, wherein when said electrical power circuit illuminates said multiplicity of lamps and said primary light source the light from the primary light source illuminates the interior of said enclosure, wherein the combination of said convex mirror, said two-way mirror said multiplicity of lamps and said passive components creates an image that is replicated and reduced proportionally as the image is replicated toward a centrally located vanishing point located on said convex mirror. 2. The assembly as specified in claim 1 wherein said means for removably attaching said rear panel to the rear edges of said enclosure comprises a plurality of fasteners. 3. The assembly as specified in claim 1 wherein said means for attaching said convex mirror and said flat mirror to the inner surface of said rear panel comprises an adhesive. 4. The assembly as specified in claim 1 wherein said means for attaching said reflective plastic strip to the inward surface of said assembly comprises a plurality of spacers that are attached on each end by an adhesive, wherein said spacers create a space between said plastic strip and said assembly that is used to enclose and route the electrical wires, from said electrical power circuit, that are connected to said lamps. 5. The assembly as specified in claim 4 wherein said lamps are comprised of incandescent lamps. 6. The assembly as specified in claim 4 wherein said lamps are comprised of light emitting diodes (LEDs). 7. The assembly as specified in claim 1 wherein said means for attaching said plurality of passive components to the inward surfaces of said enclosure comprises an adhesive. 8. The assembly as specified in claim 7 wherein said passive components may be constructed of a translucent material and are back lighted by lamps that are illuminated by said electrical power circuit. 9. The assembly as specified in claim 1 wherein said two-way mirror is comprised of a solar-reflective glass having a mirror surface. 10. The assembly as specified in claim 1 wherein said convex mirror is made from a glass substrate. 11. The assembly as specified in claim 1 wherein said convex mirror is made from a plastic substrate. 12. The assembly as specified in claim 1 wherein said translucent panel is comprised of a multi-colored stained-glass. 13. The assembly as specified in claim 1 wherein said at least one primary light source is comprised of a fluorescent lamp mounting base designed to accommodate two fluorescent light bulbs, wherein said mounting base is attached to the upper surface of said bottom plate and is connected to said electrical power circuit. 14. The assembly as specified in claim 1 wherein said primary light source is comprised of two side-by-side fluorescent lamp mounting bases wherein each base is designed to accommodate two fluorescent light bulbs, wherein said two bases are attached to the upper surface of said bottom plate and are connected to said electrical power circuit. 15. The assembly as specified in claim 1 wherein said assembly further comprises an a-c power receptacle that is connected to said electrical power circuit, where into said receptacle can be connected a music playback unit. 16. The assembly as specified in claim 15 wherein said music playback unit is comprised of a tape playback unit or a compact disc playback unit. 17. The assembly as specified in claim 1 wherein said electrical power circuit is further comprised of a light dimming unit that controls the brightness of said primary light source. 18. The assembly as specified in claim 17 wherein said electrical power circuit is further comprised of a light blinking unit that is connected to said incandescent lamps, wherein said light blinking unit is adjusted to allow said lamps to blink in synchrony with the music being played on said music playback unit. 19. The assembly as specified in claim 18 wherein said electrical power circuit is further comprised of a d-c power supply that is connected to said electrical power circuit, wherein said d-c power supply produces the required d-c voltage to operate said plurality of light emitting diode (LEDs). 