A railroad crossing traffic warning system for alerting a motorist approaching a railroad crossing to the presence of an oncoming train. The system comprises a series of magnetometer sensor probes buried in the right-of way adjacent to a railroad track at predetermined distances from the railroad crossing. These sensors provide a signal to a controller unit when the presence of a train is sensed. The controller unit first determines the speed at which the oncoming train is traveling and the time it will take for the train to reach the crossing and then activates an improved warning apparatus at a predetermined amount of time before the train reaches the crossing. The improved warning apparatus comprises an X-shaped railroad crossing warning sign or "crossbuck" having a plurality of light emitting diodes ("LED") or the like mounted on the across the center thereof, a plurality of strobe lights, and a train direction indicator comprising a plurality of lamps which are lighted sequentially to indicate the direction in which the oncoming train is traveling. The system may be powered by a rechargeable battery which may be recharged by a solar panel array allowing the system to be utilized at crossings located in rural areas where a source of AC electrical power is not readily available.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A railroad crossing traffic warning system for alerting a motorist approaching a railroad crossing to the presence of an oncoming train, said warning system comprising: a sensor positioned adjacent to the railroad track at a predetermined distance from the railroad crossing, said sensor for detecting an oncoming train and for producing a signal in response thereto; an alerting device for alerting the motorist to the presence of an oncoming railroad train such that the motorist may take cautionary or evasive action before the arrival of the train at the railroad crossing; and a controller operatively coupled to said sensor and said alerting device, said controller for receiving the signal from said sensor and controlling operation of said alerting device in response thereto, said controller further comprising: a processor for processing the signal received from said sensor and controlling said alerting device in response to said processed signal; a sensor signal interface for interfacing said processor with said sensor to provide the signal received from said sensor to said processor; and an alerting device interface for interfacing said processor with said alerting device. 2. The railroad crossing traffic warning system of claim 1, wherein said sensor comprises a magnetometer. 3. The railroad crossing traffic warning system of claim 1, wherein said controller comprises a rechargeable battery. 4. The railroad crossing traffic warning system of claim 3, further comprising a solar panel array for charging said rechargeable battery. 5. The railroad crossing traffic warning system of claim 1, wherein said alerting device comprises: a support placed at an entrance to the railroad crossing; and a visual warning assembly mounted on said support means for providing a visual output signal, said visual warning assembly being responsive to said controller. 6. The railroad crossing traffic warning system of claim 5, wherein said visual warning assembly comprises an X-shaped railroad crossing warning sign, said warning sign having a reflector for reflecting the lights of an oncoming automobile and a plurality of lighting devices forming an X-shape. 7. The railroad crossing traffic warning system of claim 6, wherein said lighting device comprises a light emitting diode. 8. The railroad crossing traffic warning system of claim 5, wherein said visual warning assembly comprises a strobe light. 9. The railroad crossing traffic warning system of claim 5, wherein said visual warning assembly comprises a train direction indicator, said train direction indicator including a plurality of lamps arranged adjacent to each other in a line wherein said lamps may be lighted sequentially to indicate the direction in which an oncoming train is traveling. 10. The railroad crossing traffic warning system of claim 1, wherein said alerting device comprises audible warning device. 11. The railroad crossing traffic warning system of claim 10, wherein said audible warning device comprises a siren horn. 12. The railroad crossing traffic warning system of claim 10, wherein said audible warning device comprises a bell. 13. The railroad crossing traffic warning system of claim 1, wherein said processor is a microprocessor. 14. The railroad crossing traffic warning system of claim 1, wherein said processor further performs diagnostics to monitor operation of the system for proper function. 15. A railroad crossing traffic warning system for alerting a motorist approaching a railroad crossing to the presence of an oncoming train, said warning system comprising: means for detecting an oncoming train and producing a signal in response thereto; means for alerting the motorist to the presence of an oncoming train so that the motorist may take cautionary or evasive action before the arrival of the rain at the railroad crossing; and means for receiving the signal from said detecting means and controlling said alerting means in response thereto, said controlling means further comprising: means for processing the signal received from said sensor, controlling said alerting device in response to said processed signal and monitoring operation of the system for proper function; means for interfacing said processing means with said sensor to provide the signal received from said detecting means to said processing means; means for interfacing said processing means with said alerting means. 16. The railroad crossing traffic warning system of claim 15, wherein said detecting means comprises a magnetometer. 17. The railroad crossing traffic warning system of claim 15, further comprises means for supplying power to the system. 18. The railroad crossing traffic warning system of claim 15, wherein said alerting means comprises: means for providing a visual warning to a motorist; and means, placed at an entrance to the railroad crossing, for supporting said visual warning providing means. 19. The railroad crossing traffic warning system of claim 18, wherein said alerting means further comprises means for indicating the direction in which the oncoming train is traveling. 20. The railroad crossing traffic warning system of claim 15, wherein said alerting means comprises means for providing an audible warning. 