A mailbox has a housing with an internal chamber for receiving mail and a mailbox door attached for movement with respect to the housing between a closed position for enclosing the internal chamber and an open position for exposing the internal chamber. A door actuating mechanism is attached to the mailbox and is operable to assist in remotely opening and closing the door by a mail carrier. The door actuating mechanism includes a transmitter; a door mounting section connected to the door; an electrical actuator having an actuator body fixed with respect to the mailbox housing; and an actuator shaft mounted for movement with respect to the actuator body. The shaft has a proximal end portion movably mounted in the actuator body and a distal end portion connected to the door mounting section for opening and closing the door upon movement of the shaft. A receiver is electrically coupled to the actuator for causing the actuator to open or close the mailbox door upon receipt of a signal from the transmitter. A signal flag is pivotally attached to the mailbox housing at a pivot joint and includes a lower portion that extends below the pivot joint when the flag is in a raised position. A flag lowering mechanism has a first end connected to the door for movement therewith and a second end for engagement with the lower portion of the flag. With this arrangement, movement of the door from the closed position to the open position causes the second end to engage and push against the lower end of the flag to thereby pivot the flag to a lowered position. A hollow base supports the mailbox and houses the receiver and actuator body. A battery pack is located within the hollow base for providing electrical power to the receiver and actuator body. The battery pack can be recharged by a solar panel mounted at an upper end of the base. A signal light can be provided on the mailbox to supplement or replace the signal flag.
Claims The embodiments of the invention in which an exclusive property or privilege is claimed are defined as follows: 1. A door actuating mechanism adapted for use with a mailbox having a housing with an internal chamber for receiving mail and a mailbox door attached for movement with respect to the housing between a closed position for enclosing the internal chamber and an open position for exposing the internal chamber, the actuating mechanism being operable to assist in manual opening and closing of said door by a mail carrier, said door actuating mechanism comprising: a transmitter; a door mounting section comprising a lever arm adapted for mounting to the door such that a lower portion of the lever arm extends below a bottom of the door and curves outwardly away from the door when mounted thereto; a mounting arm rigidly attached to the lever arm for connecting the lever arm to the door, the lever arm and mounting arm of the door mounting section are generally connected together in a T-shape with the mounting arm including an intermediate portion connected to the lever arm and opposite end portions that extend generally perpendicular to the intermediate portion, each of the opposite end portions being adapted to project through a corresponding aperture in the door for securing the door mounting section thereto, each of the end portions is threaded, and further comprising a pair of internally threaded nuts for attachment to the threaded end portions such that the door is sandwiched between the intermediate portion and the nuts when the door mounting section is mounted to the door; an electrical actuator having an actuator body adapted to be fixed with respect to the mailbox housing, and an actuator shaft mounted for movement with respect to said actuator body, the shaft having a proximal end portion movably mounted in the actuator body and a distal end portion pivotally connected to the lower portion of the lever arm for opening and closing said door upon movement of said shaft, the electrical actuator is a linear actuator and reciprocal provides movement of the actuator shaft with respect to the actuator body for opening and closing of said door, whereby relatively small reciprocal movement of the actuator shaft with respect to the actuator body is adapted to reciprocate the door between fully opened and fully closed positions; and a receiver electrically coupled to said actuator for causing said actuator to open or close said mailbox door upon receipt of a signal from said transmitter. 2. A door actuating mechanism according to claim 1 and further comprising a flag lowering mechanism having a first end adapted for connection to the door for movement therewith and a second end for engagement with a flag pivotally attached to the mailbox housing; wherein movement of the door from the closed position to the open position is adapted to move the flag from a raised position to a lowered position. 3. A door actuating mechanism according to claim 2 wherein the flag lowering mechanism is generally L-shaped with a generally horizontal leg adapted for connection to the door at said first end and a generally vertical leg that extends from the generally horizontal leg, an upper portion of the generally vertical leg comprising the second end of the flag lowering mechanism; wherein movement of the door from the closed position to the open position is adapted to move the second end to engage and push against the lower end of the flag to thereby move the flag to the lowered position. 4. In a mailbox system having a mailbox comprising a housing with an internal chamber for receiving mail and a mailbox door attached for movement with respect to the housing between a closed position for enclosing the internal chamber and an open position for exposing the internal chamber; and a door actuating mechanism attached to the mailbox, the actuating mechanism being operable to assist in opening and closing the door by a mail carrier, the improvement comprising: said door actuating mechanism comprising: a transmitter; a door mounting section connected to the door; an electrical actuator having an actuator body fixed with respect to the mailbox housing, and an actuator shaft mounted for movement with respect to said actuator body, the shaft having a proximal end portion movably mounted in the actuator body and a distal end portion connected to said door mounting section, for opening and closing said door upon movement of said shaft; and a receiver electrically coupled to said actuator for causing said actuator to open or close said mailbox door upon receipt of a signal from said transmitter. 5. A mailbox system according to claim 4 and further comprising: a hollow base connected to said mailbox for supporting said mailbox in an upright position with at least a portion of the actuator being mounted in the hollow base; and at least one battery located within said hollow base; said at least one battery being electrically connected to said transmitter and said actuator. 6. A mailbox system according to claim 5 wherein said hollow base includes a first generally horizontal member connected to said mailbox and a second generally vertical member extending from the first member; and further comprising a solar panel supported on the second generally vertical member, the solar panel being electrically connected to the at least one battery for recharging the battery. 7. A mailbox system according to claim 6 wherein the solar panel is dome-shaped. 8. A mailbox system according to claim 4 wherein the electrical actuator is a linear actuator and reciprocal movement of the actuator shaft with respect to the actuator body causes the opening and closing of said door. 9. A mailbox system according to claim 8 wherein the door mounting section comprises a lever arm mounted to the door such that a lower portion of the lever arm extends below a bottom of the door, the distal end portion of the actuator shaft being pivotally connected to the lower portion of the lever arm. 10. A mailbox system according to claim 9 wherein the lower portion of the lever arm curves outwardly away from the door; whereby relatively small reciprocal movement of the actuator shaft with respect to the actuator body causes the door to reciprocate between fully open and fully closed positions. 11. A mailbox system according to claim 10 and further comprising a mounting arm rigidly attached to the lever arm for connecting the lever arm to the door. 12. A mailbox system according to claim 11 wherein the lever arm and mounting arm of the door mounting section are generally connected together in a T-shape with the mounting arm including an intermediate portion connected to the lever arm and opposite end portions that extend generally perpendicular to the intermediate portion, each of the opposite end portions projecting through a corresponding aperture in the door for securing the door mounting; section thereto. 13. A mailbox system according to claim 12 wherein each of the end portions is threaded, and further comprising a pair of internally threaded nuts attached to the threaded end portions such that the door is sandwiched between the intermediate portion and the nuts. 14. A mailbox system according to claim 4 and further comprising: a flag pivotally attached to the mailbox housing at a pivot joint; a flag lowering mechanism having a first end connected to the door for movement therewith and a second end for engagement with the flag; wherein movement of the door from the closed position to the open position causes movement of the flag from a raised position to a lowered position. 15. A mailbox system according to claim 14 wherein the flag includes a lower portion that extends below the pivot joint when the flag is in the raised position; and further wherein the flag lowering mechanism is generally L-shaped with a generally horizontal leg connected to the door at said first end and a generally vertical leg that extends from the generally horizontal leg, an upper portion of the generally vertical leg comprising the second end of the flag lowering mechanism; wherein movement of the door from the closed position to the open position causes the upper portion of the generally vertical leg to engage and push against the lower portion of the flag to thereby pivot the flag to the lowered position. 