A battery system for an body stabilized satellite traveling in a geosynchronous orbit comprises east and second battery modules and similarly facing radiators for discharging beat to deep space. Heat conduction arteries connect each battery module to its associated radiator. An east thermal switch is operable for thermally connecting the first battery module to and from the east facing radiator. Similarly, a west thermal switch is operable for thermally connecting the second battery module to and from the west facing radiator. A computer selectively operates the east and west thermal switches such that, in one instance, for a time between the satellite's emergence from the earth's shadow and its position nearest the sun, the respective thermal switches thermally connect the first battery module to its radiator while thermally disconnecting the second battery module from its radiator. In another instance, beginning when the satellite is nearest the sun and ending as it enters the earth's shadow, the east thermal switch thermally disconnects the first battery module from its radiator while the west thermal switch thermally connects the second battery module to its radiator. In still another instance, beginning when the satellite is in the shadow of the earth, the battery modules are simultaneously thermally connected to their associated radiators. Charging of each battery proceeds while it is thermally connected to its respective radiator.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A battery system for a body stabilized satellite traveling in an orbit and having generally north, south, east, west, earth, and anti earth faces comprising: a first battery module mounted on the satellite; an east facing radiator for discharging heat to deep space from said first battery module; an east heat conduction artery connecting said first battery module and said east facing radiator; a second battery module mounted on the satellite; a west facing radiator for discharging heat to deep space from said second battery module; a west heat conduction artery connecting said second battery module and said west facing radiator; east thermal switch means operable for thermally connecting said first battery module to said east facing radiator and for thermally disconnecting said first battery module from said east facing radiator; west thermal switch means operable for thermally connecting said second battery module to said west facing radiator and for thermally disconnecting said second battery module from said west facing radiator; and a controller for selectively operating said east and west thermal switch means; whereby, in one instance, said east thermal switch means thermally connects said first battery module to said east facing radiator while said west thermal switch means thermally disconnects said second battery module from said west facing radiator and, in another instance, said east thermal switch means thermally disconnects said first battery module from said east facing radiator while said west thermal switch means thermally connects said second battery module to said west facing radiator and, in still another instance, simultaneously thermally connects said first battery module to said east facing radiator and thermally connects said second battery module to said west facing radiator. 2. A battery system as set forth in claim 1 an auxiliary north facing radiator for charging heat to deep space from said first battery module; an auxiliary heat conduction artery connecting said first battery module battery and said auxiliary north facing radiator; auxiliary south facing radiator for discharging heat to deep space from said second battery module; an auxiliary heat conduction artery connecting said second battery module and said south facing radiator; and auxiliary thermal switch means selectively operable for thermally connecting said auxiliary north facing radiator to said first battery module and for thermally connecting said auxiliary south facing radiator to said second battery module. 3. A battery system as set forth in claim 1 including: means for electrically charging each of said battery modules. 4. A battery system as set forth in claim 3 wherein said battery charging means includes: a north face mounted solar array electrically connected to said first battery module; and a south face mounted solar array electrically connected to said second battery module. 5. A battery system as set forth in claim 3 including: wherein said battery charging means includes: a north face mounted solar array electrically selectively connected to either said first battery module or said second battery module, or to both said first battery module and said second battery module; and a south face mounted solar array electrically connected to either said first battery module or said second battery module, or to both said first battery module and said second battery module; and switch means operable for selectively connecting, electrically, said north face mounted solar array and said south face mounted solar array to said first and second battery modules, respectively; and controller means for operating said switch means. 6. A battery system as set forth in claim 1 including: a first crossing heat conduction artery connecting said east heat conductive artery and said west facing radiator, said east thermal switch means being selectively operable for thermally connecting said east battery module to said west facing radiator and for thermally disconnecting said east battery module from said west facing radiator; and a second crossing heat conduction artery connecting said west heat conductive artery and said east facing radiator, said west thermal switch means being selectively operable for thermally connecting said west battery module to said east facing radiator and for thermally disconnecting said west battery module from said east facing radiator. 7. A method of arranging and operating a battery system for a body stabilized satellite traveling in a geosynchronous orbit and having north, south, east, west, earth, and anti earth faces comprising the steps of: (a) mounting a first battery module internally to the satellite; (b) mounting a second battery module internally to the satellite; (c) mounting an east facing radiator on the east face of the satellite for discharging heat to deep space from the first battery module; (d) mounting a west facing radiator on the west face of the satellite for discharging heat to deep space from the second battery module; (e) in one instance thermally connecting the first battery module to the east facing radiator while thermally disconnecting the second battery module from the west facing radiator; (f) in another instance thermally connecting the second battery module to said west facing radiator while thermally disconnecting the first battery module from the east facing radiator; and (g) in still another instance, simultaneously thermally connecting the first battery module to the east facing radiator and thermally connecting the second battery module to the west facing radiator. 8. A method of arranging and operating a battery system as set forth in claim 7 wherein the first battery module is mounted proximate the east facing radiator; and wherein the second battery module is mounted proximate the west facing radiator. 9. A method of arranging and operating a battery system as set forth in claim 7 including the steps of: (h) performing step (e) during a finite period of the geosynchronous orbit of the satellite beginning as the satellite emerges from the shadow of the earth and ending when the satellite is nearest the sun; (i) performing step (f) during a finite period of the geosynchronous orbit of the satellite beginning when the satellite is nearest the sun and ending as the satellite enters the shadow of the earth; and (j) performing step (g) during a finite period of the geosynchronous orbit of the satellite beginning when the satellite is in the shadow of the earth. 10. A method of arranging and operating a battery system as set forth in claim 7 including the step of: (h) electrically charging each battery module while it is thermally connected to its respective one of the radiators. 11. A method of arranging and operating a battery system as set forth in claim 9 including the steps of: (k) charging the first battery module concurrently with step (h); (l) charging the second battery module concurrently with step (i); and (m) charging both the first battery and the second battery concurrently with step (j). 12. A method of arranging and operating a battery system as set forth in claim 7 including the step of: (h) ending discharge of each of said battery modules a predetermined time before rotation to the sun of an associated one of the radiators. 