A hemispheric moving focus power plant (10) has a hemispheric solar reflector (12) for reflecting solar energy. A receiver (14) for receiving reflected solar energy and producing power therefrom is movably connected to the hemispheric solar reflector (12). The receiver (14) includes a frame with a top (24), to which a plurality of photovoltaic cells are connected, and a support (26). Further, a power conditioner (16) is connected to the receiver (14) for receiving power from the receiver (14) and conditioning the power for use.
Claims I claim: 1. A hemispheric moving focus power plant apparatus comprising: (a) a hemispheric solar reflector means for reflecting solar energy; (b) photovoltaic receiver means for receiving reflected solar energy and producing electrical power therefrom, said photovoltaic receiver means comprising a vertical center support stem, a top connected to said vertical center support stem and angling outwardly and upwardly at an acute angle from said vertical center support stem, said top and said vertical center support stem covered with a plurality of photovoltaic cells, and said photovoltaic receiver means is movably connected to said hemispheric solar reflector; and (c) a power conditioning means, connected to said photovoltaic receiver means, for receiving electrical power from said photovoltaic receiver means and conditioning said electrical power for use. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said hemispheric solar reflector means further comprises a hemispheric solar reflector which represents the arc required at a selected latitude so as to substantially avoid eclipsing. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein the arc is ninety degrees and the latitude is thirty degrees. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said photovoltaic receiver means further comprises a top in the shape of an anvil. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said photovoltaic cells are 20 to 1 concentrator cells. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a water collection means, for collecting water captured by said hemispheric solar reflector means. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a guidance system for controllably moving the photovoltaic receiver means around said hemispheric solar reflector means and up and down a reflective surface of said hemispheric solar reflective means. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein said guidance system further comprises a circumferential rail guide around said hemispheric reflector means and a central pivot point at the nadir of said hemispheric solar reflector means for controlling said photovoltaic receiver means around, in, or above said hemispheric solar reflector means. 9. The apparatus of claim 7 further comprising a sun scope for automatically seeking the sun unless overridden. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said power conditioning means is a solid state or rotary inverter to convert DC power from the photovoltaic cells to synchronous AC power. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said power conditioning means stores power for future consumption. 12. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein storage is in the form of one from a group including reversible fuel cells, hydrogen generation, compressed air storage, and inertial flywheel storage. 13. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a base connected to said vertical center support stem and angling outwardly and downwardly at an acute angle from said vertical center support stem, said base covered with reflective means for reflecting solar energy onto said photovoltaic receiver means. 14. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein the acute angle of the and base sections is twenty-two degrees and the photovoltaic cells are 20 to 1 concentrator cells. 15. A hemispheric moving focus power plant method comprising the steps of: (a) constructing the hemispheric solar reflector means for reflecting solar energy; (b) movably attaching a photovoltaic receiver means for receiving reflected solar energy and producing electrical power therefrom to said hemispheric solar reflector means, said photovoltaic receiver means comprising a vertical center support stem, a top connected to said vertical center support stem and angling outwardly and upwardly at an acute angle from said vertical center support stem, said top and said vertical center support stem covered with a plurality of photovoltaic cells; and (c) connecting a power conditioning means to said photovoltaic receiver means, for receiving electrical power from said photovoltaic receiver means and conditioning said electrical power for use. 16. The method of claim 15 further comprising the step of providing a guidance system for controllably moving the photovoltaic receiver means around said hemispheric solar reflector means and up and down a reflective surface of said hemispheric solar reflector means. 17. The method of claim 15 wherein the step of constructing a hemispheric solar reflector further comprises the step of constructing a square with three hemispheric solar reflector means to a side and one power converting means in the center of said square to which all eight photovoltaic receiver means are connected. 