A Satellite Weather Modification System (SWMS) uses earth satellites to harness solar energy to modify the thermodynamics and composition of the earth's atmosphere. SWMS has three subsystems: The first subsystem includes a network of earth satellites called Satellite Engines (SEs) used to reflect solar energy and/or transform solar energy into other forms of energy beams discharged at specified locations. The media at these locations and the media through which the energy beams pass absorb these energies and change them into heat. The second subsystem includes a large network of Remote Sensing Devices (RSDs). These sensors are used to measure local media compositions, dynamic parameters and thermodynamic properties. Sensor measurements are fed back to the third subsystem, which includes a network of Ground Control Stations (GCSs). GCSs provide energy beam guidance by estimating each beam's characteristics and its aim point trajectory as functions of time. Integration of these three subsystems establishes a sensor feedback energy beam guidance and control loop. SWMS's weather modification applications include alteration of precipitation, reclaiming of wasteland, reducing damage by bad weather, and improving environment. Its non-weather related applications include supplying concentrated energy to electricity generating stations (solar, wind and hydro), high latitude greenhouse farms, and solar powered airplanes.
Claims I claim: 1. Apparatus comprising: a plurality of satellites, each of said satellites being in a planetary orbit, and each satellite being under remote control and capable of reflecting solar radiation; a plurality of detectors for monitoring a planetary region, each detector generating at least one signal representative of dynamic or thermodynamic conditions in the monitored region; and at least one control station responsive to the signals from the detectors and exercising remote control over the satellites for directing solar energy reflected from the satellites towards a plurality of distributed aim points to achieve desired dynamic or thermodynamic properties of the monitored region. 2. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the monitored region comprises a land mass. 3. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the monitored region comprises a water mass. 4. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the monitored region comprises an air mass. 5. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the control station comprising means for extrapolating current dynamic or thermodynamic atmospheric values to determine corresponding values at a future time. 6. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the control station comprises means for specifying desired dynamic or thermodynamic values at desired locations and desired times. 7. A method comprising: placing each of a plurality of satellites in a planetary orbit, each satellite being capable of reflecting solar radiation; selecting a planetary region to be monitored; detecting dynamic or thermodynamic conditions at a plurality of points in the selected region; determining an increment of solar radiation needed to substantially conform the detected dynamic or thermodynamic conditions to desired values; and exercising remote control over the satellites so as to direct solar energy reflected from the satellites towards a plurality of distributed aim points to achieve the determined increment. 8. A method according to claim 7 comprising the step of including a land mass in the selected region. 9. A method according to claim 7 comprising the step of including a water mass in the selected region. 10. A method according to claim 7 comprising the step of including an air mass in the selected region. 11. Apparatus comprising: at least one million satellites, each of said satellites being in a planetary orbit, and each satellite being under remote control and capable of reflecting solar radiation; a plurality of detectors for monitoring a planetary region, each detector generating at least one signal representative of dynamic or thermodynamic conditions in the monitored region; and at least one control station responsive to the signals from the detectors and exercising remote control over the satellites for directing solar energy reflected from the satellites back into space and away from the planet to achieve desired dynamic or thermodynamic properties of the monitored region. 12. Apparatus according to claim 11 wherein: the number of said satellites is at least one billion. 13. Apparatus according to claim 11 wherein the control station comprising means for extrapolating current dynamic or thermodynamic atmospheric values to determine corresponding values at a future time. 14. Apparatus according to claim 11 wherein the control station comprises means for specifying desired dynamic or thermodynamic values at desired locations and desired times. 15. A method comprising: placing each of at least one million satellites in a planetary orbit, each satellite being capable of reflecting solar radiation; selecting a planetary region to be monitored; detecting dynamic or thermodynamic conditions at a plurality of points in the selected region; determining a decrement of solar radiation needed to substantially conform the detected dynamic or thermodynamic conditions to desired values; and exercising remote control over the satellites for directing solar energy reflected from the satellites back into space and away from the planet to achieve the determined decrement. 16. A method according to claim 15 wherein: the number of said satellites is at least one billion. 