A solar receiver (1) for a solar-thermal power plant, comprising a receiver surface (2) facing towards the concentrated incident solar radiation (8) and including a plurality of mutually spaced absorber bodies (3), is provided with gas channels arranged between the absorber bodies (3) for supplying a gas or gaseous mixture (11) adapted to absorb solar radiation (8) to a region located in front of the receiver surface (2). In this region, the gas (11) will absorb a part of the incident solar radiation (8) and then will be sucked together with the ambient air (9) through the absorber bodies (3) to be further heated therein.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar receiver (1) for a solar-thermal power plant comprising a receiver surface (2) adapted to face towards concentrated incident solar radiation (8), ambient air (9) being used as a heat-carrier medium flowing through the receiver surface (2), a gas or gaseous mixture (11) adapted to absorb solar radiation (8) being supplied via gas channels to a region located externally in front of the receiver surface (2) the receiver surface (2) includes a plurality of absorber bodies (3) having lateral faces arranged at mutually spaced distances from each other, and the lateral faces of the absorber bodies (3) are arranged to limit the gas channels in a manner generating gas flow around each absorber body (3) along a periphery thereof. 2. The solar receiver as defined in claim 1 wherein the absorber bodies (3) are each arranged on a tubular support member (4) for discharge of heated air (10), and the gas channels are formed by the support members (4) and the absorber bodies (3). 3. The solar receiver as defined in claim 2 wherein the support members (4) are mounted by means of a lockable mounting device (13) allowing side mounting of the support members (4) relative to the receiver surface (2). 4. The solar receiver as defined in claim 3 wherein the mounting device (13) includes a plurality of peripheral engagement elements (14) pressed by a tensioning means (15) into a peripheral groove (17) of the support member (4). 5. The solar receiver as defined in claim 1 wherein the gas or gaseous mixture (11) functions as a cooling medium circulating through the solar receiver (1). 6. The solar receiver as defined in claim 1 wherein the gas or gaseous mixture (11) is colored. 7. The solar receiver as defined in claim 1 wherein components of the solar receiver (1) are made of ceramics. 8. A method of operating a solar receiver (1) for a solar-thermal power plant, comprising a plurality of absorber bodies (3) having gas channels arranged therebetween, wherein a gas or gaseous mixture (11) adapted to absorb the solar radiation (8) is guided through the gas channels to a region externally in front of the receiver surface (2) formed by the absorber bodies (3) where the gas is at least partially burnt to be then suctionally removed through the absorber bodies (3). 9. The method as defined in claim 8 wherein the gas (11) comprises air enriched with graphite. 10. The solar receiver as defined in claim 1 wherein the gas or gaseous mixture (11) is colored by graphite. 11. The solar receiver as defined in claim 1 wherein components of the solar receiver (1) are made of silicone carbide. 