One or more deployable thermal panels (24, 28, 70) are actively controlled throughout the orbit of a satellite (20) to provide thermal dissipation. Adjusting the incident angle between the panel (24, 28, 70) and the sun and controlling the flow of fluid through optional flexible heat pipes loads and unloads heat to provide thermal stability for components (62) which have special thermal requirements. An optional antenna panel (70) on a nadir side (64) of the satellite (20) offers an antenna side (74) on one surface and a thermal radiating side (72) on an opposing surface. In addition, thermal panel movements are controlled (96) to provide counter-disturbance torques (140).
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A space vehicle having actively controlled thermal radiating surfaces, said space vehicle comprising: a body; a panel drive unit attached to said body; a thermal panel having an attached end and a free end opposing said attached end, said attached end of said thermal panel being attached to said drive unit so as to reside outside said body, wherein said thermal panel includes a communications antenna, and is configured to have a communications radiating side and a thermal radiating side opposite said communications radiating side; a temperature sensor located on one of said body and said thermal panel; and a processor electrically coupled to said temperature sensor and to said panel drive unit, said processor being configured to command said drive unit to move said thermal panel relative to said body in response to signals received from said temperature sensor. 2. A space vehicle as claimed in claim 1 additionally comprising a heat producing electrical component mounted on said thermal panel. 3. A space vehicle as claimed in claim 1 wherein: said space vehicle is an earth-orbiting satellite and said body has a roll axis substantially tangential to an orbit for said satellite, said roll axis extending from an east side and a west side of said body; and said drive unit and said thermal panel are located on one of said east side and said west side of said satellite so that said thermal panel is deployed from said one side and moved relative to said one side. 4. A space vehicle as claimed in claim 3 wherein, said drive unit is a first drive unit and said thermal panel is a first thermal panel, said first drive unit and said first thermal panel are located on said east side of said body, and said space vehicle additionally comprises: a second drive unit located on said west side of said body, said second drive unit being electrically coupled to said processor; and a second thermal panel attached to said second drive unit. 5. A space vehicle as claimed in claim 3 wherein: said space vehicle additionally comprises an attitude sensor coupled to said processor; said processor is configured to monitor satellite motion in response to signals provided by said attitude sensor and to estimate disturbance torques experienced by said satellite; and said processor is further configured to command movement of said thermal panel relative to said body in response to said motion to generate a counter-disturbance torque. 6. A method of providing thermal control for a space vehicle having a body to which at least one external thermal panel is attached, said method comprising the steps of: launching said space vehicle with said thermal panel in a non-deployed position in which a free end of said thermal panel resides proximate said body; deploying said thermal panel after said space vehicle is launched by moving said free end of said thermal panel away from said body; monitoring temperature of at least one point on said space vehicle; and moving said thermal panel relative to said body in response to said monitoring step to change said temperature at said at least one point on said space vehicles; wherein said thermal panel includes a communications antenna, and is configured to have a communications radiating side and a thermal radiating side opposite said communications radiating side. 7. A method as claimed in claim 6 wherein: said space vehicle is an earth-orbiting satellite and said body has a nadir side; and said method additionally comprises the step of attaching said thermal panel to said nadir side of said satellite so that said thermal panel is deployed from said nadir side and moved relative to said nadir side. 8. A method as claimed in claim 6 wherein: said communications antenna has an antenna beam that is electronically steerable; and said method additionally comprises the step of electronically steering said antenna beam to compensate for movement of said panel. 9. A method as claimed in claim 6 additionally comprising the step of mounting a heat producing electrical component on said thermal panel. 10. A method as claimed in claim 6 wherein: said space vehicle is an earth-orbiting satellite and said body has a roll axis substantially tangential to an orbit for said satellite, said roll axis extending from an east side and a west side of said body; and said method additionally comprises the step of attaching said thermal panel to one of said east side and said west side of said satellite so that said thermal panel is deployed from said one side and moved relative to said one side. 11. A method as claimed in claim 10 wherein said attaching step attaches a first thermal panel to said east side and attaches a second thermal panel to said west side. 12. A method as claimed in claim 10 wherein said body has a yaw axis directed substantially along a line between said satellite and the earth, and said moving step comprises the steps of: tilting said thermal panel about said yaw axis; and pivoting said thermal panel about said roll axis. 13. A method as claimed in claim 10 wherein: said method additionally comprises the step of monitoring satellite motion to detect disturbance torques experienced by said satellite; and said moving step additionally moves said thermal panel relative to said body in response to said motion monitoring step to generate a counter-disturbance torque. 14. A method as claimed in claim 6 wherein: said space vehicle is an earth-orbiting satellite; said method additionally comprises the step of monitoring satellite motion to detect disturbance torques experienced by said satellite; and said moving step additionally moves said thermal panel relative to said body in response to said motion monitoring step to generate a counter-disturbance torque. 15. A method as claimed in claim 14 wherein: said motion monitoring step comprises the step of detecting a nutation frequency of said satellite; and said moving step comprises the step of timing said thermal panel movement to occur in synchronism with said nutation frequency. 16. A method as claimed in claim 15 wherein: said detecting step additionally detects a nutation direction; said moving step moves said thermal panel in a panel direction; and said method additionally comprises the step of delaying said moving step until said panel direction opposes said nutation direction so as to damp said nutation. 17. An earth-orbiting satellite having actively controlled thermal radiating surfaces which assist in solar tracking, said satellite comprising: a body having a roll axis substantially tangential to an orbit for said satellite, said roll axis extending from an east side and a west side of said body, and having a yaw axis directed substantially along a line between said satellite and the earth; a first panel drive unit attached to said east side of said body, said first drive unit being configured to impart tilting and pivoting rotational motions relative to said body, said tilting motion occurring about said yaw axis and said pivoting motion occurring about said roll axis; a second panel drive unit attached to said west side of said body, said second drive unit being configured to impart said tilting and pivoting rotational motions relative to said body; a first thermal panel attached to said first drive unit so as to reside outside said body; a second thermal panel attached to said second drive unit so as to reside outside said body; a temperature sensor; an attitude sensor; and a processor electrically coupled to said temperature sensor, said attitude sensor, and to said first and second panel drive units, said processor being configured to monitor satellite motion in response to signals provided by said attitude sensor, to estimate disturbance torques experienced by said satellite, and to command said drive units to move said thermal panels in response to signals received from said temperature sensor to control satellite temperature while generating a counter-disturbance torque, said processor being further configured to detect a nutation frequency and phase of said satellite and to time said thermal panel movement to occur in synchronism with said notation frequency so as to damp nutation. 18. An earth-orbiting satellite having actively controlled thermal radiating surfaces, said satellite comprising: a body; a panel drive unit attached to said body; a thermal panel having an attached end and a free end opposing said attached end, said attached end of said thermal panel being attached to said drive unit so as to reside outside said body; a temperature sensor located on one of said body and said thermal panel; and a processor electrically coupled to said temperature sensor and to said panel drive unit, said processor being configured to command said drive unit to move said thermal panel relative to said body in response to signals received from said temperature sensor; wherein said body has a nadir side, and said drive unit and said thermal panel are located on said nadir side of said satellite so that said thermal panel is deployed from said nadir side and moved relative to said nadir side. 19. An earth-orbiting satellite having actively controlled thermal radiating surfaces, said earth orbiting satellite comprising: a body having a roll axis substantially tangential to an orbit for said satellite, said roll axis extending from an east side and a west side of said body, said body having a yaw axis directed substantially along a line between said satellite and the earth; a panel drive unit attached to said body; a thermal panel having an attached end and a free end opposing said attached end, said attached end of said thermal panel being attached to said drive unit so as to reside outside said body, said drive unit and said thermal panel being located on one of said east side and said west side of said satellite so that said thermal panel is deployed from said one side and moved relative to said one side; a temperature sensor located on one of said body and said thermal panel; and a processor electrically coupled to said temperature sensor and to said panel drive unit, said processor being configured to command said drive unit to move said thermal panel relative to said body in response to signals received from said temperature sensor; wherein said drive unit is configured to move said thermal panel by tilting said thermal panel about said yaw axis and by pivoting said thermal panel about said roll axis. 20. An earth orbiting satellite having actively controlled thermal radiating surfaces, said earth orbiting satellite comprising: a body having a roll axis substantially tangential to an orbit for said satellite, said roll axis extending from an east side and a west side of said body, said body having a yaw axis directed substantially along a line between said satellite and the earth; a panel drive unit attached to said body; a thermal panel having an attached end and a free end opposing said attached end, said attached end of said thermal panel being attached to said drive unit so as to reside outside said body, said drive unit and said thermal panel being located on one of said east side and said west side of said satellite so that said thermal panel is deployed from said one side and moved relative to said one side; a temperature sensor located on one of said body and said thermal panel; a processor electrically coupled to said temperature sensor and to said panel drive unit, said processor being configured to command said drive unit to move said thermal panel relative to said body in response to signals received from said temperature sensor; and an attitude sensor coupled to said processor; wherein said processor is configured to monitor satellite motion in response to signals provided by said attitude sensor and to estimate disturbance torques experienced by said satellite, and is further configured to command movement of said thermal panel relative to said body in response to said motion to generate a counter-disturbance torque, and said drive unit is configured to tilt said thermal panel about said yaw axis over a range of greater than 45.degree. and to pivot said thermal panel about said roll axis over a range of greater than 90.degree. to generate said counter-disturbance torque. 21. A method of providing thermal control for an earth-orbiting satellite having a body to which at least one external thermal panel is attached, said body having a roll axis substantially tangential to an orbit for said satellite, said roll axis extending from an east side and a west side of said body, said body having a yaw axis directed substantially along a line between said satellite and the earth, said method comprising the steps of: launching said satellite with said thermal panel in a non-deployed position in which a free end of said thermal panel resides proximate said body; deploying said thermal panel after said satellite is launched by moving said free end of said thermal panel away from said body; attaching said thermal panel to one of said east side and said west side of said satellite so that said thermal panel is deployed from said one side and moved relative to said one side; monitoring temperature of at least one point on said satellite; moving said thermal panel relative to said body in response to said temperature monitoring step to change said temperature at said at least one point on said satellite; monitoring satellite motion to detect disturbance torques experienced by said satellite; and in response to said motion monitoring step, tilting said thermal panel about said yaw axis over a range of greater than 45.degree. to generate a counter-disturbance torque, and pivoting said thermal panel about said roll axis over a range of greater than 90.degree. to generate said counter-disturbance torque. 22. A method of providing thermal control for an earth orbiting satellite having a body to which at least one external thermal panel is attached, said body having a roll axis substantially tangential to an orbit for said satellite, said roll axis extending from an east side and a west side of said body, said body having a yaw axis directed substantially along a line between said satellite and the earth, said method comprising the steps of: launching said satellite with said thermal panel in a non-deployed position in which a free end of said thermal panel resides proximate said body; deploying said thermal panel after said satellite is launched by moving said free end of said thermal panel away from said body; attaching said thermal panel to one of said east side and said west side of said satellite so that said thermal panel is deployed from said one side and moved relative to said one side; monitoring temperature of at least one point on said satellite; and moving said thermal panel relative to said body in response to said monitoring step to change said temperature at said at least one point on said satellite, said moving step comprising the step of tilting said thermal panel about said yaw axis away from said one side over a range of greater than 90.degree.. 