A sun-following solar panel stand that includes a frame, a hollow box, rotating and pivoting apparatus, first, second, and third light apparatus, comparing apparatus, and combination determining and comparing apparatus. The frame is horizontally rotatively mountable to a surface and the hollow box is vertically pivotally mounted to the frame. The rotating apparatus rotates the frame as the sun traverses horizontally and the pivoting apparatus pivots the hollow box as the sun traverses vertically. The first light apparatus provide a first light apparatus output responsive to the horizontal position of the sun. The second light apparatus provide a second light apparatus output responsive to the vertical position of the sun. The third light apparatus provide a third light apparatus output responsive to the general position of the sun. The comparing apparatus compares the first light apparatus output to the third light apparatus output and causes the rotating apparatus to seek a position where the first light apparatus output and the third light apparatus output are equal. And, the combination determining and comparing apparatus determines when the second light apparatus output is a maximum and compares the maximum second light apparatus output to the third light apparatus output and causes the pivoting apparatus to seek a position where the maximum second light apparatus output and the third light apparatus output are equal.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A sun-following solar panel stand, comprising: a) a frame rotatively mountable to a surface for horizontal rotation thereon; b) a hollow box pivotally mounted to said frame for vertical pivoting thereon; c) rotating means for horizontally rotating said frame relative to said surface for following the sun as it traverses horizontally; d) pivoting means for vertically pivoting said hollow box relative to said frame for following the sun as it traverses vertically; e) first light means for providing a first light means output responsive to the horizontal position of the sun; f) second light means for providing a second light means output responsive to the vertical position of the sun; g) third light means for providing a third light means output responsive to the general position of the sun; h) comparing means for comparing said first light means output to said third light means output and causing said rotating means to seek a position where said first light means output and said third light means output are equal; and i) determining and comparing means for determining when said second light means output is a maximum and comparing said maximum second light means output to said third light means output and causing said pivoting means to seek a position where said maximum second light means output and said third light means output are equal. 2. The stand as defined in claim 1, wherein said frame has a frame vertical slender rod mounting portion with a frame vertical slender rod mounting portion lower end and a frame vertical slender rod mounting portion upper end, a frame horizontal slender rod connecting portion with a frame horizontal slender rod connecting portion center-point and a pair of frame horizontal slender rod connecting portion ends, a pair of frame slender rod connecting portions each of which having a frame slender rod connecting portion lower end and a frame slender rod connecting portion upper end, and a pair of frame horizontal slender rod pivoting portions each of which having a frame horizontal slender rod pivoting portion outer end and a frame horizontal slender rod pivoting portion inner end. 3. The stand as defined in claim 2, wherein said frame horizontal slender rod connecting portion is connected at said frame horizontal slender rod connecting portion center-point to said frame vertical slender rod mounting portion upper end and extends perpendicularly outwardly therefrom. 4. The stand as defined in claim 3, wherein each of said pair of frame slender rod connecting portions is connected at said frame slender rod connecting portion lower end to each of said pair of frame horizontal slender rod connecting portion ends and extends perpendicularly upwardly therefrom and is disposed parallel to said frame vertical slender rod mounting portion. 5. The stand as defined in claim 4, wherein each of said pair of frame horizontal slender rod pivoting portions is connected at said frame horizontal slender rod pivoting portion outer end to said frame slender rod connecting portion upper end and extends perpendicularly inwardly therefrom and is disposed parallel to said frame horizontal slender rod connecting portion. 6. The stand as defined in claim 3, wherein each of said pair of frame slender rod connecting portions is connected at said frame slender rod connecting portion lower end to each of said pair of frame horizontal slender rod connecting portion ends and extends perpendicularly inwardly therefrom and is disposed perpendicular to said frame vertical slender rod mounting portion. 7. The stand as defined in claim 6, wherein each of said pair of frame horizontal slender rod pivoting portions is connected at said frame horizontal slender rod pivoting portion outer end to said frame slender rod connecting portion upper end and extends perpendicularly inwardly therefrom and is disposed parallel to said frame horizontal slender rod connecting portion. 8. The stand as defined in claim 2, wherein said frame vertical slender rod mounting portion, said frame horizontal slender rod connecting portion, said pair of frame slender rod connecting portions, and said pair of frame horizontal slender rod pivoting portions are integrally formed. 9. The stand as defined in claim 2, wherein said hollow box has a hollow box front with a hollow box front outer surface, a hollow box horizontal upper side, a hollow box horizontal lower side, a hollow box vertical right side, a hollow box vertical left side, and a hollow box back with a hollow box back inner surface. 10. The stand as defined in claim 9, wherein said second light means includes a hollow box front horizontally oriented rising slot contained in said hollow box front and disposed in the area where said hollow box horizontal upper side and said hollow box vertical right side meet. 11. The stand as defined in claim 10, wherein said second light means further includes a hollow box front horizontally oriented falling slot contained in said hollow box front and disposed in the area where said hollow box horizontal lower side and said hollow box vertical right side meet. 12. The stand as defined in claim 11, wherein said hollow box front horizontally oriented falling slot is parallel to said hollow box front horizontally oriented rising slot. 13. The stand as defined in claim 12, wherein said first light means includes a hollow box front vertically oriented slot contained in said hollow box front and disposed between said hollow box front horizontally oriented rising slot and said hollow box front horizontally oriented falling slot in the area of said hollow box vertical left side. 14. The stand as defined in claim 13, wherein said hollow box front vertically oriented slot is disposed perpendicular to said hollow box front horizontally oriented falling slot and said hollow box front horizontally oriented rising slot. 15. The stand as defined in claim 14, wherein the length of said hollow box front vertically oriented slot is less than the space between said hollow box front horizontally oriented rising slot and said hollow box front horizontally oriented falling slot. 16. The stand as defined in claim 15, wherein said third light means includes a main light sensor that produces a main light sensor output and is disposed on said hollow box front outer surface in the area where said hollow box horizontal upper side and said hollow box vertical left side meet. 17. The stand as defined in claim 16; further comprising a solar array disposed on said hollow box front outer surface. 18. The stand as defined in claim 17, wherein said hollow box vertical right side contains a centrally disposed hollow box vertical right side aperture that pivotally receives one frame horizontal slender rod pivoting portion inner end of said pair of frame horizontal slender rod pivoting portions. 19. The stand as defined in claim 18, wherein said hollow box vertical left side contains a centrally disposed hollow box vertical left side aperture that pivotally receives the other frame horizontal slender rod pivoting portion inner end of said pair of frame horizontal slender rod pivoting portions. 20. The stand as defined in claim 19, wherein said second light means still further includes a vertical rising light sensor that produces a vertical rising light sensor output and is disposed on said hollow box back inner surface behind and below said hollow box front horizontally oriented rising slot. 21. The stand as defined in claim 20, wherein said second light means yet further includes a vertical falling light sensor that produces a vertical falling light sensor output and is disposed on said hollow box back inner surface behind and above said hollow box front horizontally oriented falling slot. 22. The stand as defined in claim 21, wherein said vertical rising light sensor and said vertical falling light sensor are disposed between said hollow box front horizontally oriented rising slot and said hollow box front horizontally oriented falling slot. 23. The stand as defined in claim 22, wherein said first light means further includes a horizontal light sensor that produces a horizontal light sensor output and is disposed on said hollow box back inner surface behind said hollow box front vertically oriented slot. 24. The stand as defined in claim 23, wherein said first light means and said second light means include lenses. 25. The stand as defined in claim 24, wherein one of said lenses is disposed in said hollow box front vertically oriented slot. 26. The stand as defined in claim 25, wherein another of said lenses is disposed in said hollow box horizontally oriented falling slot. 27. The stand as defined in claim 26, wherein still another of said lenses is disposed in said hollow box horizontally oriented rising slot. 28. The stand as defined in claim 27, wherein said rotating means includes a horizontal servo motor adaptable to said surface and a horizontal gear train. 29. The stand as defined in claim 28, wherein said horizontal gear train includes a horizontal gear train motor gear disposed on said horizontal servo motor and a horizontal gear train frame gear disposed on said frame vertical slender rod mounting portion lower end. 30. The stand as defined in claim 29, wherein said horizontal gear train motor gear is smaller than said horizontal gear train frame gear. 31. The stand as defined in claim 30, wherein said rotating means further includes a horizontal limit switch that has a horizontal cam surface disposed on said horizontal gear train frame gear and a horizontal micro switch disposed on said surface. 32. The stand as defined in claim 31, wherein said pivoting means includes a vertical servo motor and a vertical gear train. 33. The stand as defined in claim 32, wherein said vertical gear train includes a vertical gear train first gear and a vertical gear train second gear. 34. The stand as defined in claim 33, wherein said vertical gear train first gear is smaller than said vertical gear train second gear. 35. The stand as defined in claim 34, wherein said pivoting means further includes a vertical limit switch that has a vertical cam surface and a vertical micro switch. 36. The stand as defined in claim 35, wherein said vertical servo motor is disposed on said frame. 37. The stand as defined in claim 36 wherein said vertical gear train first gear is disposed on said vertical servo motor and said vertical gear train second gear is disposed on said hollow box vertical right side. 38. The stand as defined in claim 37, wherein said vertical cam surface is disposed on said vertical gear train second gear and said vertical micro switch is disposed on said frame. 39. The stand as defined in claim 35, wherein said vertical servo motor is disposed on said hollow box back. 40. The stand as defined in claim 39 wherein said vertical gear train first gear is disposed on said vertical servo motor and said vertical gear train second gear is disposed on said frame. 41. The stand as defined in claim 40, wherein said vertical cam surface is disposed on said hollow box back and said vertical micro switch is disposed on said vertical gear train second gear. 42. The stand as defined in claim 35; further comprising a controller that includes a horizontal relay with horizontal relay tracking contacts and horizontal relay resetting contacts, a vertical position comparator switch arrangement with a vertical position switch and a vertical position comparator, a vertical servo motor polarity switch, a vertical servo motor amplifier, a vertical maximizing comparator, a horizontal maximizing comparator, and a horizontal servo motor amplifier. 43. The stand as defined in claim 42, wherein said vertical falling light sensor output and said vertical rising light sensor output are compared by said vertical position comparator to determine which is greater. 44. The stand as defined in claim 43, wherein said greater of said vertical falling light sensor output and said vertical rising light sensor output causes said vertical position switch to change polarity of said vertical servo motor to correspond to the desired direction of pivoting of said hollow box. 45. The stand as defined in claim 44, wherein said main light sensor output and said greater of said vertical falling light sensor output and said vertical rising light sensor output are compared by said vertical comparator so as to provide optimum vertical tracking of said sun-following solar panel device. 46. The stand as defined in claim 45, wherein said horizontal light sensor output and said main light sensor output are compared by said horizontal comparator so as to provide optimum horizontal tracking of said sun-following solar panel device. 47. The stand as defined in claim 46; further comprising a horizontal push-button momentary reset switch and a vertical push-button momentary reset switch disposed in said controller. 48. The stand as defined in claim 47; further comprising timer means for automatically resetting said frame to a horizontal home position. 49. A method of using a sun-following solar panel stand, comprising the steps of: a) initializing said sun following solar panel stand in the horizontal tracking mode and the vertical tracking mode; b) initializing a hollow box of said sun-following solar panel stand in the vertical home position and a frame of said sun-following solar panel stand in the horizontal home position; c) closing contacts of a vertical limit switch of said sun-following solar panel stand automatically and simultaneously with said second initializing step; d) opening contacts of a horizontal limit switch of said sun-following solar panel stand automatically and simultaneously with said closing step; e) passing sun rays of said sun simultaneously through a hollow box front horizontally oriented rising slot, a hollow box front horizontally oriented falling slot, and a hollow box front vertically oriented slot of said sun-following solar panel stand as said sun traverses; f) impinging said sun rays simultaneously on a horizontal light sensor, a vertical rising light sensor, a main light sensor, and a vertical falling light sensor of said sun-following solar panel stand; g) comparing automatically outputs of said vertical rising light sensor and said vertical falling light sensor by a vertical position comparator of said sun-following solar panel stand; h) determining the greater of said outputs of said vertical rising light sensor and said vertical falling light sensor automatically and simultaneously with said comparing step; i) causing a vertical position switch of said sun-following solar panel stand to cause a vertical servo motor polarity switch of said sun-following solar panel stand to change the polarity of a vertical servo motor of said sun-following solar panel stand automatically and simultaneously with said determining step; j) comparing said greater of said outputs of said vertical rising light sensor and said vertical falling light sensor with an output of said main light sensor by a vertical comparator of said sun-following solar panel stand; k) comparing an output of said horizontal light sensor with said output of said main light sensor by a horizontal comparator of said sun-following solar panel stand automatically and simultaneously with said second comparing step; l) opening said contacts of said vertical limit switch automatically and simultaneously with said third comparing step while said sun traverses; m) closing said contacts of said horizontal limit switch automatically and simultaneously with said second opening step as said sun traverses; n) repeating said steps e) through m) until said sun sets; o) putting said sun-following solar panel stand in the horizontal resetting mode automatically when said sun sets; p) closing said contacts of said vertical limit switch automatically and simultaneously with said putting step; q) energizing a horizontal relay of said sun-following solar panel stand automatically and simultaneously with said third closing step; r) putting said sun-following solar panel stand in said resetting mode automatically and simultaneously with said energizing step; s) rotating said sun-following solar panel stand in said resetting mode until said sun-following solar panel stand reaches said horizontal home position; t) opening said contacts of said horizontal limit switch when said sun-following solar panel stand reaches said horizontal home position; u) deactivating said resetting mode automatically and simultaneously with said third opening step; and v) activating said tracking mode automatically and simultaneously with said deactivating step. 