A vacuum laminating apparatus includes a laminating space formed by a base member, a tube having deaeration holes, and a flexible lid member. A vacuum laminating method places the material to be laminated within the laminating space and heats the material while creating a vacuum in the space.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A vacuum laminating method comprising the steps of: preparing a vacuum laminating device having a substrate, a tube for forming a laminating processing space on the substrate, with the tube enclosing the lamination processing space and having a deaeration hole on a side facing the lamination processing space, and a flexible lid member disposed on the tube and the lamination processing space; mounting a lamination material in the lamination processing space of the vacuum laminating device; providing a cushioning member close to the tube in the lamination processing space, wherein the cushioning member has a thickness and shape such that said lid member gradually rises with the diameter of said tube; drawing a vacuum in the lamination processing space through the deaeration hole by a vacuum pump connected to the tube; laminating the lamination material by heating the vacuum laminating device in an oven in a state when the vacuum pump is drawing a vacuum; cooling the vacuum laminating device by stopping the heating after the laminating step; putting the lamination processing space back in an atmospheric pressure by stopping to draw the vacuum after the cooling step; and taking the lamination material out of the lamination processing space. 2. A method according to claim 1, wherein the lamination material includes a solar battery module component material. 3. A method according to claim 2, wherein the solar battery module component material comprises a solar battery cell member, a filler member, a surface coating member and a back side coating member. 4. A method according to claim 3, wherein the back side coating member includes a steel plate. 5. A method according to claim 3, wherein the solar battery cell member includes an amorphous silicon. 6. A method according to claim 3, wherein the solar battery module component material is sandwiched by a filler flow preventing member when mounted on the lamination processing space. 7. A method according to claim 1, wherein a mesh is provided in the lamination processing space on the substrate of the vacuum laminating device. 8. A method according to claim 7, wherein the mesh is comprised of metal or heat durable resin. 9. A method according to claim 1, wherein a cross-sectional shape of the tube of the vacuum laminating device is circular or polygonal. 10. A method according to claim 1, wherein the tube of the vacuum laminating device is secured to the substrate by welding. 11. A method according to claim 1, wherein the tube of the vacuum laminating device is secured to the substrate by a sealant. 12. A method according to claim 1, wherein the cushioning member is inclined as it approaches the tube. 13. A vacuum laminating method comprising the steps of: preparing a vacuum laminating device having a substrate, a tube for forming a laminating processing space on the substrate, with the tube enclosing the lamination processing space and having a deaeration hole on a side facing the lamination processing space, and a flexible lid member disposed on the tube and the lamination processing space; mounting a lamination material in the lamination processing space of the vacuum laminating device; providing a cushioning member close to the tube in the lamination processing space, wherein the cushioning member includes an L-shaped member; drawing a vacuum in the lamination processing space through the deaeration hole by a vacuum pump connected to the tube; laminating the lamination material by heating the vacuum laminating device in an oven in a state when the vacuum pump is drawing a vacuum; cooling the vacuum laminating device by stopping the heating after the laminating step; putting the lamination processing space back in an atmospheric pressure by stopping to draw the vacuum after the cooling step; and taking the lamination material out of the lamination processing space. 14. A method according to claim 13, wherein the lamination material includes a solar battery module component material. 15. A method according to claim 14, wherein the solar battery module component material comprises a solar battery cell member, a filler member, a surface coating member and a back side coating member. 16. A method according to claim 15, wherein the back side coating member includes a steel plate. 17. A method according to claim 15, wherein the solar battery cell member includes an amorphous silicon. 18. A method according to claim 15, wherein the solar battery module component material is sandwiched by a filler flow preventing member when mounted on the lamination processing space. 19. A method according to claim 13, wherein a mesh is provided in the lamination processing space on the substrate of the vacuum laminating device. 20. A method according to claim 19, wherein the mesh is comprises of metal or heat durable resin. 21. A method according to claim 13, wherein an axis connecting a center of the tube and a center of the deaeration hole is at an angle .theta. of 0 to 90 degrees, where the angle .theta. is defined at an intersection of the axis and a line normal to a surface of the substrate and extending through the center of the deaeration hole. 22. A method according to claim 21, wherein the angle .theta. is 45 degrees. 23. A method according to claim 13, wherein a cross-sectional shape of the tube of the vacuum laminating device is circular or polygonal. 24. A method according to claim 13, wherein the tube of the vacuum laminating device is secured to the substrate by welding. 25. A method according to claim 13, wherein the tube of the vacuum laminating device is secured to the substrate by a sealant. 