A highly reliable molar cell module comprising a back face reinforcing metallic member, a photovoltaic element, a filler for encapsulating said photovoltaic element, and a surface protective film having a weatherability, wherein the end faces of said back face reinforcing metallic member and a partial area of the rear face of said back face reinforcing metallic member are covered by a resin. A process for the production of said solar module by way of thermocompression bonding process.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar cell module comprising a photovoltaic element, a filler for encapsulating said photovoltaic element, and a back face reinforcing metallic member, wherein said filler encapsulating said photovoltaic element is situated on a front face of said back face reinforcing metallic member, and wherein end faces of said back face reinforcing metallic member and a partial area of a rear face of said back face reinforcing metallic member are covered by a resin. 2. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the back face reinforcing metallic member is applied with plasticity processing. 3. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the back face reinforcing metallic member comprises a steel plate. 4. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the filler comprises a thermoplastic resin. 5. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the resin by which the end faces of the back face reinforcing metallic member and the partial area of the rear face of the back face reinforcing metallic member are covered is a thermoplastic resin. 6. A solar cell module according to claim 5, wherein the thermoplastic resin is the same as the filler. 7. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic element has flexibility. 8. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic element comprises an amorphous silicon material. 9. A solar cell module according to claim 1 which further comprises a surface protective film having a weatherability. 10. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the filler and the resin by which the end faces of the back face reinforcing metallic member and the partial area of the rear face of the back face reinforcing metallic member are covered are the same. 11. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the resin situated on the rear face of the back face reinforcing metallic member is continued from the resin covering the end faces of the back face reinforcing metallic member. 12. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the resin by which the end faces of the back face reinforcing metallic member and the partial area of the rear face of the back face reinforcing metallic member are covered comprises a resin selected from the group consisting of ethylene-vinyl acetate copolymer, ethylene-acrylate copolymer, polyvinyl butyral, silicone resin and acrylic resin. 13. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the filler comprises a resin selected from the group consisting of ethylene-vinyl acetate copolymer, ethylene-acrylate copolymer, polyvinyl butyral, silicone resin and acrylic resin. 14. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the back face reinforcing metallic member is applied with coating treatment. 15. A solar cell module according to claim 1 which further comprises a filler-retaining member. 16. A solar cell module according to claim 15, wherein the filler-retaining member comprises a woven member or a nonwoven member. 17. A process for producing a solar cell module, said process comprising: (a) a preparation step of stacking a filler material, a photovoltaic element and a back face reinforcing metallic member in the named order to form a stacked body on a mounting table, and arranging a resin material over said stacked body so as to cover peripheries containing end portions of said back face reinforcing metallic member, and (b) a sealing and uniting step of subjecting said stacked body to heat treatment. 18. The process according to claim 17, wherein the sealing and uniting step (b) includes a further step which is conducted prior to subjecting the stacked body to heat treatment, said further step comprising covering the stacked body formed in the preparation step (a) by a covering sheet to hermetically enclose the stacked body between said covering sheet and the mounting table and exhausting the space containing the stacked body between the covering sheet and the mounting table. 19. The process according to claim 17 which further comprises a step of subjecting the stacked body having been subjected to heat treatment in the sealing and uniting step (b) to bending treatment to bend opposite photovoltaic element-free end portions of the stacked body. 20. A process for producing a solar cell module, said process comprising the steps of: (a) forming a stacked body comprising a filler material, a photovoltaic element and a back face reinforcing metallic member on a mounting table having a protruded portion such that said stacked body is situated on said protruded portion, (b) covering said stacked body by a covering sheet so as to hermetically enclose said stacked body between said covering sheet and said mounting table, and (c) heating and uniting said stacked body while exhausting the space containing said stacked body between said covering sheet and said mounting table. 21. A process for producing a solar cell module, said process comprising the steps of: (a) forming a stacked body comprising a filler material, a photovoltaic element and a back face reinforcing metallic member on a mounting table having a protruded portion circumscribed by a groove such that said stacked body is situated on said protruded portion, (b) covering said stacked body by a covering sheet so as to hermetically enclose said stacked body between said covering sheet and said mounting table, and (c) heating and uniting said stacked body while exhausting the space containing said stacked body between said covering sheet and said mounting table. 