A modular solar energy collector having elongated V-shaped side walls formed by a pair of coplanar panels for each side wall. The upper panels, occupying most of the wall area are diffusely reflective, but the lower panels are specularly reflective. A Fresnel lens, having a snap fit relation to the side walls focuses some light on the lower specularly reflective panels which direct light to the solar cells at the base of the V-shaped walls. A heat sink provides support for the two panels with two opposed, upwardly extending wings terminating in opposed linear clips located near the lengthwise seam of the coplanar panels, each clip holding two coplanar panels in parallel alignment. The clips not only provide support for the panels, but also transfer heat to the remainder of the heat sink. The clips are shaped so that edges of the panels engage each clip by a snap fit, outside of the clip in one embodiment and inside of the clip in another embodiment. End caps are also formed with structures which snap to the wall panels. Since all junctions of components snap together, the collector of the present invention is easily assembled without specialized tools. Using side walls which are only partly specularly reflective permits a large angle of acceptance, yet provides an economical wall design because the entire wall need not be specularly reflective.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A modular solar energy conversion unit for assembly comprising: an elongated housing having opposed convergent wall members, each wall member having upper and lower reflector panels with co-extensive lengthwise extent, the lower panel being specularly reflective, the panels having edges with one edge of each panel being bent, the housing having distal ends with an end cap closing each end, a pair of linear clips engaging bent edges of each panel in opposed panels, a heat sink, with a base and upright wings supporting the linear clips, panel member, a curved Fresnel lens removably disposed between upper edges of the wall members with snap fasteners, and a plurality of solar cells disposed on the base of the heat sink in optical communication with said Fresnel lens, whereby wall members may clipped together and the Fresnel lens snapped to the wall members for an assembly of the unit. 2. The modular solar energy conversion unit of claim 1, wherein the linear clips are supported at ends of the wings of the heat sink and have a shape that includes a cleft on an inner side of the clips. 3. The modular solar energy conversion unit of claim 2, wherein the edge of the lower and upper reflective panels has a folded ridge which bends around the inner side of the clip and inserts into the cleft on the inner side of the clip. 4. The modular solar energy conversion unit of claim 2, wherein the clips have upper and lower detents on the outer side of each clip, with the edge of the upper reflective panels having a folded ridge which bends around the outer side of each clip and connects into the upper detent and the lower detent on the outer side of the heat sink. 5. The modular solar energy conversion unit of claim 2 wherein each lower reflective panel is disposed on the inner side of the wings of the heat sink and is connected to wings of the heat sink at the cleft. 6. The modular solar energy conversion unit of claim 1, wherein the upper edges of each of the upper reflective panels are connected to the Fresnel lens by a locking clip and are supported laterally by a tension wire. 7. The modular solar energy conversion unit of claim 1, wherein each of the end caps connect to the upper and lower panels by a snap-together joint. 8. The modular solar energy conversion unit of claim 1, wherein each of the end caps connect to the upper and lower panels by self tapping screws. 9. The modular solar energy conversion unit of claim 1, wherein the heat sink includes a plurality of fins formed around the outside of the heat sink. 10. The modular solar energy conversion unit of claim 1 wherein the solar cells are disposed on a web. 11. A solar energy conversion assembly consisting of a plurality of modular solar energy conversion units mounted on a mounting frame, each of the modular solar energy conversion units comprising: an elongated housing having opposed convergent wall members having pairs of coplanar upper and lower reflective panels, the lower reflective panels being specularly reflective, with co-extensive upper and lower edges for each panel running a predetermined length, the housing having distal ends with an end cap closing each end, a heat sink with a base and upright wings extending from the base terminated by linear clips having means for engaging adjacent edges of the coplanar panels, and a base between the upright wings, a curved Fresnel lens disposed between upper edges of the wall members, and a plurality of solar cells disposed on the base of the heat sink in optical communications with said Fresnel lens. 12. The solar energy conversion assembly of claim 11, wherein the upper edges of each of the upper reflective panels are fastened to the Fresnel lens by a snap-together joint formed by a tang in the edge of the Fresnel lens, the upper edge of the wall members snap-fitting into the tang. 13. The solar energy conversion assembly of claim 11, wherein wings of the heat sink are connected to support the lower reflective panels in a stand off relation relative to the base of the heat sink. 14. The solar energy conversion assembly of claim 11, wherein the ends of the wings of the heat sink define the linear clips to have a shape that includes a cleft on an inner side of the clip ends. 15. The solar energy conversion assembly of claim 14, wherein the edges of the lower and upper reflective panels have a folded ridge which bends around the inner side of the clips and inserts into the cleft on the inner side of the clips. 16. The solar energy conversion assembly of claim 14, wherein the clips have upper and lower detents on the outer side of each clip, with the edge of the upper reflective panels having a folded ridge which bends around the outer side of the clip and connects into detents on the outer side of the heat sink. 17. The solar energy conversion assembly of claim 11, wherein each of the each of the end caps connect to the upper and lower panels by a snap-together joint. 18. The solar energy conversion assembly of claim 11, wherein the heat sink includes a plurality of fins formed around the outside of the heat sink. 19. In a collector for a solar energy conversion unit of type have elongated V-shaped opposed reflective walls, with solar cells disposed at the convergence of the walls and a lens spanning the walls opposite the solar cells and focussing light thereon, the improvement comprising, a wall construction with upper and lower elongated reflective panels connected together forming a wall, the upper panels being diffusely reflective and the lower panels being specularly reflective. 20. The apparatus of claim 19 wherein upper and lower elongated reflective panels are coplanar. 21. The apparatus of claim 19 wherein a heat sink with a base and upwardly extending opposed wings is disposed below the lower elongated reflective panels, the wings terminating in clips joining the upper and lower elongated reflective panels, the clips supported by the lower elongated reflective panels in a stand off relation relative to the base, with the upper and lower elongated reflective panels of opposed walls converging toward each other. 22. The apparatus of claim 21 wherein the clips have a cleft and the upper and lower elongated reflective panels each have an edge fitting into the cleft. 23. The apparatus of claim 21 wherein the clips have detents and one of the upper and lower elongated reflective panels has a ridge engaging the detents. 