A tricycle is driven by an electric motor supplied by batteries recharged by solar panels. Electric braking is used. The batteries and a battery charger are enclosed in a thermally insulated compartment and the batteries are kept warm in cold weather by the heat produced by the battery charger and by electric braking. The solar panels are mounted on the roof of the passenger cabin and/or on the insulated compartment and are oriented towards the sun by a stepper motor.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar powered electric vehicle comprising a chassis, a single steerable front wheel and two laterally spaced rear drive wheels supporting said chassis, a handle bar for steering said front wheel, rear wheel driving means carried by said chassis including an electric motor and a speed reducer, hydraulic brake means operable on said wheels and controlled from said handle bar, a storage battery connected to said motor, a photovoltaic solar panel mounted on said vehicle and connected to said battery for recharging the latter, a battery charger connected to said battery and adapted to be connected to a public alternating current supply, a heat insulated compartment mounted at the back of said chassis and enclosing said battery charger and said battery, an electric braking circuit in which said motor is connected and including means operable by the vehicle driver to cause electric braking of said vehicle wherein said motor generates a back electromotive force which feeds said battery and/or a heating resistor. 2. A vehicle as defined in claim 1, further including mounting means for said solar panel comprising a vehicle user's enclosing cabin mounted on said chassis and including a roof, said panel mounted on said roof and orientable towards the sun. 3. A vehicle as defined in claim 2, wherein said panel is hinged to said roof about a horizontal axis and along one edge for adjustable inclination and further including link means to maintain said panel at an adjusted inclination. 4. A vehicle as defined in claim 1, further including mounting means for said solar panel comprising a rectangular frame supporting said panel, a pair of posts mounted on said compartment and to which said frame is pivoted about a vertically inclined pivotal axis and first locking means to lock said frame in a selected pivoted position about said inclined pivotal axis. 5. A vehicle as defined in claim 1, wherein said hydraulic brake means includes a master cylinder, brake disks for each wheel and a brake control lever mounted on said handle bar. 6. A vehicle as defined in claim 4, wherein said panel is pivotally supported within said frame about a horizontal pivotal axis normal to said inclined pivotal axis and second locking means to lock said panel in a selected pivotal position about said horizontal pivotal axis. 7. A vehicle as defined in claim 4, wherein said panel consists of two panel sections with a gap there between to provide unobstructed rear view for the vehicle driver. 8. A vehicle as defined in claim 4, further including a stepper motor connected to said battery for stepwise pivoting of said frame about said inclined pivotal axis. 9. A vehicle as defined in claim 8, wherein said stepper motor is reversible and is connected in a circuit including a stepper motor controller, limit switches and a reset switch, said controller and switches operative to rotate said stepper motor in a reverse and forward direction and at a fast speed and at a sun tracking speed in either of said directions. 10. A vehicle as defined in claim 2, further including posts upstanding from said roof, said panel being pivotally supported by said posts for pivotal movement about a substantially horizontal axis transverse to said panel at the mid section thereof and locking means to releasable lock said panel in a selected rotated position about said horizontal axis. 11. A vehicle as defined in claim 3, further including a wind deflector mounted on said roof upstream of said solar panel and shielding the latter against the wind during vehicle travelling. 12. A vehicle as defined in claim 10, further including a wind deflector mounted on said roof upstream of said solar panel and shielding the latter against the wind during vehicle travelling. 13. A vehicle as defined in claim 9, further including a vehicle user's enclosing cabin mounted on said chassis and including a roof, an additional solar panel mounted on said roof about a vertically inclined pivotal axis which is substantially coplanar with the inclined pivotal axis of the compartment mounted solar panel, the pivotal axis of the two panels being interconnected by a universal joint, said stepper motor pivoting both panels in synchronism. 14. A vehicle as defined in claim 13, further including a wind deflector mounted on said roof upstream from the roof mounted solar panel to shield the latter against the wind during vehicle travelling. 15. A vehicle as defined in claim 1, wherein said solar panel is of quadrangular shape and further including sun rays reflectors outwardly protruding from each of the four sides of said panel at an obtuse angle with respect to the latter to reflect the sun rays back onto said panel when the latter is substantially normal to the sunrays. 16. A vehicle as defined in claim 1, wherein each rear wheel includes two adjacent coaxial bicycle wheels. 17. A vehicle as defined in claim 1, wherein said rear wheels are mounted on a rear axle and said speed reducer is a sprocket and chain system directly connected to said motor and to said rear axle, the right rear wheel having a friction fit on said rear axle and wherein the left rear wheel is free from said rear axle upon dynamic braking or plugging of said vehicle by means of said electric braking circuit. 18. A vehicle as defined in claim 1, further including a bench seat for the vehicle user's transversely mounted on said chassis. 19. A vehicle as defined in claim 18, wherein said bench seat is spring mounted. 20. A vehicle as defined in claim 1, further including a speed controller for said motor, operable from said handle bar and including means to vary the rotational speed and the rotation direction of said motor. 21. A vehicle as defined in claim 1 wherein said solar panel is connected to said battery through a charge controller. 22. A vehicle as defined in claim 21, further including a voltmeter connected across said battery and mounted on said handle bar to indicate the charged condition of said battery. 23. A vehicle as defined in claim 1, wherein said electric braking circuit is arranged to cause regenerative braking of said vehicle. 24. A vehicle as defined in claim 1, wherein said circuit is arranged to cause dynamic braking of said vehicle. 25. A vehicle as defined in claim 1, wherein said circuit is arranged to cause vehicle braking by plugging, said circuit including switch means to connect the current generated by the armature winding of said motor directly through a resistor. 26. A vehicle as defined in claim 1, further including a vehicle user's enclosing cabin and a cabin heating means in said cabin connected to said battery. 27. A vehicle as defined in claim 26, wherein said cabin heating means is a resistor. 28. A vehicle as defined in claim 26, wherein said cabin heating means is a heat pump. 29. A vehicle as defined in claim 26, wherein said cabin heating means is a semiconducting thermo-electric element. 30. A vehicle as defined in claim 1, further including a vibration dampening means on which said battery is supported. 