A broadcast receiving system for use with an FM radio transmitter in a vehicle includes an adapter unit and an antenna unit. The adapter unit includes a connector to a vehicle's existing power system, e.g., cigarette lighter receptacle. The adapter unit receives audio program signals from the antenna unit, and retransmits them to a vacant FM channel or to an intermediate frequency channel of the vehicle's FM radio receiver. The antenna unit receives radio broadcast signals having frequencies in the range of about 300 MHZ to about 4000 MHz from satellites and terrestrial repeaters.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A radio receiver augmentation system for use in a vehicle with a standard FM radio receiver includes an adapter unit comprising a connector for connection to said vehicle's power system, and an antenna unit for mounting on said vehicle, said antenna unit comprising an antenna that can receive audio program signals having frequencies in the range of about 300 MHZ to about 4000 MHZ from a satellite system including at least one repeater at or near the earth's surface, and can re-radiate said signals, without demodulation, to said adapter unit, said antenna unit comprising a radio frequency translator and a radio frequency transmitter for transmitting translated, undemodulated signals to said adapter unit, said adapter unit including a display for audio program signals, an antenna for receiving audio program signals from said antenna unit, and a system for delivering a desired audio program signal to said FM radio receiver. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the top of said antenna unit is a flat disc. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein said antenna unit includes a mounting plate, an arm that houses a re-radiator antenna, an electronics cone connected to said arm, and, connected to said electronics cone, solar cells and a satellite system receiving antenna. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein said connector on the adapter unit for connection to said vehicle power system is a plug for insertion into a cigarette lighter receptacle or into another power port. 5. A radio receiver augmentation system for use in a vehicle with a standard FM radio receiver includes an adapter unit comprising a connector for connection to said vehicle's power system, and an antenna unit for mounting on said vehicle, said antenna unit comprising an antenna that can receive audio program signals having frequencies in the range of about 300 about 4000 MHZ from a satellite system including at least one repeater at or near the earth's surface, and can re-radiate said signals, without demodulation, to said adapter unit, and connected to said antenna, a radio frequency translator and a radio frequency transmitter, that transmits translated, undemodulated radio broadcast signals to said adapter unit, said adapter unit including a display for audio program signals, an antenna for receiving audio program signals from said antenna unit, and a system for delivering a desired audio program signal to said FM radio receiver. 6. The system of claim 5 wherein the top of said antenna unit has the size and shape of a flat disc for receiving said audio program signals from said at least one satellite, said at least one repeater, or both. 7. The system of claim 5 wherein said antenna unit includes a mounting plate, an arm that houses a re-radiator antenna, an electronics cone connected to said arm and, connected to said electronics cone, solar cells and a satellite system receiving antenna. 8. The system of claim 5 wherein said connector on the adapter unit for connection to said vehicle power system is a plug for insertion into a cigarette lighter receptacle or auxiliary power port. 9. The system of claim 1 or claim 5 wherein the FM transmitter in the adapter is automatically tuned to a vacant portion of the FM radio spectrum and re-tuned if the vacant portion no longer is vacant by inclusion of an FM receiver and appropriate selectors in the adapter to find and monitor a vacant portion of the FM spectrum and tune the FM transmitter automatically to that portion of the frequency band. 10. A radio receiver augmentation system for use in a vehicle with a standard FM radio receiver includes an adapter unit comprising a connector for connection to said vehicle's power system, and an antenna unit for mounting on said vehicle, said antenna unit comprising an antenna that can receive audio program signals having frequencies in the range of about 300 MHZ to about 4000 MHZ from a satellite system including at least one repeater at or near the earth's surface, and can re-radiate said signals to said adapter unit, said antenna unit comprising a radio frequency translator and a radio frequency transmitter for transmitting translated signals to said adapter unit, said adapter unit including a display for audio program signals, an antenna for receiving audio program signals from said antenna unit, and a system for delivering a desired audio program signal to said FM radio receiver, wherein said FM transmitter in said adapter is automatically tuned to a vacant portion of the FM radio spectrum and re-tuned if the vacant portion no longer is vacant by inclusion of an FM receiver and appropriate selectors in the adapter to find and monitor a vacant portion of the FM spectrum and tune the FM transmitter automatically to that portion of the frequency band. 11. A radio receiver augmentation system for use in a vehicle with a standard FM radio receiver includes an adapter unit comprising an FM transmitter, a connector for connection to said vehicle's power system, and an antenna unit for mounting on said vehicle, said antenna unit comprising an antenna that can receive audio program signals having frequencies in the range of about 300 to about 4000 MHZ from a satellite system including at least one repeater at or near the earth's surface, and can re-radiate said signals to said adapter unit, and connected to said antenna, a radio frequency translator and a radio frequency transmitter, that transmits translated radio broadcast signals to said adapter unit, said adapter unit including a display for audio program signals, an antenna for receiving audio program signals from said antenna unit, and a system for delivering a desired audio program signal to said FM radio receiver, wherein said FM transmitter in said adapter is automatically tuned to a vacant portion of the FM radio spectrum and retuned if the vacant portion no longer is vacant by inclusion of an FM receiver and appropriate selectors in the adapter to find and monitor a vacant portion of the FM spectrum and tune the FM transmitter automatically to that portion of the frequency band. 12. A radio receiver augmentation system for use in a vehicle with a standard FM radio receiver includes an adapter unit comprising a connector for connection to said vehicle's power system, and an antenna unit for mounting on said vehicle, said antenna unit comprising an antenna that can receive audio program signals having frequencies in the range of about 300 MHZ to about 4000 MHZ from a satellite system including at least one repeater at or near the earth's surface, and can re-radiate said signals, without demodulation, to said adapter unit, said antenna unit comprising a radio frequency translator and a radio frequency transmitter for transmitting translated, undemodulated signals to said adapter unit, said adapter unit including a display for audio program signals, an antenna for receiving audio program signals from said antenna unit, and a system for delivering a desired audio program signal to said FM radio receiver, said antenna unit including a re-radiator antenna and a satellite system receiving antenna. 13. The system of claim 12 wherein said antenna unit also includes a mounting plate and an arm that houses said re-radiator antenna. 14. The system of claim 13 wherein said antenna unit further comprises an electronics cone connected to said arm, and solar cells connected to said electronics cone. 15. A radio receiver augmentation system for use in a vehicle with a standard FM radio receiver includes an adapter unit comprising a connector for connection to said vehicle's power system, and an antenna unit for mounting on said vehicle, said antenna unit comprising an antenna that can receive audio program signals having frequencies in the range of about 300 MHZ to about 4000 MHZ from a satellite system including at least one repeater at or near the earth's surface, and can re-radiate said signals, without demodulation, to said adapter unit, said antenna unit comprising a radio frequency translator and a radio frequency transmitter for transmitting translated, undemodulated signals to said adapter unit, said adapter unit including a display for audio program signals, an antenna for receiving audio program signals from said antenna unit, and a system for delivering a desired audio program signal to said FM radio receiver, said antenna unit including a re-radiator antenna, and a satellite system receiving antenna. 16. The system of claim 15 wherein said antenna unit also includes a mounting plate and an arm that houses said re-radiator antenna. 17. The system of claim 16 wherein said antenna unit further comprises an electronics cone connected to said arm, and solar cells connected to said electronics cone. 