A power management system for the control and operation of distributed power has a controller operatively connected to a plurality of monitors, switches, control devices, and a visible light emitting array. The monitors, switches, and control devices provide the means for the controller to modulate the power to the visible light emitting array using a current modulator. The current modulator produces a variable power duty cycle that is received by the visible light emitting array. The visible light emitters of that array have a selected perceivable brightness. That brightness is held constant but power is conserved due to the controller modulating the power.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A power management system containing a solar power array producing a voltage and transmitting an electric current for a visible light emitting array, comprising: a voltage monitor operatively connected to said solar power array; said voltage monitor transmitting operational signals derived from said solar power array; a controller operatively connected to said voltage monitor, said controller dynamically processing said operational signals, and said controller transmitting dynamic operational commands; and, a current modulator operatively connected to said visible light array and said controller; said current modulator receiving said dynamic operational commands from said controller; said current modulator generating a variable power pulse width modulated duty cycle responsive to said dynamic operational commands; whereby the visible light emitting array receives said modulated current while emitting constant brightness from the visible light emitting array. 2. A power management system as recited in claim 1 wherein said current modulator cooperating with said solar power array whereby the current through said current modulator varies inversely with the voltage monitored over a selected time period. 3. A method for power management, comprising the steps of: Step 1 providing a photovoltaic solar cell array operatively connected to a rechargeable battery, said battery operatively connected to a semiconductor array of visible light emitting devices consuming selectable power; Step 2 detecting said power consumed by said visible light emitting devices; Step 3 computing said power consumed by said visible light emitting devices; Step 4 evaluating said computed power and said selectable power; Step 5 monitoring ambient light; Step 6 determining relative brightness of said ambient light; Step 7 evaluating said relative brightness; Step 8 computing a duty cycle from said evaluation steps; Step 9 modulating a control signal comprising said duty cycle; and Step 10 applying said modulated signal to a visible control module thereby varying the power consumed by said light array in response to said relative brightness of said ambient light and said detected power. 4. A method for power management as recited in claim 3 wherein said modulating step comprises a varying duty cycle. 5. A power management system for a visible light emitting array operatively connected to a power source comprising: a visible light control operatively connected to the visible light emitting array; a controller having operatively disposed within a microprocessor, a memory receiving a predetermined program, a plurality of analog to digital converters and a plurality of bi-directional buffers; a power consumption sensor operatively connected to said analog to digital converters for providing power consummation data to said controller; a battery voltage sensor operatively connected to said analog to digital converters thereby said converters providing sensor data to said controller; an over power shut down control receiving operational data from said controller; a relay operatively connected to said power shut down control thereby said power shut down control receives operational data from said controller; an operational signal, computed by said controller, responsive to said power consumption and said battery voltage sensor; and said visible light control receives said operational signal and applies said signal to said visible light emitting array. 