A wireless remote-control transmitter includes circuitry for entering an identification code so that only an authorized operator can use the device. Use as a keyless entry system provides the owner of a vehicle equipped with a wireless receiver with an additional keypad-operated transmitter which may be vehicle mounted to perform some or all of the same functions as those available through an existing remote. In this embodiment, the keypad may be mounted behind a small section of the vehicle's window glass, with command inputs being sensed using electrical, magnetic, or optical detection techniques. To save on battery power, the system automatically powers down during periods of non-use, use, with some form of wake-up signal being used to enter operational modes requiring increased power consumption.
Claims We claim: 1. A keyless command entry system for use with a vehicle equipped with a wireless receiver for receiving an encoded command from an existing portable signal transmitter, the system comprising: a vehicle-mountable keypad accessible from outside of the vehicle when the vehicle is in a closed and locked condition; a memory for storing a user authorization code; and a wireless transmitter in electrical communication with the keypad and memory for transmitting the same encoded command as that transmitted by the portable signal transmitter to the receiver following entry of the user authorization code through the keypad. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the wireless transmitter is an RF transmitter. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the wireless transmitter is an infrared transmitter. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the keypad is mounted externally of the vehicle, and the wireless transmitter is mounted internally of the vehicle with an electrical connection therebetween. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the vehicle includes a glass panel, and the keypad is mounted internally of the vehicle behind the glass panel. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the internally mounted keypad operates by detecting light. 7. The system of claim 5, wherein the internally mounted keypad operates by detecting an electric field. 8. The system of claim 5, wherein the internally mounted keypad operates by detecting a magnetic field. 9. The system of claim 1, further including power conservation circuitry operative to automatically place the system in a power-down mode during periods of non-use, and wake-up means causing the system to leave the power-down mode. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the wake-up means is a vibration sensor. 11. The system of claim 9, wherein the wake-up means includes a personal identification code entered through the keypad. 12. The system of claim 1, further including a second receiver for learning the encoded command as a function of an operator input. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein the encoded command is a door-unlock command. 14. A method of providing a keyless command entry signal to a vehicle equipped with a receiver to receive the signal, comprising the steps of: providing a keypad-activated transmitter connected to a memory; storing, in the memory, information relating to a keyless command recognizable by the receiver and a user authorization code; mounting the keypad on the vehicle in such a way that the keypad is actuable from outside of the vehicle; and entering the authorization code through the keypad, causing the transmitter to transmit a wireless signal encoding the keyless command to the receiver. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the vehicle is further equipped with a portable transmitter to which the receiver is responsive, and wherein the step of storing in the memory information relating to a keyless command recognizable by the receiver further includes the steps of: transmitting a signal indicative of the keyless command from the remote transmitter to the keypad-activated transmitter; and storing the information as a function of the signal transmitted by the remote transmitter. 16. The method of claim 14, wherein the vehicle includes a glass window, and step of mounting the keypad on the vehicle in such a way that the keypad is actuable from outside of the vehicle includes the steps of: mounting the keypad behind an isolated area of the vehicle's window; and wherein the step of entering the keyless command through the keypad, causing the transmitter to transmit a wireless signal encoding the keyless command to the receiver, includes the step of sensing an operator's finger through the glass. 17. The method of claim 14, wherein the step of entering the keyless command through the keypad, causing the transmitter to transmit a wireless signal encoding the keyless command to the receiver, is preceded by the step of: performing an operation causing the keypad to accept the keyless command. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the operation is tapping on the vehicle. 19. A keyless entry transmitter for a vehicle including a remote-control code determination capability, comprising: an enclosure including a keypad having at least one key associated with locking or unlocking the vehicle; a transmitter for transmitting a wireless signal indicative of the lock/unlock command; a wireless remote receiver configured to receive and interpret a wireless remote-control signal from an existing keyless entry system for the vehicle; and an electronic controller operative to analyze the remote-control signal output by the existing keyless entry system, and store that command for regeneration upon entry of the lock/unlock control signal initiated through the keyboard. 20. A keyless command entry system, comprising: a vehicle equipped with a wireless signal receiver and an associated portable signal transmitter enabling a user to transmit an encoded command from a remote location to perform a predetermined function at the vehicle; and a self-contained, vehicle-mountable device, including: a keypad accessible from outside of the vehicle, a memory for storing a user authorization code, and a wireless transmitter, in electrical communication with the keypad and memory, for transmitting the same encoded command as the portable signal transmitter, to perform the predetermined function, upon entry of the user authorization code through the keypad. 21. The system of claim 20, wherein the portable signal transmitter and wireless transmitter are RF transmitters. 22. The system of claim 20, wherein: the vehicle includes a plurality of doors; and the predetermined function is to unlock one or more of the doors. 23. The system of claim 20, wherein the keypad is mounted externally of the vehicle and the wireless transmitter is mounted internally of the vehicle with an electrical connection therebetween. 24. The system of claim 20, wherein: the vehicle includes a glass panel; and the keypad is mounted internally of the vehicle behind the glass panel. 25. The system of claim 20, wherein the self-contained, vehicle-mounted device further includes a receiver for learning the encoded command as a function of an operator input. 26. The system of claim 20, wherein the self-contained, vehicle-mounted device further includes a solar cell. 