A solar cell assembly with current limiting protection comprises a rectangular planar solar cell having four corner locations including first and second opposed surfaces and a beveled edge at one of the corner locations. Parallel spaced longitudinally extending conductors are provided on a first opposed surface and a metallic coating overlies an entire second opposed surface. Interconnect members mount a protective bypass diode, electrically intermediate and in series with the first and second conductor members, on the solar cell in a mutually coplanar relationship proximate to but spaced from the beveled edge, accommodating relative in-plane motion between the bypass diode and the solar cell. The interconnect members include an upper interconnect member extending between and fixed, respectively, to a first metallic pad member on the first opposed surface adjacent the beveled edge and electrically connected to the bus member and to a first surface of the bypass diode and a lower interconnect member extending between and fixed, respectively, to a second metallic pad member mounted adjacent the beveled edge and electrically connected to the metallic coating and to a second surface of the bypass diode. A protective glass sheet overlies and is bonded to the first opposed surface of the solar cell and the bypass diode in a generally coextensive relationship. A supplemental reinforcement sheet member may overlie a portion of the second opposed surface of the solar cell and the bypass diode and be bonded thereto in a generally coextensive relationship.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar cell assembly with current limiting protection comprising: a planar solar cell of rectangular shape having four corner locations including first and second opposed surfaces and a beveled edge at one of the corner locations; first conductor means on the first opposed surface; second conductor means on the second opposed surface; a bypass diode for protection of the solar cell; interconnect means mounting the bypass diode on the solar cell in a mutually coplanar relationship proximate to but spaced from the beveled edge, the interconnect means accommodating relative in-plane motion between the bypass diode and the solar cell, the bypass diode being electrically intermediate and in series with the first and second conductor means at the corner location containing the beveled edge of the rectangular-shaped solar cell, a phantom triangular-shaped element is defined which completes its ordinary outline; and the bypass diode is triangular and sized to fill the void defined by the phantom triangular-shaped element. 2. A solar cell assembly as set forth in claim 1 wherein the first conductor means includes: a plurality of parallel spaced longitudinally extending conductors; a bus member in electrical continuity with each of the conductors; a first metallic pad member on a first opposed surface adjacent the beveled edge and electrically connected to the bus member; wherein the second conductor means includes: a metallic coating overlying the entire second opposed surface; a second metallic pad member mounted on the second opposed surface adjacent the beveled edge and electrically connected to the metallic coating; wherein the bypass diode has a first surface generally coplanar with the first opposed surface of the solar cell and a second surface generally coplanar with the second opposed surface of the solar cell; and wherein the interconnect means includes an upper interconnect member extending between and fixed, respectively, to the first metallic pad member and to the first surface of the bypass diode; and a lower interconnect member extending between and fixed, respectively, to the second metallic pad member and to the second surface of the bypass diode. 3. A solar cell assembly as set forth in claim 2 wherein the upper interconnect member includes: first and second spaced apart mounting flanges, the first flange mounted to the first metallic pad member, the second flange mounted to the first surface of the bypass diode; and a stress relief member extending between, coplanar with, and fixed at its opposite ends, respectively, to the first and second mounting flanges of the upper interconnect member; and wherein the lower interconnect member includes: first and second spaced apart mounting flanges, the first flange mounted to the second metallic pad member, the second flange mounted to the second surface of the bypass diode; and a stress relief member extending between, coplanar with, and fixed at its opposite ends, respectively, to the first and second mounting flanges of the lower interconnect member. 4. A solar cell assembly as set forth in claim 3 wherein each stress relief member includes a resilient endless oval member having opposed major legs and integral opposed minor legs, the mounting flanges being aligned and joined, respectively, to the opposed major legs, the stress relief member thereby accommodating relative in-plane motion between the first and second mounting flanges in the directions of their alignment. 5. A solar cell assembly as set forth in claim 3 wherein each stress relief member includes a resilient S-shaped member having opposed legs and an integral bight member, the mounting flanges being aligned and joined, respectively, to the opposed legs, the stress relief member thereby accommodating relative in-plane motion between the first and second mounting flanges in the directions of their alignment. 6. A solar cell assembly as set forth in claim 1 including: a protective glass sheet overlying the first opposed surface of the solar cell and the bypass diode and coextensive therewith; and a layer of adhesive intermediate the glass sheet and the solar cell and the diode for bonding the glass sheet, respectively, to the solar cell and to the diode. 7. A solar cell assembly as set forth in claim 6 including: a supplemental reinforcement sheet member overlying a portion of the second opposed surface of the solar cell and the bypass diode and coextensive with the diode and with the portion of the second opposed surface of the solar cell; and a layer of adhesive intermediate the supplemental reinforcement sheet member and the portion of the second opposed surface of the solar cell and the diode for bonding the supplemental reinforcement sheet member, respectively, to the solar cell and to the diode. 8. A solar cell assembly as set forth in claim 1 wherein the glass sheet is of chemically or thermally tempered glass. 9. A solar cell assembly as set forth in claim 1 wherein the glass sheet is of chemically or thermally tempered glass having a thickness in the range of about 75 .mu.m to about 550 .mu.m. 10. A solar cell assembly with current limiting protection comprising: a planar solar cell generally of rectangular shape having four corner locations including first and second opposed surfaces and a beveled edge at one of the corner locations; first conductor means on the first opposed surface; second conductor means on the second opposed surface; a bypass diode for protection of the solar cell; interconnect means mounting the bypass diode on the solar cell in a mutually coplanar relationship proximate to but spaced from the beveled edge, the interconnect means accommodating relative in-plane motion between the bypass diode and the solar cell, the bypass diode being electrically intermediate and in series with the first and second conductor means; at the corner location containing the beveled edge of the rectangular-shaped solar cell, a phantom triangular-shaped element is defined which completes its ordinary outline; and the bypass diode is triangular and sized to fill the void defined by the phantom triangular-shaped element; a protective glass sheet overlying the first opposed surface of the solar cell and the bypass diode and coextensive therewith; and a layer of adhesive intermediate the glass sheet and the solar cell and the diode for bonding the glass sheet, respectively, to the solar cell and to the diode. 11. A solar cell assembly as set forth in claim 10 wherein the first conductor means includes: a plurality of parallel spaced longitudinally extending conductors; a bus member in electrical continuity with each of the conductors; a first metallic pad member on the first opposed surface adjacent the beveled edge and electrically connected to the bus member; wherein the second conductor means includes: a metallic coating overlying the entire second opposed surface; a second metallic pad member mounted on the second opposed surface adjacent the beveled edge and electrically connected to the metallic coating; wherein the bypass diode has a first surface coplanar with the first opposed surface of the solar cell and a second surface generally coplanar with the second opposed surface of the solar cell; and wherein the interconnect means includes an upper interconnect member extending between and fixed, respectively, to the first metallic pad member and to the first surface of the bypass diode; and a lower interconnect member extending between and fixed, respectively, to the second metallic pad member and to the second surface of the bypass diode. 12. A solar cell assembly as set forth in claim 11 wherein the upper interconnect member includes: first and second spaced apart mounting flanges, the first flange mounted to the first metallic pad member, the second flange mounted to the first surface of the bypass diode; and a stress relief member extending between, coplanar with, and fixed at its opposite ends, respectively, to the first and second mounting flanges of the upper interconnect member; and wherein the lower interconnect member includes: first and second spaced apart mounting flanges, the first flange mounted to the second metallic pad member, the second flange mounted to the second surface of the bypass diode; and a stress relief member extending between, coplanar with, and fixed at its opposite ends, respectively, to the first and second mounting flanges of the lower interconnect member. 13. A solar cell assembly as set forth in claim 12 wherein each stress relief member includes a resilient endless oval member having opposed major legs and integral opposed minor legs, the mounting flanges being aligned and joined, respectively, to the opposed major legs, the stress relief member thereby accommodating relative in-plane motion between the first and second mounting flanges in the directions of their alignment. 14. A solar cell assembly as set forth in claim 12 wherein each stress relief member includes a resilient S-shaped member having opposed legs and an integral bight member, the mounting flanges being aligned and joined, respectively, to the opposed legs, the stress relief member thereby accommodating relative in-plane motion between the first and second mounting flanges in the directions of their alignment. 15. A solar cell assembly as set forth in claim 10 including: a supplemental reinforcement sheet member overlying a portion of the second opposed surface of the solar cell and the bypass diode and generally coextensive with the diode and with the portion of the second opposed surface of the solar cell; and a layer of adhesive intermediate the supplemental reinforcement sheet member and the portion of the second opposed surface of the solar cell and the diode for bonding the supplemental reinforcement sheet member, respectively, to the solar cell and to the diode. 16. A solar cell assembly as set forth in claim 10 wherein the glass sheet is of chemically or thermally tempered glass. 17. A solar cell assembly as set forth in claim 10 wherein the glass sheet is of chemically or thermally tempered glass having a thickness in the range of about 75 .mu.m to about 550 .mu.m. 