A load controller and method are provided for maximizing effective capacity of a non-controllable, renewable power supply coupled to a variable electrical load also coupled to a conventional power grid. Effective capacity is enhanced by monitoring power output of the renewable supply and loading, and comparing the loading against the power output and a load adjustment threshold determined from an expected peak loading. A value for a load adjustment parameter is calculated by subtracting the renewable supply output and the load adjustment parameter from the current load. This value is then employed to control the variable load in an amount proportional to the value of the load control parameter when the parameter is within a predefined range. By so controlling the load, the effective capacity of the non-controllable, renewable power supply is increased without any attempt at operational feedback control of the renewable supply. The renewable supply may comprise, for example, a photovoltaic power supply or a wind-based power supply.
Claims I claim: 1. A method for increasing effective capacity of a photovoltaic power supply coupled to a power grid and a variable load, said variable load being powered by said power grid and said photovoltaic power supply, said method comprising: (a) determining photovoltaic power supply output and current loading of said variable load; (b) determining an expected peak loading of said variable load and ascertaining therefrom a load adjustment threshold; (c) determining a value for a load adjustment parameter from said photovoltaic power supply output, said current loading and said load adjustment threshold, said load adjustment parameter being defined as said current loading less said photovoltaic power supply output less said load adjustment threshold; and (d) controlling said variable load employing said value of said load adjustment parameter to increase the effective capacity of said photovoltaic power supply without operational feedback control of said photovoltaic power supply. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein said controlling (d) comprises acting on said variable load in a manner proportional to said value of said load adjustment parameter when said value is within a predefined range. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein said controlling (d) comprises adjusting current loading of said variable load if said value of said load adjustment parameter exceeds zero, said adjusting being proportional to said value. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein said controlling (d) comprises adjusting an operating threshold of at least one load component of said variable load. 5. The method of claim 4, further comprising predefining a maximum possible action (MPA) and wherein said adjusting of said operational threshold comprises adjusting said operational threshold proportional to said value up to said MPA. 6. The method of claim 3, wherein said controlling (d) comprises delaying operation of at least one load component of said variable load, said operational delay being proportional to said value of said load adjustment parameter. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein said load adjustment threshold is defined as: wherein: EPL=expected peak loading of said variable load; and PPV=rated size of said photovoltaic power supply divided by EPL or a fraction or multiple thereof. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein said determining (a) comprises directly monitoring in real time at least one of said photovoltaic power supply output and said current loading of said variable load. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein said determining (a) comprises indirectly monitoring at least one of said photovoltaic power supply output and said current loading of said variable load, said indirect monitoring of said photovoltaic power supply output comprising employing at least one of solar radiation information or satellite weather imaging, and said indirect monitoring of said current loading comprising employing at least one of ambient temperature, time-of-day information, or day-of-year information. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein said load adjustment threshold of said determining (b) comprises a fraction of said expected peak loading. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein said determining (b) comprises pre-determining said expected peak loading of said variable load for a defined interval of time. 12. The method of claim 1, further comprising automatically periodically performing said (a)-(d). 13. The method of claim 1, wherein said controlling (d) comprises taking negative action when said value of said load adjustment parameter is negative and below a predefined negative action threshold B, said negative action resulting in an increase of said current loading. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein said controlling (d) comprises taking positive action to adjust said current loading of said variable load whenever said value of said load adjustment parameter exceeds zero, said positive action being proportional to said value and comprising one of a deterministic action or a probabilistic action. 15. A load controller for controlling a variable load coupled to a power grid and a photovoltaic power supply, said load controller comprising: (i) means for determining photovoltaic power supply output and current loading of the variable load; (ii) means for determining an expected peak loading of said variable load and for ascertaining therefrom a load adjustment threshold; (iii) means for determining a value for a load adjustment parameter based on said photovoltaic power supply output, said current loading, and said load adjustment threshold, said load adjustment parameter being defined as said current loading less said photovoltaic power supply output less said load adjustment threshold; and (iv) means for controlling said variable load employing said value of said load adjustment parameter to increase the effective capacity of said photovoltaic power supply. 16. The load controller of claim 15, wherein said (i)-(iv) means each comprise automatic means, and wherein said load controller further comprises means for periodically performing said automatic means (i)-(iv). 17. The load controller of claim 15, wherein said load adjustment threshold is defined as: wherein: EPL=expected peak loading of said variable load; and PPV=rated size of said photovoltaic power supply divided by EPL or a fraction or multiple thereof. 18. The load controller of claim 15, wherein said means for controlling comprises means for adjusting said current loading of said variable load if said value of said load adjustment parameter exceeds zero, said adjusting being proportional to said value. 19. The load controller of claim 15, wherein said means for controlling comprises means for adjusting said current loading of said variable load in a manner proportional to said value of said load adjustment parameter when said value is within a predefined range. 20. The load controller of claim 19, wherein said means for controlling comprises means for adjusting an operating threshold of at least one load component of said variable load. 21. The load controller of claim 15, wherein said means for controlling comprises means for taking one of positive action or negative action depending upon whether said load adjustment parameter is positive or negative, respectively. 22. The load controller of claim 15, wherein said means for controlling comprises means for delaying operation of at least one load component of said variable load, said operational delay being proportional to said value of said load adjustment parameter. 23. The load controller of claim 15, wherein said means (i) comprises means for directly monitoring in real time at least one of said photovoltaic power supply output and said current loading of said variable load. 24. The load controller of claim 15, wherein said means (i) comprises means for indirectly monitoring at least one of said photovoltaic power supply output and said current loading of said variable load, said means for indirect monitoring of said photovoltaic power supply output comprising means for employing at least one of solar radiation information or satellite weather imaging, and said means for indirect monitoring of said current loading comprising means for employing at least one of ambient temperature, time-of-day information, or day-of-year information. 25. A method for increasing effective capacity of a non-controllable, renewable power supply coupled to a power grid and a variable load, said variable load being powered by the power grid and the non-controllable, renewable power supply, said method comprising: (a) determining power output of said non-controllable supply and current loading of said variable load; (b) determining an expected peak loading of said variable load and ascertaining therefrom a load adjustment threshold; (c) determining a value for a load adjustment parameter from said power output of said non-controllable supply, said current loading and said load adjustment threshold, said load adjustment parameter being defined as said current loading less said power output less said load adjustment threshold; and (d) controlling said variable load employing said value of said load adjustment parameter to increase the effective capacity of said non-controllable, renewable power supply without operational feedback control of said renewable power supply. 26. The method of claim 25, wherein said non-controllable, renewable power supply comprises one of a photovoltaic power supply or a wind-based power supply. 27. A load controller for controlling a variable load coupled to a power grid and a non-controllable, renewable power supply, said load controller comprising: (i) means for determining power output of said non-controllable supply and current loading of said variable load; (ii) means for determining an expected peak loading of said variable load and for ascertaining therefrom a load adjustment threshold; (iii) means for determining a value for a load adjustment parameter from said power output of said non-controllable supply, said current loading and said load adjustment threshold, said load adjustment parameter being defined as said current loading less said power output less said load adjustment threshold; and (iv) means for controlling said variable load employing said value of said load adjustment parameter to increase the effective capacity of said non-controllable, renewable power supply. 28. The load controller of claim 27, wherein said non-controllable, renewable power supply comprises one of a photovoltaic power supply or a wind-based power supply. 