A structure for providing direct feedback of power emitted by a surface emitting light emitting device and the subsequent optical power control of the device is disclosed. In a preferred embodiment, an array of vertical cavity surface emitting lasers emit light having a wavelength which is partially detected by an array of photodetectors. The semi-transparent photodetectors array has an absorption coefficient which is relatively small at the wavelength of light emitted by the lasers. Most of the emitted light will be transmitted through the detectors while a small insignificant fraction in magnitude is absorbed and converted to photocurrent for monitoring the output power of the devices. The structure of the device of the present disclosure is simple, readily fabricated through uncomplicated techniques and of materials which do not effect the beam characteristics of the surface emitting devices.
Claims We claim: 1. Apparatus for monitoring emissions from vertical cavity surface emitting lasers, VCSELs, comprising: an amorphous silicon layer on a glass substrate, the amorphous silicon layer having selectively doped areas that provide PN junctions of photovoltaic devices, the amorphous silicon having a sufficiently small optical absorption coefficient, within an optical wavelength range, that limits absorption by the amorphous silicon layer of a corresponding small fractional amount of light being emitted by the VCSELs, the amorphous silicon layer and the glass substrate being sufficiently thin to be transmissive of such light therethrough, excluding said small fractional amount of such light being absorbed, and a separate substrate having selected areas being provided with the VCSELs, the photovoltaic devices being on top of the VCSELs, the VCSELs being further constructed and arranged to emit such light having a wavelength range that corresponds to the wavelength range at which the amorphous silicon has said sufficiently small absorption coefficient, whereby, a substantial portion of such light is transmitted through the photovoltaic devices, and a small fraction of such light is absorbed by the doped areas of the amorphous silicon layer to produce photovoltaic currents from said photovoltaic devices as a measurement of output power of said VCSELs. 2. Apparatus as recited in claim 1 wherein, the glass substrate is over the separate substrate to position the photovoltaic devices along the axes of light emission for the VCSELs. 3. Apparatus as recited in claim 1 wherein, the VCSELs have area geometries that match the area geometries of the selectively doped areas of the amorphous silicon layer, such that the photovoltaic devices cover the VCSELs. 4. Apparatus as recited in claim 1 wherein, the separate substrate is a silicon wafer on which the VCSELs are formed. 5. Apparatus as recited in claim 1 wherein, the VCSELs emit light in the wavelength range 780-900 nm that corresponds to the wavelength range at which the amorphous silicon layer has said sufficiently small optical absorption coefficient. 6. Apparatus as recited in claim 1 wherein, the VCSELs are at a top surface of the separate substrate, and the photovoltaic devices are at a bottom surface of the amorphous silicon layer that faces toward the VCSELs. 7. Apparatus as recited in claim 1 wherein, the amorphous silicon layer is on a bottom surface of the glass substrate, and the photovoltaic devices are at a bottom surface of the amorphous silicon layer that faces toward the VCSELs. 8. Apparatus as recited in claim 1 and further comprising: areas of semitransparent contact metallization on a transparent flex circuit layer, the amorphous silicon layer having semitransparent contact metallization areas being in contact with some of the areas of semitransparent contact metallization on the transparent flex circuit layer, and the separate substrate having respective semitransparent contact metallization areas being in contact with further areas of semitransparent contact metallization on the transparent flex circuit layer. 9. Apparatus as recited in claim 8 wherein, the transparent flex circuit layer is between the amorphous silicon layer and the separate substrate. 10. Apparatus as recited in claim 8 wherein, the glass substrate is over the separate substrate to position the photovoltaic devices along the axes of light emission for the VCSELs. 11. Apparatus as recited in claim 8 wherein, the VCSELs have area geometries that match the area geometries of the selectively doped areas of the amorphous silicon layer, such that the photovoltaic devices cover the VCSELs. 12. Apparatus as recited in claim 8 wherein, the separate substrate is a silicon wafer on which the VCSELs are formed. 13. Apparatus as recited in claim 8 wherein, the VCSELs emit light in the wavelength range 780-900 nm that corresponds to the wavelength range at which the amorphous silicon layer has said sufficiently small optical absorption coefficient. 14. Apparatus as recited in claim 8 wherein, the VCSELs are at a top surface of the separate substrate, and the photovoltaic devices are at a bottom surface of the amorphous silicon layer that faces toward the VCSELs. 15. Apparatus as recited in claim 8 wherein, the amorphous silicon layer is on a bottom surface of the glass substrate, and the photovoltaic devices are at a bottom surface of the amorphous silicon layer that faces toward the VCSELs. 