The present invention is a stationary, portable deicing machine for preventing snow and ice build up on any targeted surface, such as driveways, walkways and rooftops. The invention is a compact, integrated reservoir/pump/controller system that may be operated manually, automatically or by remote control. The invention is easily maintainable and may be left in a state of preparedness for use in the event of icing conditions. The liquid chemical deicing agent is contained in a temporary reservoir tank that is manually replaced. The temporary reservoir tank is placed upon the watertight base. The deicing agent is pumped from the watertight base to the distribution system. Apertures in the distribution system allow for the deicing agent to be distributed to any targeted surface. A primary benefit is a greatly increased margin of safety for the users of driveways, walkways, etc. to which the invention applies the deicing agents. Another benefit is a reduction in the injuries and deaths related to the physically strenuous activity of shoveling snow and ice.
Claims We claim: 1. An automatic deicer apparatus comprising a portable reservoir tank, deicing agents in the tank, a watertight base for receiving the reservoir tank, a distribution system provided in the base for receiving the deicing agents from the tank, and at least one distribution strip connected to the base for receiving and applying the deicing agents from the distribution system to targeted surfaces. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the deicing agent is a liquid chemical deicing agent. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a handle connected to the tank for removably positioning the tank on the base to facilitate insertion and removal of the tank as needed. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a pump in the distribution system for pumping the deicing agents to the at least one distribution strip. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, further comprising a supply tube in the distribution system for connecting the tank to the pump. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, further comprising a sharp end on the supply tube for puncturing a side of the tank positioned in the base and for receiving the deicing agents. 7. The apparatus of claim 5, further comprising a gasket proximal the sharp end of the supply tube forming a tight seal between the tube and the tank thereby preventing leakage of the deicing agents. 8. The apparatus of claim 4, further comprising a locking ring on another end of the tube for a leak-proof connection between the tube and the pump. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a power supply connected to the base for supplying power to the deicer. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, further comprising a switch control circuitry connected to the power supply. 11. The apparatus of claim 9, further comprising a wireless remote unit for remotely operating the deicer. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the wireless remote unit is selected from a group consisting of telephones, computers, and other wireless means. 13. The apparatus of claim 5, further comprising a mounting block in the base, and a locking strap connected to the base for holding the tube in the base. 14. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a permanent reservoir in the base for receiving the tank. 15. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising indicators on the base for indicating power status of the deicer, and levels of the deicing agent. 16. The apparatus of claim 5, further comprising an outlet tube connected to the pump and the at least one distribution strip for supplying the deicing agents to the at least one distribution strip. 17. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising at least one pipe within the at least one distribution strip for supplying deicing agents to targeted surfaces. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the at least one pipe has at least one opening through a body of the at least one distribution strip for ejecting the deicing agents to targeted surfaces. 19. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the at least one pipe further comprises plural pipes. 20. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one distribution strip further comprises plural strips. 21. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein each strip comprises plural pipes forming plural inner and outer pipes within each plural strip. 22. The apparatus of claim 21, further comprising connecting blocks for inter-connecting the plural strips. 23. The apparatus of claim 22, wherein each connecting block connects a range between two to four strips. 24. The apparatus of claim 22, further comprising plugs on the connecting blocks for sealing the outer pipes. 25. The apparatus of claim 21, further comprising distribution tubes for connecting at least one of the inner pipes of one distribution strip to at least one of the outer pipes of another distribution strip. 26. The apparatus of claim 21, further comprising distribution tubes for routing the plural pipes of one distribution strip to the plural pipes of another distribution strip. 27. The apparatus of claim 9, further comprising an on/off switch connected to the power supply for turning on power to the deicer. 28. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising switch control circuitry for remotely activating the deicer by a touch-tone phone. 29. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising switch control circuitry for remotely activating the deicer by using a personal computer. 30. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising switch control circuitry for remotely activating the deicer by wireless means. 31. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a battery back-up power supply for operating the pump in absence of available power. 32. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the power supply is a battery back-up power supply. 33. The apparatus of claim 32, further comprising a solar cell battery charger for providing constant charge to the battery back-up power supply. 34. A deicer distribution apparatus comprising a portable watertight system having a base, a distribution system provided in the base for receiving and distributing deicing agents to targeted surfaces. 35. The apparatus of claim 34, wherein the distribution system comprises at least one distribution strip for receiving and applying the deicing agents from the distribution system to targeted surfaces. 36. The apparatus of claim 34, further comprising a reservoir in the base connected to the distribution system for receiving the deicing agents. 37. The apparatus of claim 34, further comprising a tank, and deicing agents in the tank, the tank being removably positioned on the base for supplying deicing agents to the distribution system as required. 38. The apparatus of claim 35, further comprising a pump in the distribution system for pumping the deicing agents to the at least one distribution strip. 39. The apparatus of claim 38, further comprising a supply tube in the distribution system connected to the pump. 40. The apparatus of claim 39, further comprising a sharp end on the supply tube. 41. The apparatus of claim 40, further comprising a portable tank and deicing agents in the tank, wherein the sharp end of the supply tube is for puncturing a side of the tank positioned on the base and for receiving the deicing agents. 42. The apparatus of claim 41, further comprising a gasket proximal the sharp end of the supply tube forming a tight seal between the tube and the tank thereby preventing leakage of the deicing agents. 43. The apparatus of claim 40, further comprising a locking ring on another end of the tube for a leak-proof connection between the tube and the pump. 44. The apparatus of claim 34, further comprising a power supply connected to the base for supplying power to the deicer. 45. The apparatus of claim 34, further comprising a switch control circuitry connected to the power supply. 46. The apparatus of claim 34, further comprising a wireless remote unit for remotely operating the deicer. 47. The apparatus of claim 46, wherein the wireless remote unit is selected from a group consisting of telephones, computers, and other wireless means. 48. The apparatus of claim 34, further comprising sensors on the base for sensing ambient conditions and for activating the deicer as needed. 49. The apparatus of claim 34, further comprising a mounting block in the base, and a locking strap connected to the base for holding the tube in the base on the mounting block. 50. The apparatus of claim 34, further comprising indicators on the base for indicating power status of the deicer, and levels of the deicing agent. 51. The apparatus of claim 35, further comprising an outlet tube connected to the pump and the at least one distribution strip for supplying the deicing agents to the at least one distribution strip. 52. The apparatus of claim 35, further comprising at least one pipe within the at least one distribution strip for supplying deicing agents to targeted surfaces. 53. The apparatus of claim 52, wherein the at least one pipe has at least one opening through a body of the at least one distribution strip for ejecting the deicing agents to targeted surfaces. 54. The apparatus of claim 44, further comprising an on/off switch connected to the power supply for turning on power to the deicer. 55. The apparatus of claim 34, further comprising switch control circuitry for remotely activating the deicer by a touch-tone phone. 56. The apparatus of claim 34, further comprising switch control circuitry for remotely activating the deicer by a personal computer. 57. The apparatus of claim 34, further comprising switch control circuitry for remotely activating the deicer by wireless means. 58. The apparatus of claim 39, further comprising a battery back-up power supply for operating the pump during power failure. 59. The apparatus of claim 44, wherein the power supply is a battery back-up power supply. 60. The apparatus of claim 59, further comprising a solar cell battery charger for providing constant charge to the battery back-up power supply. 61. A system for distributing deicing agents comprising a portable housing, a distribution system in the housing, and at least one distribution strip connected to the distribution system for receiving and applying deicing agents from the distribution system to targeted surfaces. 62. The system of claim 61, wherein the distribution system comprises a supply tube, a pump connected to the supply tube and to the distribution strip. 63. The system of claim 62, further comprising an outlet tube connecting the pump to the distribution strip. 64. The apparatus of claim 61, further comprising a reservoir in the housing connected to the distribution system for receiving the deicing agents. 65. The apparatus of claim 61, further comprising a tank, and deicing agents in the tank, the tank being removably positioned on the housing for supplying deicing agents to the distribution system as required. 66. The apparatus of claim 61, further comprising a pump in the distribution system for pumping the deicing agents to the at least one distribution strip. 67. The apparatus of claim 66, further comprising a supply tube in the distribution system connected to the pump. 68. The apparatus of claim 67, further comprising a sharp end on the supply tube. 69. The apparatus of claim 68, further comprising a gasket proximal the sharp end of the supply tube forming a tight seal between the tube and a reservoir supplying deicing agents for preventing leakage of the deicing agents. 70. The apparatus of claim 68, further comprising a locking ring on another end of the tube for a leak-proof connection between the tube and the pump. 71. The apparatus of claim 61, further comprising a power supply connected to the housing for supplying power to the distribution system. 72. The apparatus of claim 67, further comprising a mounting block in the base, and a locking strap connected to the base for holding the tube in the base on the mounting block. 73. The apparatus of claim 61, further comprising indicators on the housing for indicating power status of the deicer, and levels of the deicing agent. 74. The apparatus of claim 66, further comprising an outlet tube connected to the pump and the at least one distribution strip for supplying the deicing agents to the at least one distribution strip. 75. The apparatus of claim 61, further comprising at least one pipe within the at least one distribution strip for supplying deicing agents to targeted surfaces. 76. The apparatus of claim 75, wherein the at least one pipe has at least one opening through a body of the at least one distribution strip for ejecting the deicing agents to targeted surfaces. 77. The apparatus of claim 75, wherein the at least one pipe further comprises plural pipes. 78. The apparatus of claim 61, wherein the at least one distribution strip further comprises plural strips. 79. The apparatus of claim 78, wherein each strip comprises plural pipes forming plural inner and outer pipes within each plural strip. 80. The apparatus of claim 78, further comprising connecting blocks for inter-connecting the plural strips. 81. The apparatus of claim 80, wherein each connecting block connects a range between two to four strips. 82. The apparatus of claim 80, further comprising plugs on the connecting blocks for sealing the outer pipes. 83. The apparatus of claim 79, further comprising distribution tubes for connecting at least one of the inner pipes of one distribution strip to at least one of the outer pipes of another distribution strip. 84. The apparatus of claim 79, further comprising distribution tubes for routing the plural pipes of one distribution strip to the plural pipes of another distribution strip. 85. The apparatus of claim 66, further comprising a battery back-up power supply for operating the pump during power failure. 86. The apparatus of claim 71, wherein the power supply is a battery back-up power supply. 87. The apparatus of claim 86, further comprising a solar cell battery charger for providing constant charge to the battery back-up power supply. 88. An automatic deicing method comprising providing a portable distribution deicer system in a watertight base at a desired location, supplying deicing agents to the distribution system, providing at least one distribution strip in the distribution system, supplying the deicing agents to the distribution strip, and applying the deicing agents through the distribution strip to targeted surfaces. 89. The method of claim 88, wherein supplying the deicing agents comprises providing the deicing agents in a reservoir. 90. The method of claim 89, wherein providing deicing agents in a reservoir comprises a permanent reservoir in the base. 91. The method of claim 89, wherein providing deicing agents in a reservoir comprises providing the deicing agents in a portable reservoir tank, and positioning the portable tank on the base. 92. The method of claim 88, wherein the supplying deicing agents comprises pumping the deicing agents to the at least one distribution strip by a pump. 93. The method of claim 88, wherein the supplying comprises connecting a deicing source to a pump by providing a supply tube in the distribution system. 94. The method of claim 93, further comprising forming an end of the supply tube as a sharp end and puncturing a side of the deicing source positioned on the base for receiving the deicing agents. 95. The method of claim 94, further comprising providing a gasket proximal the sharp end of the supply tube, forming a tight seal between the tube and the source and preventing leakage of the deicing agents. 96. The method of claim 88, further comprising supplying power to the deicer via a power supply connected to the base. 97. The method of claim 96, further comprising connecting a switch control circuitry to the power supply. 98. The method of claim 88, further comprising remotely operating the deicer by a wireless remote unit. 99. The apparatus of claim 98, wherein the remotely operating by a wireless remote unit comprises operating by the unit selected from a group consisting of telephones, computers, and other wireless means. 100. The method of claim 88, further comprising operating a pump in the distribution system by a battery back-up power supply in the absence of available power. 101. The method of claim 100, further comprising constantly charging the battery back-up power supply by a solar cell battery charger. 