A Satellite Weather Modification System (SWMS) uses earth satellites to harness solar energy to modify the thermodynamics and composition of the earth's atmosphere. SWMS has three subsystems: The first subsystem includes a network of earth satellites called Satellite Engines (SEs) used to reflect solar energy and/or transform solar energy into other forms of energy beams discharged at specified locations. The media at these locations and the media through which the energy beams pass absorb these energies and change them into heat. The second subsystem includes a large network of Remote Sensing Devices (RSDs). These sensors are used to measure local media compositions, dynamic parameters and thermodynamic properties. Sensor measurements are fed back to the third subsystem, which includes a network of Ground Control Stations (GCSs). GCSs provide energy beam guidance by estimating each beam's characteristics and its aim point trajectory as functions of time. Integration of these three subsystems establishes a sensor feedback energy beam guidance and control loop. SWMS's weather modification applications include alteration of precipitation, reclaiming of wasteland, reducing damage by bad weather, and improving environment. Its non-weather related applications include supplying concentrated energy to electricity generating stations (solar, wind and hydro), high latitude greenhouse farms, and solar powered airplanes.
Claims I claim: 1. Apparatus comprising an airplane including propulsion means for powering the airplane in flight; an energy storage device connected to the propulsion means; at least one solar cell mounted on the airplane for supplying power to the propulsion means and for recharging the energy storage device; at least one satellite in planetary orbit, the satellite being capable of reflecting solar radiation; and means for directing solar radiation reflected from the satellite onto the solar cell, thereby augmenting the solar radiation incident on the solar cell and increasing the power supplied by the cell to the propulsion means and to the energy storage device. 2. Apparatus according to claim 1 comprising a plurality of solar cells mounted on the airplane for supplying power to the propulsion means and for recharging the energy storage device, the directing means directing solar radiation reflected from the satellite onto each of the cells. 3. Apparatus according to claim 1 comprising a plurality of satellites in planetary orbit, each satellite being capable of reflecting solar radiation; and means for directing solar radiation reflected from each of the satellites onto the solar cell after one or more reflections between satellites. 4. Apparatus according to claim 1 comprising a plurality of solar cells mounted on the airplane for supplying power to the propulsion means and for recharging the energy storage device; a plurality of satellites in planetary orbit, each satellite being capable of reflecting solar radiation; and means for directing the solar radiation reflected from each of the satellites onto the solar cells after one or more reflections between satellites. 5. A method of flight comprising providing an airplane including propulsion means for powering the airplane in flight and an energy storage device connected to the propulsion means; mounting at least one solar cell on the airplane for supplying power to the propulsion means and recharging the energy storage device; placing at least one satellite in planetary orbit, the satellite being capable of reflecting solar radiation; and controlling the satellite to reflect solar radiation onto the cell, thereby increasing the power the cell can supply to the propulsion means and to the energy storage device. 6. A method according to claim 5 comprising mounting a plurality of solar cells on the airplane for supplying power to the propulsion means.sub.-- and for recharging the energy storage device; and controlling the satellite to reflect solar radiation onto each of the cells after one or more reflections between satellites. 7. A method according to claim 5 comprising placing a plurality of satellites in planetary orbit, each satellite being capable of reflecting solar radiation; and directing solar radiation reflected from each of the satellites onto the cell after one or more reflections between satellites. 8. A method according to claim 5 comprising mounting a plurality of solar cells on the airplane for supplying power to the propulsion means.sub.-- and for recharging the energy storage device; placing a plurality of satellites in planetary orbit, each satellite being capable of reflecting solar radiation; and directing solar radiation reflected from each of the satellites onto the cells after one or more reflections between satellites. 9. A method according to claim 5 comprising providing the airplane with a fuselage having a longitudinal axis; providing the airplane with at least one panel; mounting the solar cell on the panel; and tilting the panel about an axis parallel to the airplane's longitudinal axis to produce minimum drag force and zero lift force on each panel. 10. A method according to claim 9 comprising providing the airplane with a plurality of panels; mounting a solar cell on each of the panels; and providing for tilting of each of the panels about respective axes each parallel to the airplane's longitudinal axis. 11. A method according to claim 10 comprising placing a plurality of satellites in planetary orbit each capable of reflecting solar radiation; controlling the airplane to fly in loop patterns indefinitely above a designated geographical area; and tilting the panels to minimize the angle of incidence of the solar radiation on the solar cell and maximize the number of satellites that can reflect solar radiation onto the cells and the exposure of the cells to solar radiation. 12. A method according to claim 5 comprising mounting means on the satellite for transmitting energy to the airplane in a form other than solar radiation. 13. A method according to claim 12 comprising mounting means on the airplane for receiving energy from the satellite in a form other than solar radiation. 14. A method according to claim 5 comprising mounting means on the satellite for transmitting microwave energy to the airplane. 15. A method according to claim 14 comprising mounting means on the airplane for receiving microwave energy from the satellite. 