A roof assembly includes a plurality of insulation blocks disposed as a layer over a water-tight roofing membrane, a plurality of metal plates bonded to selected insulation blocks, each metal plate having at least one mounting bracket thereon for mounting at least one solar panels on the roof. Spacer struts are used to locate the solar panel at an optimum angle of an inclination relative to the roof. The use of metal plates bonded to the insulation blocks provides sufficient strength to withstand wind loads and avoids the cost and weight of conventional ballast systems.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A membrane roof assembly for selectively mounting one or more inclined solar panels on a roof the solar panels inclined relative to the roof, and retained thereon without using ballast, the solar panels installed and removed without disturbing the membrane roof assembly comprising: a roofing membrane; a plurality of insulation blocks disposed as a layer over the roofing membrane, the blocks being interlocked together; a plurality of metal plates permanently bonded to a top surface of selected insulation blocks, each metal plate covering a portion of the insulation block and having means for releasibly mounting at least one end of a solar panel thereon, the means for mounting being one or more mounting brackets having receptacles for receiving fixtures for selectively attaching the at least one end of the solar panel to the brackets; the insulation blocks with the metal plates positioned in a predetermined array among the plurality of insulation blocks thereby completing the roof assembly with at least a first metal plate and a second metal plate positioned adjacent to each other; the second metal plate having means for mounting being one or more mounting brackets having receptacles for selectively attaching a second end of the solar panel thereto, the weight of the solar panel and of the metal plates being sufficient to resist uplift force, overturning moment and sliding force caused by wind loads acting on the inclined solar panel without the need for ballast. 2. The roof assembly of claim 1, further comprising at least one solar panel removably coupled to at least one of the metal plates. 3. The roof assembly of claim 1 wherein the solar panel has a spacer strut connecting an end of the solar panel to a mounting means for locating the solar panel at an inclined angle relative to the metal plates. 4. The roof assembly of claim 3 wherein the strut is adjustable to adjust the angle of inclination of the solar panel. 5. The roof assembly of claim 4 further comprising a controller for adjusting the angle of inclination. 6. The roof assembly of claim 4 wherein the strut comprises a rod extendable from an actuator. 7. The roof assembly of claim 3 wherein the inclination angle is from about 5 to 45 degrees. 8. The roof assembly of claim 1 wherein the receptacle is a slot, the fixture being a bolt receivable in the slot. 9. The roof assembly of claim 1 wherein the insulation blocks have interlocking elements for connecting the insulation blocks to one another. 10. A method for providing a membrane roof assembly configured to accept one or more solar panels inclined on roof, the method allowing installation and removal of the solar panels without disturbing the membrane roof assembly, the solar panels inclined relative to the roof and retained thereon without using ballast comprising: disposing a watertight roofing membrane on a roof surface; providing a plurality of interlocking insulation blocks, selected ones of the plurality of insulation blocks having a metal plate permanently bonded to a top surface thereof, each metal plate covering a substantial portion of the insulation block and having means for removably mounting at least one end of a solar panel thereon, the means for mounting being one or more mounting brackets having receptacles for receiving fixtures for selectively attaching the at least one end of the solar panel thereto; positioning the insulation blocks with the metal plates in a predetermined array among the plurality of insulation blocks over the membrane on the roof surface so that all the interlocking insulation blocks are contiguous with each other thereby completing the membrane roof assembly, at least a first metal plate and a second metal plate positioned adjacent to each other; providing at least one solar panel; and removably attaching the at least one solar panel at an inclined angle on the roof, the solar panel removably attached at one end to the first metal plate and a second end removably attached to the second metal plate, such that the weight of the solar panel and weight of the metal plates are sufficient to resist the uplift force overturning moment and sliding force, caused by wind loads acting on the inclined solar panel without the need for ballast. 11. The method of claim 10 further comprising providing at least one spacer strut for each solar panel and placing the solar panel at a predetermined angle of inclination relative to the roof. 12. The method of claim 11 wherein the strut is adjustable to adjust the angle of inclination. 