An alarm security system is provided that interfaces a standard communications system with the monitoring of variety of remote sensors resulting in a flexible portable silent alarm. The sensor alarm conditions are communicated, with prerecorded voice information, directly over pre-programmed standard radio communications channels to on-duty security personnel. The equipment responds to commands sent, along with a correct identification code, over the same standard communications channels. Remote arming, disarming, status, activation of listening devices, and other remote functions are therefore possible. The alarm security system includes a remote wireless security electronics unit that is powered by battery, solar panel, or AC. The remote electronics unit includes monitoring of sensors in a plurality of separate zones. Each zone having a separate prerecorded message, appropriate for that zone, that can be transmitted directly to on-duty security personnel. On-duty personnel can remotely operate the unit over the radio, and can activate a remote microphone to establish an audio link with the scene of the triggering event. In one embodiment, the unit can be placed in a remote area or city street as an emergency call box. Upon activation of a panic button, or opening a door, the unit will transmit a prerecorded emergency call directly to on-duty personnel identifying the location, nature of the emergency, and other information. The unit can communicate instructions to the user and can place the user in direct two-way communication with on-duty personnel.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A portable alarm system for communicating with a standard frequency two-way, hand-held, portable RF radio conventionally used by security personnel comprising: a portable controller including a programmable solid state memory having memory for storing a pre-recorded audio message delineating a specific zone of security coverage and having means for monitoring at least one physical security sensor; a plurality of physical security sensors for sensing security violations in one or more zones connected to said controller, said sensors having at least a tripped and a non-tripped state; a microphone connectable to said controller for audibly transmitting and pre-recording an audio message delineating a particular geographical area of protection such as a zone of security protection that is subject to said physical security sensors connected to said portable controller; means for transmitting said pre-recorded audio message delineating the specific zone of coverage by said controller over said radio frequency having a predetermined RF frequency to communicate with said standard frequency two-way hand-held portable radio utilized by security personnel in response to an activated physical security sensor connected to said controller, said controller triggering said means for transmitting in response to said means for monitoring when at least one sensor is in the tripped state; and means for reeving and decoding at least one preprogrammed command sent over said pre-selected radio frequency channel, said controller responsive to said at least one preprogrammed command, said pre-selected radio frequency being in a frequency band receivable and transmittable by a conventional emergency personnel radio. 2. The portable alarm of claim 1 wherein said means for storing said at least one audio message includes means for recording said message. 3. The portable alarm of claim 2 further including a portable housing for mounting said controller. 4. The portable alarm of claim 3 further comprising: a microphone input jack mounted on said housing and electrically connected to said controller; means for transmitting audio from said microphone input jack over said preselected radio frequency channel. 5. The portable alarm of claim 3 further comprising: means for receiving video connectable to said controller; means for transmitting video over said preselected radio frequency channel. 6. The portable alarm of claim 3 wherein said at least one sensor is a plurality of sensors connectable to at least two monitoring zones and at least one of said plurality of sensors being remote from said housing. 7. The portable alarm of claim 6 wherein said plurality of sensors include at least one normally open and at least one normally closed contact trip sensor. 8. The portable alarm of claim 7 wherein there are two monitoring zones, each zone connectable to two normally open contact trip sensors and to one normally closed contact trip sensor. 9. The portable alarm of claim 3 further including means to activate at least one audio alarm local to said housing. 10. The portable alarm of claim 3 further including means to activate at least one visual alarm local to said housing. 11. The portable alarm of claim 3 wherein said housing includes a visual status indicator for said means for supplying power and further includes a power output jack. 12. A portable alarm system for alerting security personnel remotely stationed with a conventional two-way radio using a predetermined frequency comprising: a portable housing; an electronic controller mounted in said housing; means for recording and means for storing at least one audio message delineating the location of said portable housing, said means for recording and said means for storing electrically connected to said controller; said controller including means for monitoring at least one sensor in a predetermined security zone described in said stored audio message; means for transmitting said audio message over a first preselected radio frequency channel, said means for transmitting electrically connected to said controller and to said means for storing; means for receiving and means for decoding at least one command sent over a second preselected radio frequency channel, said means for receiving and said means for decoding electrically connected to said controller; means for supplying power; wherein said controller is remotely controllable by said at least one command sent over said second preselected radio frequency channel, and when said at least one physical security sensor is activated and said at least one stored audio message is transmitted over said first preselected radio frequency channel describing the location of the sensor activated, said first and said second preselected radio frequency channels each being in a frequency band receivable and transmittable by a conventional emergency personnel radio. 13. The portable alarm of claim 12 further comprising: a microphone input jack mounted on said housing and electrically connected to said controller; means for transmitting audio from said microphone input jack over said preselected radio frequency channel. 14. The portable alarm of claim 12 wherein said at least one sensor is a plurality of sensors connectable to at least two monitoring zones and at least one of said plurality of sensors being remote from said housing. 15. The portable alarm of claim 14 wherein said plurality of sensors include at least one normally open and at least one normally closed contact trip sensor. 16. The portable alarm of claim 15 wherein there are two monitoring zones, each zone connectable to two normally open contact trip sensors and to one normally closed contact trip sensor. 17. The portable alarm of claim 12 further including means to activate at least one audio alarm local to said housing. 18. The portable alarm of claim 12 further including means to activate at least one visual alarm local to said housing. 19. The portable alarm of claim 12 wherein said first and said second preselected radio frequency channels are the same channel. 20. The portable alarm of claim 12 wherein said housing includes a visual status indicator for said means for supplying power and further includes a power output jack. 21. The portable alarm of claim 12 further comprising: means for receiving video information connectable to said controller; means for transmitting video information over said preselected radio frequency channel. 22. A remote emergency call box comprising: a portable housing; an electronic controller mounted in said housing; means for recording and means for storing at least two audio messages, said means for recording and said means for storing electrically connected to said controller said audio messages describing the location of the portable housing; means for monitoring at least one physical security sensor electrically connected to said controller; means for automatically transmitting a first of said at least two audio messages over a preselected radio frequency channel upon activation of said at least one physical security sensor, said means for automatically transmitting electrically connected to said controller and to said means for storing; means for automatically playing back a second of said at least two audio messages locally at said housing upon activation of said at least one sensor, said means for automatically playing back electrically connected to said controller and to said means for storing; means for supplying power; wherein when said at least one sensor is activated said first of said at least two stored audio messages is transmitted over said preselected radio frequency channel and said second of said at least two stored audio messages is played back locally said housing; said preselected radio frequency being in a frequency band receivable and transmittable by a conventional emergency personnel radio. 23. The remote emergency call box of claim 22 further comprising means to place a user in two-way voice communication over said preselected radio frequency channel to on-duty security personnel. 24. The remote emergency call box of claim 22 further comprising means for activating at least one audio alarm at said housing. 25. The remote emergency call box of claim 22 further comprising means for activating at least one visual alarm at said housing. 26. The remote emergency call box of claim 22 wherein said means for supplying power includes a solar panel. 27. The remote emergency call box of claim 22 wherein there is a third and a fourth recorded and stored audio messages and means for automatically transmitting said third message over a second preselected radio frequency upon activation of a second sensor, and means for playing back said fourth message locally at said housing upon activation of said second sensor. 28. The remote emergency call box of claim 27 wherein said sensors are manual push buttons. 29. The remote emergency call box of claim 22 further comprising; means for providing two-way communication for hearing challenged users including display means for visual queries for the hearing challenged user and at least one means for response to the visual queries. 30. The remote emergency call box of claim 22 further comprising; means for activating at least one video sensor and means for transmitting video sensor data over said preselected radio frequency channel. 