A remote telecommunications assembly for use at a gas wellhead or other remote location includes a base formed of concrete curb sections, a steel frame mounted on the base and one or more masts mounted on the steel frame for carrying the electronic components of the assembly, batteries, a solar panel and an antenna for transmitting and receiving signals.
Claims I claim: 1. A remote telecommunications assembly comprising a modular skeletal base for installation at a monitoring site, said base including a plurality of narrow concrete curb sections for defining a pair of sides and a pair of ends, said sides and ends being interconnectable, whereby the base is rectangular with a hollow center; a skeletal frame for mounting on said base; a power supply for mounting on said frame; a remote telecommunications unit for mounting on said frame; and an antenna for mounting on said frame for receiving and transmitting signals from said remote telecommunications unit. 2. The remote telecommunications assembly of claim 1, wherein said concrete curb sections include complementary shoulders at each end thereof, whereby the ends of the curb sections can form lap joints with each other when assembled. 3. The remote telecommunications assembly of claim 2, wherein said frame includes a rectangular bottom section of substantially the same length as said base, a post for carrying said remote telecommunications unit; a mast for carrying said antenna; and a socket on said frame carrying said mast. 4. The remote telecommunications assembly of claim 2, including a pair of masts, one mast carrying said remote telecommunications unit and the other mast carrying said antenna; and a crossbar interconnecting said masts. 5. The remote telecommunications assembly of claim 4 wherein said frame includes a rectangular bottom section of substantially the same length as said base, and a pair of sockets on the bottom section carrying said masts. 6. The remote telecommunications assembly of claim 2, wherein said frame includes a cruciform bottom section; and a socket at the center of said bottom section for supporting a mast; said mast carrying a remote telecommunications unit enclosure, a solar panel and an antenna. 7. The remote telecommunications assembly of claim 1 including a skeletal guard railing around said frame for preventing damage to the assembly by livestock. 8. The remote telecommunications assembly of claim 7, wherein said guard railing includes corner posts and horizontal rails defining a frusto-pyramidal enclosure for the frame of the assembly. 9. The remote telecommunications assembly of claim 8, including a gate in one end of said guard railing. 