A device utilizing solar energy, including four supporting-moving mechanisms moving and adjusting collectors in more than one direction connected to a frame, the supporting-moving mechanism is also connected to a fix base surface, an absorbing plate black colored and with pyramidal or wedge shape is placed on an insulating plate laying on the base plate of the plane collectors placed on the frame, translucent covering plate covers all the surface, baffles between the base plate and translucent covering plate perpendicular to the base plate and parallel to each others provide an air current path, the farthest baffles form side walls, opposite to the inlet of the air current path installed with filter an outlet is provided, the inlet of the air pump house is connected to the outlet to which a device utilizing the heat energy is connected.
Claims I claim: 1. A device utilizing solar energy for drying and roasting of agricultural and food processing products comprising: collectors fixed on a frame having a backside, each of said collectors being substantially planar; a moving mechanism on the backside of said frame for moving said collectors in both an East-West and a North-South direction to track direction of incoming solar radiation; said moving mechanism comprising plural supports for said frame, which supports move independently of each other; position monitoring means and moving mechanism control means designed and adapted to be pre-programmed with an established daily tracking path which is adjusted subject to position information from said position monitoring means; one end of each of said supports being attached to a fixed base surface; each of said collectors comprising an absorbing plate with a surface comprising a plurality of one of a pyramidal and wedge shape, an insulating plate placed on said frame and supporting said absorbing plate, a translucent covering plate covering said absorbing plate, baffles extending from said absorbing plate to said covering plate to define air paths within said collector; a collector inlet opening at a beginning of the air paths; and a collector outlet with a filter opposite said collector inlet opening at an ending of the air paths; an air pump housing operatively connected to said collector outlet; and a drying device operatively connected to an output of said air pump housing to receive heated air from said collectors. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein one of said collectors further comprises a helical air path. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein one of said collectors further comprises first plural parallel air paths in a first direction adjacent second plural parallel air paths in a second direction, said first and second plural parallel air paths joined by connecting arched air paths. 4. The device of claim 1, wherein one of said collectors further comprises plural collector inlet openings located along plural sides of said collectors and plural collector outlets located in an interior portion of said collectors. 5. The device of claim 1, wherein one of said collectors further comprises a circular shape with plural collector inlets located around a peripheral edge of the circular shape, said plural collector inlets comprising perforated bordering walls of one of said collectors and air filters placed on said perforated bordering walls, and said collector outlet of one of said collectors being located at a center of the circular shape. 6. The device of claim 1, wherein said frame is integral to said collectors. 7. The device of claim 1, wherein said plural supports comprise hydraulically telescoping legs. 8. The device of claim 1, wherein said plural supports comprise co-operating screed moved by cog-wheels. 9. The device of claim 1, wherein said air pump housing comprise a connection means for operatively connecting to said collector outlet and to said product drying device, each of said connection means comprise an insulated rigid wall and a flexible tube. 10. The device of claim 1, further comprising, intermediate said drying device and said collector outlet, a container comprising an outlet terminal for discharging products and an insulating wall containing an air labyrinth designed and adapted as a heat accumulator. 11. The device of claim 10, wherein said labyrinth comprises refractory bricks. 12. The device of claim 10, wherein said product drying device further comprises: a drying container standing vertically, a feed pipe connecting to an upper end of said vertically standing drying container, an air outlet pipe, operatively connected to said collectors, connected to a bottom location of said drying container for providing heated air to the bottom of said drying container, an endless drying conveyor constructed of plural alternating direction conveyor sections with air-permeable belts moving downward from a upper location of said drying container below said feed pipe and slanting downwards, each of said plural conveyor sections spanning across a width of said drying container and mounted to provide directional change on a side wall of said drying container; and wherein said air outlet pipe controllably provides heated air for passing upwardly through said conveyor section air-permeable belts and the product placed thereupon. 13. The device of claim 10, wherein said drying device further comprises: a drying container standing vertically, a feed pipe connecting to an upper end of said vertically standing drying container, an air outlet pipe, operatively connected to said collectors, connected to a bottom location of said drying container for providing heated air to the bottom of said drying container, a rotating central axle, located centrally within a horizontal cross-section of said drying container, driving vertically displaced whirlers having a generally conical shape and made of air permeable material, said whirlers displaced vertically and rotated by said central axle to controllably move the products received from said feed pipe vertically downward from said drying container in a series of horizontal downwardly slanted movements, each of which movements change direction with respect to said rotating central axle, wherein said air outlet pipe controllably provides heated air for passing upwardly through said whirlers and the products moving thereupon. 14. A device utilizing solar energy for drying and roasting agricultural products, comprising: cylindrical paraboloid collectors fixed on a frame, each of said collectors being mounted on a moveable consoling plate and further comprising a plurality of concave mirror surfaces located behind an absorbing working tube, and a plurality of arcing pipes, each of said arcing pipes connecting one said tube to another said tube, a backside of said frame being furnished with a moving mechanism, a spiral shaft for transporting the products for drying within said absorbing working tube, a moving mechanism on the backside of said frame for moving said collectors in both an East-West and a North-South direction to track direction of incoming solar radiation; said moving mechanism comprising plural supports for said frame, which supports move independently of each other; and position monitoring means and moving mechanism control means designed and adapted to be pre-programmed with an established daily tracking path which is adjusted subject to position information from said position monitoring means. 15. The device of claim 14, wherein said absorbing working tube further comprises an air inlet pipe interior to said spiral shaft, said air inlet pipe being perforated along its length. 16. The device of claim 14, wherein said absorbing working tube further comprises a vapor drain pipe connected to a gathering container. 