A structure for mounting a planar array of photovoltaic panels to a roof is formed from a set of parallel spaced juxtaposed rails which are intersected by a set of parallel spaced juxtaposed runners that extend perpendicular to the rails. Both the runners and the rails are formed of sheet metal and are shaped in cross section so as to partially surround a space. Both the rails and the runners have upwardly opening apertures bordered by flanges. The flanges of the rails are coplanar with the flanges of the runners. The photovoltaic modules rest on the flanges, thereby covering the apertures and enclosing the space within the rails and the runners. This space serves as a protective raceway for the electrical interconnections and wiring. Because the entire structure is a single electrical conductor, grounding of the modules is simplified. Compared to other mounting systems, the structure is lighter in weight, simpler to install, extremely strong, and protective of the electrical interconnections.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A structure for mounting and securing to a roof an array of photovoltaic modules having rear surfaces that lie in a common plane, comprising: a plurality of rails extending parallel to each other and laterally spaced, each of said plurality of rails having a cross section that partially surrounds a space and having an aperture that extends lengthwise, said plurality of rails affixed to and transversing the rear surfaces of the modules with the apertures of the rails covered by the rear surfaces of the modules so that the space within each rail is enclosed and protected; a runner mounted on the roof and extending perpendicular to said plurality of rails, having a cross section that partially surrounds a space, having an aperture that extends lengthwise, having cutouts spaced along its length that are shaped to receive said plurality of rails so that a lap joint is formed where said runner intersects each rail, said runner lying flush against and transversing the rear surfaces of the modules with the aperture of said runner covered by the rear surfaces of the modules so that the space within said runner is enclosed and protected. 2. The structure of claim 1 wherein said runner is affixed to the rear surfaces of the modules it traverses. 3. The structure of claim 2 wherein said runner and said plurality of rails are affixed to the rear surfaces of the modules they traverse by an adhesive. 4. The structure of claim 1 wherein said runner and said plurality of rails are composed of sheet metal. 5. The structure of claim 1 wherein said runner and said plurality of rails are composed of a nonconductive material. 