An irrigation control system for land includes a weather station to measure one or more weather conditions in a first area; means to measure rainfall in a sub-area of the first area; and a computer connected directly or indirectly to the weather station and rainfall-measuring means. The computer is adapted to monitor the measurements of the weather station and rainfall-measuring means, to calculate a moisture content value for the sub-area from the measurements and a predetermined moisture loss for the sub-area, and to regulate irrigation of the sub-area.
Claims The claims defining the invention are as follows: 1. An irrigation control system for land including: (a) at least one first means to measure one or more weather conditions in a first area; (b) at least one second means to measure rainfall in a sub-area of the first area; and (c) control means connected directly or indirectly to the first and second means, the control means adapted to monitor the measurements of the first and second means, to calculate a moisture content value for the sub-area from the measurements and a predetermined moisture loss for the sub-area, and to regulate irrigation of the sub-area. 2. The irrigation control system of claim 1 wherein the control means is adapted to regulate irrigation by the sub-area by either initiating or preventing irrigation of the sub-area depending upon whether the moisture content value is less than or more than a predetermined moisture content value for the sub-area. 3. The irrigation control system of claim 1 having one first means in each sub-area. 4. The irrigation control system of claim 1 having one second means in each sub-area. 5. The irrigation control system of claim 4 wherein the first means and second means are combined into a single measuring means. 6. The irrigation control system of claim 1 further including a local switch means in the sub-area to initiate or prevent irrigation in response to signals from the control means. 7. The irrigation control system of claim 1 wherein the local switch means in the sub-area energizes or de-energizes a local control means for initiating or preventing the irrigation, in response to signals from the control means. 8. The irrigation control system of claim 1 further including interruption means to interrupt irrigation in the sub-area. 9. The irrigation control system of claim 8 wherein the interruption means interrupts irrigation in the sub-area in response to rainfall in the sub-area. 10. The irrigation control system of claim 7 wherein the interruption occurs for a period of time determined by the control means. 11. The irrigation control system of claim 1 wherein the one or more weather conditions includes solar radiation. 12. The irrigation control system of claim 1 wherein second means includes a sensing means, a measuring means and a data logger. 13. The irrigation control system of claim 1 wherein the control means is a computer. 14. A method of irrigating land including the steps of: (a) measuring one or more weather conditions in a first area; (b) measuring rainfall in a sub-area of the first area; (c) monitoring the measurements; (d) calculating a moisture content value for the sub-area from the measurements and a predetermined moisture loss for the sub-area; and (e) regulating the irrigation of the sub-area. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein regulating the irrigation of the sub-area is either by initiating or preventing irrigation of the sub-area depending upon whether the moisture content value is less than or more than a predetermined moisture content value for the sub-area. 16. The method of claim 14 wherein the measurement in step (a) is carried out in the same sub-area as that in which the measurement is carried out in step (b). 17. The method of claim 14 including the further step of (f) sensing for rainfall in the sub-area during irrigation and interrupting irrigation in response to rainfall in the sub-area for a period of time controlled by the duration and amount of rainfall. 18. The method of claim 14 wherein the weather conditions of step (a) include solar radiation. 19. The irrigation control system of claim 2 having one first means in each sub-area. 20. The irrigation control system of claim 8 wherein the interruption occurs for a period of time determined by the control means. 21. The method of claim 15 wherein the measurement in step (a) is carried out in the same sub-area as that in which the measurement is carried out in step (b). 