A system and method for producing potable water from a brine source uses an Archimedean screw to elevate water to an elevated point. The water is then filtered to desalinate the water through a series of filters arranged in a vertical shaft using gravity to move the water through the filters. The vertical nature of the screw and shaft reduce land requirements and costs. A power source turns the screw and relies on renewable energy sources, such as solar, wind, and tidal/wave power. A turbine is used to recapture any energy in the descending water. The screw, renewable energy power source, and turbine reduce the energy requirements and costs. A brine recycling system recovers the removed brine and various elements and minerals are separated.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for purifying water from a water source while conserving energy, natural resources, and area of ground used, the system comprising: an elongated inclined cylinder extending from the water source to an elevated level for transporting water from the water source to the elevated level; a rotatable auger disposed in the cylinder for drawing the water into the cylinder and raising the water through the cylinder to the elevated level; inlet and outlet passages formed in the cylinder, said inlet passage including a series of increasingly fine membranes associated with the cylinder for filtering the water as it passes through the inlet passage to remove debris and contaminates; a vertical shaft coupled to the outlet passage and extending downwardly from the elevated level and including purifying means to purify the water in response to downward movement under force of gravity, a width of the vertical shaft being substantially smaller than a height of the shaft to minimize the area of ground used; a water turbine disposed at a bottom of the shaft for recapturing some of the energy of the descending purified water to assist in rotating the auger; a wind turbine disposed on the vertical shaft positioned above the purifying means and the water turbine; a solar panel disposed on the inclined cylinder; a wave driven device disposed under the inclined cylinder, thereby minimizing the area of ground used; and a power source coupled to the auger for rotating the auger in response to energy from said wind turbine, said solar panel, and said wave driven device. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising a control system for monitoring and adjusting the flow of water. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the control system includes means for monitoring and adjusting the rotation of the auger. 4. The system of claim 1, further comprising a brine recovery means disposed within the vertical shaft below the purifying means for recovering brine removed from the water during purification in the vertical shaft. 5. The system of claim 4, further comprising a control system for monitoring the saline concentration of the water. 6. A desalination system for producing potable water from a brine source while conserving energy and natural resources, the system comprising: an elongated inclined cylinder extending from the brine source to an elevated level for transporting water from the brine source to the elevated level; a rotatable auger disposed in the cylinder for drawing the water into the cylinder and raising the water through the cylinder to the elevated level; inlet and outlet passages formed in the cylinder, said inlet passage including a series of increasingly fine membranes associated with the cylinder for filtering the water as it passes through the inlet passage and membranes to remove debris and contaminates; a vertical shaft coupled to the outlet passage and extending downwardly from the elevated level and including a series of filters to desalinate the water in response to downward movement under force of gravity, a width of the vertical shaft being substantially smaller than a height of the shaft to minimize area of ground used; a wind turbine disposed on the vertical shaft positioned above the filters; a solar panel disposed on the inclined cylinder to minimize the area of ground used; a power source coupled to the auger for rotating the auger in response to energy from said wind turbine and said solar panel; a water turbine disposed within a bottom of the vertical shaft for recapturing some of the energy of descending water to assist in rotating the auger; a brine recovery means disposed within the vertical shaft below the filters for recovering the brine removed from the water during desalination in the vertical shaft; and a control system including means for monitoring and adjusting the flow of water, thereby producing potable water from the brine source while conserving energy and natural resources. 7. The desalination system of claim 6, wherein the power source comprises a wave driven device disposed below the inclined cylinder for rotating the auger. 8. The desalination system of claim 6, wherein the control system monitors the saline concentration of the water. 9. The desalination system of claim 6, wherein the control system monitors and adjusts the rotation of the auger. 