A method and apparatus for detecting rock movement. The first step involves using at least one electromagnetic induction coil as a sensor. The second step involves monitoring changes in induced electromotive force in the at least one electromagnetic induction coil over a selected time interval. This new approach is based upon changes in magnetic permeability as a result of rock movement in accordance with Faraday's law of electromagnetic induction. When a plurality of these new sensors are used the speed of the rock movement may also be determined.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for detecting rock movement, comprising the steps of: mounting at least one row of electromagnetic induction coils to a non-magnetic support; positioning the support at a location where rock movement is to be detected; and monitoring changes in electromotive force in the electromagnetic induction coils induced by movement of rocks in the vicinity of the support over a selected time interval. 2. An apparatus for detecting rock movement, comprising: a non-magnetic support; at least one row of electromagnetic induction coils mounted to the support; means for monitoring changes in electromotive force of the electromagnetic induction coils inducted by rocks passing in the vicinity of the support; and means for measuring a time interval. 3. The apparatus as defined in claim 2, wherein the electromagnetic induction coils are arranged in several rows. 4. The apparatus as defined in claim 2, wherein the electromagnetic induction coils each have an annular magnet with a central aperture, positioned in the central aperture are a soft iron core with a plurality of coil loops encircling the soft iron core, the annular magnet, the soft iron core and the coil loops being set in epoxy within an iron casing. 5. The apparatus as defined in claim 2, wherein means are provided for transmitting data to a remote monitoring station. 6. The apparatus as defined in claim 2, wherein a rechargeable power source is provided. 7. The apparatus as defined in claim 6, wherein a solar panel is used as a means of recharging the power source. 8. An apparatus for detecting rock movement, comprising: an elongate non-magnetic support; a plurality of electromagnetic induction coil sensors, each of the electromagnetic induction coil sensors including an annular magnet with a central aperture, positioned in the central aperture is a soft iron core with a number of coil loops encircling the soft iron core, the annular magnet, the soft iron core and the coil loops being set in epoxy within an iron casing, the plurality of electromagnetic induction coil sensors being mounted in rows to the non-magnetic support; a microprocessor coupled to the plurality of electromagnetic induction soil sensors, the microprocessor including means for monitoring changes in electromotive force of the electromagnetic induction coil sensors induced by rocks passing in the vicinity of the support and means for measuring a time interval; and a rechargeable battery providing power to the microprocessor. 9. The apparatus as defined in claim 8, wherein a cellular telephone is provided for transmitting data from the microprocessor to a remote monitoring station. 10. The apparatus as defined in claim 8, wherein a solar panel is used as a means of recharging the battery. 