An energy supply system for implantable medical devices generates an energy supply by a photovoltaic converter which transforms the light coming from outside of the body. The light is carried to the converter by an optical fiber. This system allows the implanted devices to work without the time restrictions of batteries and opens the door to the development of new devices with much higher power ratings. The system includes a light source (1) external to the patient's body, an optical fiber (3) which runs from a point on the surface of the patient to the implantable device (4) and a photovoltaic converter (5) placed inside the device where the optical fiber ends. Finally, a power conditioning stage (6) ensures that the electrical power generated suits the needs of the other components (7) of the implantable device.
Claims We claim: 1. A photovoltaic energy supply system for an implantable medical device comprising very thin optical fiber of biocompatible material for being implanted into a living body and sealed at one end to the skin of said body by epithelialization, and a photovoltaic converter connected to the opposite end of said fiber for transforming ambient light from the outside of the body and passing through said optical fiber into electric power for said medical device, a power conditioning stage at the output of the photovoltaic converter, means for modifying said power for use by said device, and means for sending information from the implanted device to monitor the state and function of the system or of the patient. 2. A system according to claim 1 further comprising a plurality of said medical devices for being implanted in different parts of the body and wherein said converter provides power for said several devices. 3. A system according to claim 2 further comprising an artificial light source for generating said light. 4. A system according to claim 2 further comprising means for modifying said light transmitted through said fiber. 5. A system according to claim 1 further comprising an artificial light source for generating said light. 6. A system according to claim 1 further comprising means for modifying said light transmitted through said fiber. 7. A system according to claim 1 wherein said body is a human body. 8. An energy supply system according to claim 1 wherein said very thin optical fiber has a diameter of several tens of microns. 9. A method of providing energy to at least one medical device implanted in a living body comprising the steps of: implanting in said living body at least one optical fiber made of biologically compatible material having a maximum outer diameter on the order of several tens of microns, providing a photovoltaic converter at an output end of said optical fiber, operatively connecting said photovoltaic converter to said medical device, and placing an input end of said optical fiber in the skin of said body such that it is sealed thereto by epithelialization. 10. A method according to claim 9 wherein said step of placing further comprises the step of locating said input end at a location on said body generally exposed to ambient light. 11. A method according to claim 10 wherein said location in is a portion of said body selected from the group consisting of a hand, the neck, and an ear. 12. A method according to claim 9 wherein said step of operatively connecting said photovoltaic converter to said medical device comprises connecting said photovoltaic converter to a plurality of medical devices. 13. A method according to claim 9 wherein said photovoltaic converter is capable of receiving information through said optical fiber and transmitting information through said optical fiber. 14. A method according to claim 9 wherein said input end is located on the surface of said body. 