To reduce the capacity required for an external DC power source which supplies power for snow-melting and to prevent the problems associated with defective strings, the present invention comprises individually switchable current ON/OFF means provided for each string and a control unit for individually controlling the ON/OFF of said current ON/OFF means, thus enabling the sequential application of current to each single string.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic power generating system with a solar cell array which comprises a plurality of solar cell strings connected in parallel, each string comprising a plurality of solar cell modules connected in series, capable of making the solar cell array generate heat with the aid of an external power source, comprising: a switchable current ON/OFF means provided for each solar cell string; and a control unit for individually controlling the switchable current ON/OFF means, wherein a current is applied to each solar cell string in sequence such that heat is generated. 2. The photovoltaic power generating system according to claim 1, wherein said external power sources supplies a DC current in reverse direction to that of a generating time to each string. 3. The photovoltaic power generating system according to claim 2, wherein said external power source is a bidirectional grid-connected inverter capable of converting a DC output of said solar cell array into an AC output to link said solar cell array in running with an AC power source and of converting an AC output of the AC power source into a DC output to supply said DC output to the side of said solar cell array. 4. The photovoltaic power generating system according to claim 3, wherein said switchable current ON/OFF means is connected in parallel to reverse-current blocking diodes respectively connected in series to said solar cell strings. 5. The photovoltaic power generating system according to claim 1, wherein said external power source supplies a DC current equal in direction to that at a time of generating electrical energy to each solar cell string. 6. The photovoltaic power generating system according to claim 5, wherein said external power source is a bidirectional grid-connected inverter capable of converting the DC output of said solar cell array into an AC output to link said solar cell array in running with an AC power source and of converting an AC output of the AC power source into a DC output to supply said DC output to the side of said solar cell array and wherein said external power source has a means for reversing the polarity of the DC output of said bidirectional grid-connected inverter in order to supply a DC current in a forward direction to each solar cell string. 7. The photovoltaic power generating system according to claim 1, wherein said solar cell module has a stacked cell with two or three photovoltaic conversion layers. 8. The photovoltaic power generating system according to claim 1, wherein said external power source has an overcurrent detecting means and an alarming means, and an application of current is stopped and an alarm is given when an overcurrent is generated. 9. The photovoltaic power generating system according to claim 1, wherein said switchable current ON/OFF means is turned ON/OFF from the first of the solar cell strings in order. 10. The photovoltaic power generating system according to claim 1, wherein each of said solar cell strings is connected to said external power source through said switchable current ON/OFF means. 