A monitoring system for a display unit includes phototransistors for detecting light emitted from a plurality of selectively energizable light-emitting diode (LED) segments in an energized state and for generating a voltage which is representative of the light emitted from the LED segments in the energized state. A glass filter filters ambient light from the phototransistors and passes the light emitted from the LED segments in the energized state. A comparator for each of the LED segments generates a comparison signal, with the comparison signal being representative of a comparison between a predetermined reference voltage and the voltage for each of the LED segments. A conditional power supply conditionally energizes the LED segments in response to an energizing signal. A routine of a central processing unit generates display data. The CPU receives the comparison signal for each of the LED segments and generates the energizing signal in order to operate the conditional power supply when the comparison signal for each of the LED segments indicates that each of the LED segments is operating fault-free. A control block cooperates with the conditional power supply and the CPU for selectively gating the display data to the LED segments.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A monitoring system for a display unit including a plurality of selectively energizable light-emitting segments, each of said light-emitting segments having an energized state and a non-energized state, with said light-emitting segments emitting light in said energized state, said monitoring system comprising: means for detecting light emitted from said light-emitting segments in said energized state and for generating an electrical signal which is representative of said light emitted from said light-emitting segments in said energized state; means for filtering ambient light from said means for detecting light and for passing said light emitted from said light-emitting segments in said energized state; means for generating a comparison signal for each of said light-emitting segments, with said comparison signal being representative of a comparison between a predetermined reference signal and said electrical signal for each of said light-emitting segments; means for conditionally energizing said light-emitting segments in response to an energizing signal; means for providing display data; means for receiving said comparison signal for each of said light-emitting segments and generating said energizing signal in order to operate said means for conditionally energizing when said comparison signal for each of said light-emitting segments indicates that each of said light-emitting segments is operating fault-free; and means cooperating with said means for conditionally energizing and said means for receiving said comparison signal for selectively gating said display data to said light-emitting segments. 2. The system as recited in claim 1, wherein said means for receiving said comparison signal cooperates with said means for conditionally energizing in order to switch each of said light-emitting segments having said energized state to said non-energized state for a predetermined time and then back to said energized state, and to switch each of said light-emitting segments having said non-energized state to said energized state for said predetermined time and then back to said non-energized state; and wherein during said predetermined time said means for generating a comparison signal generates said comparison signal for each of said light-emitting segments. 3. The system as recited in claim 2, wherein each of said light-emitting segments is switched periodically. 4. The system as recited in claim 3, wherein said predetermined time is about one microsecond. 5. The system as recited in claim 2, wherein each of said light-emitting segments is switched about once per second. 6. The system as recited in claim 5, wherein said predetermined time is about one microsecond. 7. The system as recited in claim 1, wherein said means for receiving said comparison signal cooperates with said means for conditionally energizing in order to switch each of said light-emitting segments having said energized state to said non-energized state for a first predetermined period and then back to said energized state, and to switch each of said light-emitting segments having said non-energized state to said energized state for a second predetermined period which is different than said first predetermined period, and then back to said non-energized state; and wherein during said first and second predetermined periods said means for generating a comparison signal generates said comparison signal for each of said light-emitting segments. 8. The system as recited in claim 7, wherein each of said light-emitting segments is switched periodically. 9. The system as recited in claim 8, wherein said first predetermined period is about one microsecond. 10. The system as recited in claim 7, wherein each of said light-emitting segments is switched about once per second. 11. The system as recited in claim 10, wherein said first predetermined period is about one microsecond. 12. The system as recited in claim 1, wherein said ambient light has at least one wavelength; wherein said light emitted from said light-emitting segments in the energized state has a wavelength which is different than said at least one wavelength of said ambient light; and wherein said means for filtering is a glass filter which filters said at least one wavelength of said ambient light and which passes therethrough said wavelength of said light-emitting segments in the energized state. 13. A monitoring system for a display unit including a plurality of selectively energizable light-emitting segments, each of said light-emitting segments having an energized state and a non-energized state, with said light-emitting segments being grouped to form desired shapes, symbols and/or alphanumeric characters when emitting light in said energized state, said monitoring system comprising: photovoltaic means for detecting light emitted from said light-emitting segments in said energized state and for generating an electrical signal having a voltage which is representative of said light emitted from said light-emitting segments in said energized state; means for filtering ambient light from said photovoltaic means and for passing said light emitted from said light-emitting segments in said energized state; means for generating a comparison signal for each of said light-emitting segments, with said comparison signal being representative of a comparison between a predetermined reference voltage and said voltage which is representative of said light emitted from said light-emitting segments in said energized state for each of said light-emitting segments; means for conditionally energizing said light-emitting segments in response to an energizing signal; means for receiving said comparison signal for each of said light-emitting segments and generating display data and said energizing signal in order to operate said means for conditionally energizing when said comparison signal for each of said light-emitting segments indicates that each of said light-emitting segments is operating fault-free; and means cooperating with said means for conditionally energizing and said means for receiving said comparison signal for selectively gating said display data to said light-emitting segments. 14. The system as recited in claim 13, wherein said means for receiving said comparison signal cooperates with said means for conditionally energizing in order to switch each of said light-emitting segments having said energized state to said non-energized state for a predetermined time and then back to said energized state, and to switch each of said light-emitting segments having said non-energized state to said energized state for said predetermined time and then back to said non-energized state; and wherein during said predetermined time said means for generating a comparison signal generates said comparison signal for each of said light-emitting segments. 15. The system as recited in claim 14, wherein each of said light-emitting segments is switched periodically. 16. The system as recited in claim 15, wherein said predetermined time is about one microsecond. 17. The system as recited in claim 14, wherein each of said light-emitting segments is switched about once per second. 18. The system as recited in claim 17, wherein said predetermined time is about one microsecond. 19. The system as recited in claim 13, wherein said ambient light has a plurality of wavelengths; wherein said light emitted from said light-emitting segments in the energized state has a wavelength which is different than said wavelengths of said ambient light; and wherein said means for filtering is a glass filter which filters said wavelengths of said ambient light and which passes therethrough said wavelength of said light-emitting segments in the energized state. 20. A method of monitoring a light-emitting display device including a plurality of selectively energizable display segments, each of said display segments having an energized state and a non-energized state, with said display segments emitting light in said energized state, said method comprising the steps of: filtering ambient light from said display segments and passing said light emitted from said display segments in said energized state; detecting said light emitted from said display segments in said energized state and generating an electrical signal which is representative of said light emitted from said display segments in said energized state; comparing a predetermined reference signal and said electrical signal for each of said display segments and generating a comparison signal which is representative thereof; employing said comparison signal for each of said display segments and generating an energizing signal when each of said display segments is operating fault-free; providing display data; selectively gating said display data to said display segments; and de-energizing said display segments when said display segments are not operating fault-free. 21. The method as recited in claim 20, said method further comprising the steps of: de-energizing each of said display segments which is in said energized state and energizing each of said display segments which is in said de-energized state; and re-energizing each of said display segments which is in said de-energized state and de-energizing each of said display segments which is in said energized state. 