The present invention relates to a device for supporting one or more solar panels or thermal collectors which may be arrangeable on a flat roof. The device has a bottom wall, a rear wall which extends upwardly from a rear side of the bottom wall, and two oppositely arranged side walls which are integrally joined with side edges of the bottom wall and rear wall. The side walls slope from the rear wall to a front edge of the bottom wall.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A device for supporting one or more solar panels or thermal collectors, wherein the device comprises: a) a bottom wall, b) a rear wall which extends upwardly from and is integrally joined with a rear side of the bottom wall, c) two oppositely arranged side walls which are integrally joined with side edges of the bottom wall and rear wall, wherein the side walls slope forwardly and downwardly from the rear wall and are integrally joined with a front edge of the bottom wall, d) wherein the bottom wall, rear wall and side walls are a continuous form and provide a single integral part, and e) wherein the bottom wall is directly attached between the side walls. 2. The device according to claim 1, wherein the form is made of plastic and the plastic is injection-moulded or vacuum-formed from recycled polyethylene. 3. The device according to claim 1, wherein the upper edges of the rear and side walls are provided with nesting means for receiving a solar panel. 4. The device according to claim 3, wherein the nesting means comprise a lip part integrally joined with the upper edges of the rear and side walls. 5. The device according to claim 1, further comprising securing means for securing a solar panel. 6. The device according to claim 5, wherein the securing means comprise screw holes. 7. The device according to claim 1, wherein the side walls extend downwardly to a front wall at an angle of roughly 25.degree. with respect to the horizontal. 8. The device according to claim 1, wherein one or more air channels are arranged in the walls. 9. The device according to claim 1, further comprising one or more drainage openings. 10. The device according to claim 1, further comprising reinforcing elements arranged in the walls. 11. An assembly comprising: a) a solar panel or thermal collector, and b) a device for supporting the solar panel or thermal collector wherein the device comprises a bottom wall, a rear wall which extends upwardly from and is integrally joined with a rear side of the bottom wall, two oppositely arranged side walls which are integrally joined with side edges of the bottom wall and rear wall, wherein the side walls slope forwardly and downwardly from the rear wall and are integrally joined with a front edge of the bottom wall, wherein the bottom wall, rear wall and side walls are a continuous form and provide a single integral part, wherein the bottom wall is directly attached between the side walls, and wherein the solar panel or thermal collector is mounted thereon. 12. The assembly according to claim 11, further comprising stabilizing means arranged in the device for stabilizing the assembly in position. 13. A method for arranging one or more solar panels or thermal collectors on a flat roof, comprising the steps of: a) manually placing one or more devices for supporting one or more solar panels or thermal collectors at a desired location on a flat roof in a predetermined pattern wherein each device comprises a bottom wall, a rear wall which extends upwardly from and is integrally joined with a rear side of the bottom wall, two oppositely arranged side walls which are integrally joined with side edges of the bottom wall and rear wall, wherein the side walls slope forwardly and downwardly from the rear wall and are integrally joined with a front edge of the bottom wall, wherein the bottom wall, rear wall and side walls are a continuous form and provide a single integral part, and wherein the bottom wall is directly attached between the side walls; and b) mounting and securing of one or mor solar panels or thermal collectors on the devices. 14. A device for supporting one or more solar panels or thermal collectors, wherein the device comprises: a) a bottom wall, b) a rear wall which extends upwardly from a rear side of the bottom wall, c) two oppositely arranged side walls which are integrally joined with the side edges of the bottom wall and rear wall, wherein the side walls slope downwardly from the rear wall to a front edge of the bottom wall, wherein the device is made of plastic, and d) wherein one or more air channels are arranged in the walls. 15. The device according to claim 14, further comprising one or more drainage openings. 16. The device according to claim 14, further comprising reinforcing elements arranged in the walls. 17. The device according to claim 1, wherein the unitary form has a top which is open and has an interior contour and an exterior contour, and wherein the exterior contour conforms to the interior contour such that one device may be stacked within another device for transporting and storage. 