A solar cell array used in a photovoltaic power generation apparatus for housing covers a relatively large outside area for installation, and a considerably large earth capacitance Ca exists between the solar cell array and the ground. Further, as an inverter for converting direct-current electric power generated by the solar cell array into alternating-current electric power, a transless-type inverter is used for reducing cost. Therefore, a slight leak current flows via the earth capacitance Ca, which may cause undesirable operation of an earth leakage circuit breaker inserted between the inverter and a commercial AC power system. In the photovoltaic power generation apparatus of the present invention, by designing it so that the relationship between the earth capacitance Ca[.mu.F] and leak current detection sensitivity EL[mA] of the earth leakage circuit breaker is Ca<EL/3, the undesirable operation of the earth leakage circuit breaker due to the leak current is prevented.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic power generation apparatus used in connection with a commercial AC power system, said apparatus comprising: a solar cell array; a non-insulated type inverter for converting direct-current electric power outputted from said solar cell array into alternating-current electric power; and an earth leakage circuit breaker provided between said non-insulated type inverter and the commercial AC power system, wherein stray capacitance Ca[.mu.F] of said solar cell array with respect to a ground potential and circuit breaker interrupting rating EL[mA] of said earth leakage circuit breaker have a relationship of Ca<EL/3. 2. The photovoltaic power generation apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said solar cell array includes a plurality of solar cell modules each of which has solar cells fixed on a reinforcing plate. 3. The photovoltaic power generation apparatus according to claim 2, wherein said reinforcing plate is made of metal. 4. The photovoltaic power generation apparatus according to claim 2, wherein said solar cells are formed on a metal substrate. 5. The photovoltaic power generation apparatus according to claim 2, wherein said solar cells have non-crystalline semiconductor. 6. The photovoltaic power generation apparatus according to claim 2, wherein said solar cell module forms a building material. 7. A designing or installing method of a photovoltaic power generation apparatus, used in connection with a commercial AC power system, comprising a solar cell array, a non-insulated type inverter for converting direct-current electric power outputted from said solar cell array into alternating-current electric power, and an earth leakage circuit breaker provided between said non-insulated type inverter and the commercial AC power system, said method comprising the steps of: measuring or estimating stray capacitance Ca[.mu.F] of said solar cell array with respect to a ground potential; and setting circuit breaker interrupting rating EL[mA] of said earth leakage circuit breaker so that relationship of Ca<EL/3 holds. 8. A photovoltaic power generation apparatus, used in connection with a commercial AC power system, comprising a solar cell array, a non-insulated type inverter for converting direct-current electric power outputted from said solar cell array into alternating-current electric power, and an earth leakage circuit breaker provided between said non-insulated type inverter and the commercial AC power system, wherein relationship between number of solar cell modules forming said solar cell array and leak current flowing via stray capacitance of said solar cell array with respect to a ground potential is recorded in a chart used for designing or installing said photovoltaic power generation apparatus. 9. The apparatus according to claim 8, wherein the relationship between the number of the solar cell modules and the leak current is recorded, using frequency and voltage of the commercial AC power system as parameters. 10. A photovoltaic power generation apparatus, used in connection with a commercial AC power system, comprising a solar cell array, a non-insulated type inverter for converting direct-current electric power outputted from said solar cell array into alternating-current electric power, and an earth leakage circuit breaker provided between said non-insulated type inverter and the commercial AC power system, wherein relationship between rated power generation of said solar cell array and leak current flowing via stray capacitance of said solar cell array with respect to a ground potential is recorded in a chart used for designing or installing said photovoltaic power generation apparatus. 11. The apparatus according to claim 10, wherein the relationship between the rated power generation of said solar cell array and the leak current is recorded, using a type of solar cell modules forming said solar cell array as parameters. 12. The apparatus according to claim 10, wherein the relationship between the rated power generation of said solar cell array and the leak current is recorded, using frequency and voltage of the commercial AC power system as parameters. 13. A computer program product comprising a computer readable medium having computer program code, for designing or installing a photovoltaic power generation apparatus, used in connection with a commercial AC power system, comprising a solar cell array, a non-insulated type inverter for converting direct-current electric power outputted from said solar cell array into alternating-current electric power, and an earth leakage circuit breaker provided between said non-insulated type inverter and the commercial AC power system, said product comprising data which indicating relationship between number of solar cell modules forming said solar cell array and leak current flowing via stray capacitance of said solar cell array with respect to a ground potential. 14. A computer program product comprising a computer readable medium having computer program code, for designing or installing a photovoltaic power generation apparatus, used in connection with a commercial AC power system, comprising a solar cell array, a non-insulated type inverter for converting direct-current electric power outputted from said solar cell array into alternating-current electric power, and an earth leakage circuit breaker provided between said non-insulated type inverter and the commercial AC power system, said product comprising data which indicating relationship between rated power generation of said solar cell array and leak current flowing via stray capacitance of said solar cell array with respect to a ground potential. 