A reflective marker is disclosed. The marker comprises at least one rotatable reflective element contained within an interior volume of an at least partially transparent container, such that the at least one reflective element is visible from outside the container. A drive motor is provided for rotating the at least one reflective element within the container to create a visually striking appearance. The drive motor is powered by at least one rechargeable power source; a recharging device is associated with the at least one rechargeable power source and further with at least one photovoltaic cell, the recharging device operative to recharge the at least one rechargeable power source using electricity supplied by the at least one photovoltaic cell.
Claims The invention in which an exclusive property or privilege is claimed is defined as follows: 1. A reflective marker comprising: an at least partially transparent container defining an interior volume; at least one rotatable reflective element disposed within said interior volume of said container, said reflective element visible from outside said container; at least one rechargeable power source; a drive motor for rotating said rotatable reflective element within said container, said drive motor powered by said at least one rechargeable power source; at least one photovoltaic cell; and means for recharging said at least one rechargeable power source using electricity supplied by said at least one photovoltaic cell. 2. The reflective marker of claim 1, wherein said recharging means further comprise a charge controller, each of said at least one photovoltaic cell, said drive motor, and said rechargeable power source being provided in circuit with said charge controller. 3. The reflective marker of claim 1, wherein further said reflective element comprises at least one surface having reflective and non-reflective sections. 4. The reflective marker of claim 1, further comprising at least one light source operative to illuminate said reflective element, said at least one light source powered by said at least one rechargeable power source. 5. The reflective marker of claim 1, further comprising means for mounting said marker to a support structure. 6. The reflective marker of claim 1, further comprising means for mounting said marker between two or more support structures. 7. The reflective marker of claim 6, wherein said mounting means comprise at least one adapter connectable to and spanning the two or more support structures, said reflective marker connectable to said at least one adapter. 8. The reflective marker of claim 1, wherein said photovoltaic array is disposed outside of said container. 9. The reflective marker of claim 8, wherein said container includes at least one opening permitting access to said interior volume, and further including a cover for said opening, said photovoltaic array associated with said cover. 10. The reflective marker of claim 1, wherein said container includes at least one opening permitting access to said interior volume, and further including a cover for said opening, said cover comprising at least first and second mateable halves defining in the mated condition a container, wherein said drive motor and said power source are disposed within said container defined by said at least first and second mateable halves. 11. A reflective marker, comprising: an at least partially transparent container defining an interior volume; at least one rotatable reflective element disposed within said interior volume of said container; and provided in circuit: a drive motor for rotating said reflective element, at least one rechargeable power source operative to power said drive motor, at least one photovoltaic cell, and a recharging device operative to recharge said at least one power source using electricity supplied by said at least one photovoltaic cell. 12. The reflective marker of claim 11, wherein said reflective element comprises at least one surface having reflective and non-reflective sections. 13. The reflective marker of claim 12, wherein said container includes at least one opening permitting access to said interior volume, and further including a cover for said opening, said at least one photovoltaic cell associated with said cover. 14. The reflective marker of claim 13, wherein said at least one photovoltaic cell is disposed outside of said container. 15. The reflective marker of claim 14, wherein said cover comprises at least first and second mateable halves defining in the mated condition a container, wherein said drive motor. said recharging device, and said power source are all disposed within said container defined by said at least first and second mateable halves. 16. The reflective marker of claim 11, further comprising at least one light source operative to illuminate said reflective element, said at least one light source provided in said circuit so as to be powered by said at least one rechargeable power source. 17. The reflective marker of claim 11, further comprising means for mounting said marker to a support structure. 18. The reflective marker of claim 11, further comprising means for mounting said marker between two or more support structures. 19. The reflective marker of claim 18, wherein said mounting means comprise at least one adapter connectable to and spanning the two or more support structures, said reflective marker connectable to said at least one adapter. 20. The reflective marker of claim 11, wherein said container includes a transparent portion through which said reflective element is visible, and an opaque portion generally opposite said transparent portion. 