This invention relates to generally an apparatus and method for accumulating and discharging a gas under pressure or vacuum to aid the remediation of a contaminated porous medium, such as soil or both. In one aspect, a windmill, an air pump, and a linkage between the windmill and the pump to permit the windmill to drive the pump at a higher differential pressure than the dynamic pressure of the wind. A venting head connected in fluid communication with the pump for placement to interact with a porous medium to be vented at a level above the water table.
Claims We claim: 1. A bioventing apparatus, comprising: a windmill, an air pump, and a linkage between the windmill and the pump to permit the windmill to drive the pump at a higher differential pressure than the dynamic pressure of the wind; a venting head connected in fluid communication with the pump, said venting head being for placement to interact with a porous medium to be vented at a level above the water table. 2. The venting apparatus of claim 1 wherein said venting head is a vacuum extraction head and said pump is operable to draw gases into said venting head. 3. The venting apparatus of claim 1 wherein said pump is connected to force air to exit from said venting head. 4. The venting apparatus of claim 1 wherein said pump is a positive displacement pump. 5. The venting apparatus of claim 1 wherein said pump is a reciprocating pump. 6. An apparatus for establishing and relieving a partial vacuum, comprising: a reservoir in which to establish the partial vacuum, said reservoir having porting to permit gas to exit and enter said reservoir; an inlet head connected to said reservoir, said inlet head being located to draw gas from a porous medium; an inlet governor mounted to control the entry of gas into said reservoir; and a passive gas recharging system connected to said reservoir to permit reestablishment of said partial vacuum. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein said governor is operable to release pulses of gas into the reservoir. 8. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein said governor has a sensing member connected to monitor the gas in said reservoir. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein said governor is a pressure regulated valve, said valve being operable to open when the partial vacuum in said reservoir is at a low value and to close when the pressure of the partial vacuum in said reservoir rises above a higher value. 10. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein said passive gas recharging system includes a pump for drawing down the pressure in said reservoir. 11. The apparatus of claim 10 wherein said pump in the passive gas recharging system is driven by energy available from the set chosen from the following: (a) solar energy; (b) hydraulic energy; (c) wind energy; (d) geothermal energy; and (e) wave energy. 12. The apparatus of claim 10 wherein said pump is driven by a windmill. 13. The apparatus of claim 12 wherein said pump is a positive displacement pump. 14. A method of drawing a gas from a porous medium, comprising the steps of (a) developing a partial vacuum in a reservoir; (b) establishing fluid communication between the reservoir and a well head located in the porous medium; (c) drawing gas from the porous medium to at least partially relieve the vacuum; and (d) reestablishing the partial vacuum in the reservoir using a passive recharging system. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein said method includes the steps of (a)(i) monitoring the vacuum in the reservoir; (b)(i) permitting the step of drawing to occur once a set level of vacuum has been observed in the reservoir; (c)(i) allowing the pressure in reservoir to rise to a higher value; (d)(ii) impeding further increase in pressure in the reservoir once the pressure has risen to the higher value. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein said step of permitting includes regulating the flow of the gas from the porous medium with a regulator to encourage at least a portion of the drawing to occur at a constant draw rate. 17. The method of claim 14 wherein said step of using a passive gas recharging system includes (d)(i) using a pump to establish the partial vacuum in the reservoir; and (d)(ii) using a windmill to drive the pump. 18. The method of claim 14 wherein said step of drawing includes drawing said gas from the ground at a level above the height of the local water table. 19. The method of claim 14 wherein said method includes the steps of locating the well head at least partially below the water table; permitting liquid to enter the well head; and extracting liquid from the well head. 20. The method of claim 14 wherein said gas drawn from the porous medium is treated in the reservoir or a filtration bed. 21. The method of claim 20 wherein the gas is a volatile organic compound. 22. An apparatus for soil and groundwater remediation comprising: at least one windmill; an air pump driven by said at least one windmill; a reservoir connected to said air pump for drawing gas from reservoir to establish a partial vacuum; an inlet governor on said reservoir which blocks the entry of gas into said reservoir until the partial vacuum reaches a preset minimum pressure; which opens and then permits the entry of gas into said reservoir until the partial vacuum rises to preset maximum pressure, and closes at the maximum pressure; an extraction well in the ground; said inlet governor being connected to said well to permit gas to be extracted from the well; and a liquid pump driven by said at least one windmill; said liquid pump being connected to said well for drawing liquid therefrom. 23. The apparatus of claim 22 wherein a single windmill is connected to drive both said air pump and said liquid pump. 24. The apparatus of claim 23 wherein said single windmill is connected to drive one of said air pump and said liquid pump and then to drive the other. 25. The apparatus of claim 22 wherein one windmill is connected to drive said air pump and another windmill is connected to drive said liquid pump. 