A multi-purpose photovoltaic module framing system is provided which combines and integrates the framing system with the photovoltaic electrical system. The user friendly framing system is easy to install and can be directly mounted to a roof surface without auxiliary brackets and beams. The economical framing system has aesthetically pleasing frames to mechanically hold and support photovoltaic modules. The multi-purpose frames desirably have integral electrical raceways which conceal and protect most electrical components and wires. The reliable frames are specially constructed and arranged to permit easy access to output wires and do not require junction boxes. Ground clips can be directly connected to the convenient framing system.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic module framing system, comprising: an array of photovoltaic modules interconnected by electrical wires, each of said photovoltaic modules comprising a periphery and an electrical wire-enclosing assembly in the absence of an electrical junction box and flexible metal electrical conduits for supporting, enclosing and concealing a portion of electrical wires in said photovoltaic modules; said electrical wire-enclosing assembly comprising a frame positioned about the periphery of said photovoltaic module for holding said photovoltaic module; and said frame having a side rail defining an external partially enclosed electrical wire raceway for providing an access channel for holding said electrical wires interconnecting said photovoltaic modules; and said frame having at least one end rail for receiving fasteners to directly mount said photovoltaic module on a roof, wall, rack or beam. 2. A photovoltaic module framing system in accordance with claim 1 wherein said frame has portions to space said photovoltaic module above a roof so as to form a gap therebetween for channeling water, said gap further providing an air passageway for cooling said module. 3. A photovoltaic module framing system in accordance with claim 1 wherein said frame defines a cavity for providing a compartment, a cover for enclosing said compartment, said cover and said compartment cooperating with each other to define a raceway, and a terminal block positioned in said raceway. 4. A photovoltaic module framing system in accordance with claim 1 wherein said frame comprises an outboard closure for covering said side rail, said closure and said side rail cooperating with each other to define an electrical raceway therebetween for enclosing, concealing and protecting plugs, wires and output interconnections. 5. A photovoltaic module framing system, comprising: an array of photovoltaic modules interconnected by electrical wires; each of said photovoltaic modules comprising a laminate connected to said electrical wires, said laminate comprising a substrate; at least one solar cell comprising photovoltaic semiconductors; an encapsulating material for at least partially encapsulating said substrate and said solar cell; a mechanical frame for holding and directly mounting said laminate adjacent to a structure selected from the group consisting of a surface, roof, wall, rack, and beam; and said mechanical frame defining an external partially enclosed electrical raceway for providing a channel to hold said electrical wires interconnecting said photovoltaic modules. 6. A photovoltaic module framing system in accordance with claim 5 wherein said frame further defines an internal electrical raceway. 7. A photovoltaic module framing system in accordance with claim 5 wherein said solar cell is selected from the group consisting of: a single junction solar cell, a tandem solar cell, a triple junction solar cell and a multiple junction solar cell. 8. A photovoltaic module framing system comprising; an array of photovoltaic modules with overlapping side rails; said overlapping side rails having overlapping flanges with aligned bolt holes for receiving lag bolts or other fasteners to securely connect and directly mount said photovoltaic modules above a roof in order to form an air gap between the roof and said photovoltaic modules for channeling rain and water and for passing air below said photovoltaic modules to dissipate heat emitted from said photovoltaic modules; each photovoltaic module comprising a laminate; a mechanical frame for securely holding said laminate; and electrical wires connected to said laminate; said laminate comprising a light-transmissive vitreous substrate selected from the group consisting of transparent glass and translucent glass, said light-transmissive vitreous substrate having a periphery; at least one solar cell supported by said light-transmissive vitreous substrate; and an encapsulating material at least partially encapsulating and sealing said light-transmissive vitreous substrate and said solar cell, said encapsulating material being selected from the group consisting of ethylene vinyl acetate and Tedlar-type plastic; said mechanical frame comprising side rails and end rails providing end caps extending between and connected to said side rails, said end rails and said side rails cooperating with each other to form a frame with a groove for receiving said periphery of said light-transmissive vitreous substrate, and said side rails of said frame include at least one of said overlapping side rails; said overlapping side rails defining a thermal expansion side raceway between adjacent photovoltaic modules for accommodating thermal expansion of said adjacent photovoltaic modules; one of said end rails defining an internal electrical wire raceway for providing a inner channel to hold and conceal said electrical wires and defining an external partially enclosed electrical wire raceway for providing an accessible channel for holding wires extending across at least some of said photovoltaic modules; said photovoltaic modules including at least two outboard modules; and said mechanical frames of said outboard modules each having an outboard side rail positioned across from one of said overlapping side rails, and an outboard row closure for covering said outboard side rail, said outboard row closure and said outboard side rail cooperating with each other to define an outboard electrical raceway therebetween for substantially enclosing, concealing, and protecting plugs, wires, and output interconnections of a source circuit. 9. A photovoltaic module framing system in accordance with claim 8 wherein said photovoltaic modules include intermediate modules between said outboard modules. 10. A photovoltaic module framing system in accordance with claim 8 including a ground clip connecting to one of said frames for grounding said mechanical frames and covering plugs between some of said photovoltaic modules. 11. A photovoltaic module framing system in accordance with claim 8 where said overlapping side rails are selected from the group consisting of metal and plastic. 12. A photovoltaic module framing system in accordance with claim 8 wherein said outboard side rails and said overlapping side rails have an identical shape and size. 13. A photovoltaic module framing system in accordance with claim 8 wherein said solar cell comprises a crystalline wafer selected from the group consisting of silicon, CIGS, CIS, and gallium arsenide. 14. A photovoltaic module framing system in accordance with claim 8 wherein said solar cell comprises at least one thin film solar cell comprising a semiconductor selected from the group consisting of microcrystalline silicon, amorphous silicon, amorphous silicon carbon, amorphous silicon germanium, and cadmium telluride. 15. A photovoltaic module framing system in accordance with claim 8 wherein said solar cell comprises at east one thin film solar cell selected from the group consisting of an n-i-p solar cell and a p-i-n solar cell. 16. A photovoltaic module framing system in accordance with claim 8 wherein said photovoltaic modules comprise interconnected modules selected from the group consisting of series modules and parallel modules. 17. A photovoltaic module framing system in accordance with claim 8 including plug connectors for connecting said wires in said accessible outer channel, said plug connectors being accessible in said accessible channel after mechanical installation and assembly of said photovoltaic module framing system without disconnecting or disassembling said photovoltaic module framing system. 18. A photovoltaic module framing system in accordance with claim 8 wherein each module has two positive output wires and two negative output wires to allow for series and parallel connections. 19. A photovoltaic module framing system in accordance with claim 8 wherein said modules are placed and assembled together on a roof without previously assembling or connecting the modules together on the ground or at a work site. 