A method and apparatus for inspection of a substrate and a cover glass covering the substrate provides consistent detection of defects in the substrate such as cracks and cracks in the cover glass free of visual inspection of the substrate and the cover glass. An electromagnetic radiating source produces infrared radiation which illuminates the substrate and cover glass at a predetermined azimuth angle. The azimuth angle is varied such that the substrate and cover glass are illuminated at a plurality of azimuth angles. The substrate and the cover glass reflect portions of the incident electromagnetic radiation. A radiation detector collects portions of the reflected radiation and creates a plurality of images therefrom which include indicia representative of the defect in the substrate and the crack in the cover glass.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for detecting a defect in a substrate and a crack in a cover glass covering said substrate comprising: a rotatable electromagnetic radiating source spaced from said cover glass and said substrate positioned to illuminate said cover glass and said substrate with electromagnetic radiation at a preselected angle of illumination and a predetermined azimuth angle, said substrate and cover glass reflecting a portion of said electromagnetic radiation, said rotatable source configured to continuously vary said azimuth angle over a 180 degree angle while maintaining substantially constant said preselected angle of illumination such that said electromagnetic radiating source illuminates said substrate and cover glass substantially continuously at said preselected angle of illumination as said azimuth angle is varied; an electromagnetic radiation detector positioned to continually collect a portion of said reflected electromagnetic radiation as said azimuth angle is varied; and means for creating a plurality of images from said collected reflected radiation as said azimuth angle is varied, said plurality of images including indicia of said defect and said crack. 2. The apparatus as in claim 1, wherein said substrate comprises silicon solar cells, gallium arsenide solar cells, integrated circuits and energy collecting and converting devices. 3. The apparatus as in claim 1, wherein said electromagnetic radiation has a wavelength between an ultraviolet wavelength and an infrared wavelength. 4. The apparatus as in claim 1, wherein said rotatable electromagnetic radiating source comprises: a fixed ring type radiating source; and, a plate substantially opaque to electromagnetic radiation and positioned between said radiating source and said substrate, said plate having a first opening therein such that said fixed radiating source illuminates said cover glass and substrate through said first opening at said preselected angle of illumination and said predetermined azimuth angle, said plate configured to rotate 180 degrees in azimuth and substantially continuously vary said azimuth angle over a 180 degree angle while maintaining substantially constant said preselected angle of illumination. 5. The apparatus as in claim 1, wherein said rotatable radiating source comprises a first and a second radiating element, each positioned to illuminate said cover glass and substrate at the preselected illumination angle, said first and second radiating elements positioned to illuminate said cover glass and substrate from first and second azimuth angles, respectively, said first and second azimuth angles being substantially 180 degrees apart in azimuth angle. 6. The apparatus as in claim 5, wherein said first and second radiating elements are first and second coiled wires respectively. 7. The apparatus as in claim 1, further comprising: a shield located between said electromagnetic radiating source and said electromagnetic radiation detector and shielding said detector from said electromagnetic radiating source. 8. An apparatus for detecting a defect in a substrate and a crack in a cover glass covering said substrate, said apparatus comprising: a first and a second electromagnetic radiating source spaced from said substrate and positioned to illuminate said cover glass and substrate with electromagnetic radiation at a first and second preselected azimuth angles, respectively, and at a preselected angle of illumination, said first and second azimuth angles being substantially 180 degrees apart, said defect and crack scattering a portion of said electromagnetic radiation; a support structure coupled to said first and second electromagnetic radiating sources, said support structure being rotatable to continuously vary said first and second azimuth angles over a 180 degree angle such that said first and second electromagnetic radiating sources illuminate said substrate and cover glass substantially continuously at said preselected angle of illumination as said first and second azimuth angles are varied over a 180 degree azimuth angle; a electromagnetic radiation detector positioned to continually collect portions of said reflected infrared radiation and create a plurality of images as said first and second azimuth angles are varied; and, a monitor to display said plurality of images, said plurality of images including indicia representative of said defect and said crack. 9. The apparatus as in claim 8, wherein said detector is a video camera having a first spectral response, said first and second radiating sources having second and third spectral responses respectively, said first, second and third spectral responses being substantially matched. 10. The apparatus as in claim 9, wherein said first, second and third spectral responses are from an ultraviolet to an infrared wavelength. 11. A method for detecting a defect in a substrate and a crack in a cover glass over said substrate comprising the steps of: illuminating said substrate and cover glass with electromagnetic radiation at a preselected illumination angle and at an azimuth angle which is continuously varied over a 180 degree angle to substantially continuously illuminate said substrate and cover glass with electromagnetic radiation over an 180 degree angle in azimuth, said substrate and cover glass reflecting portions of said electromagnetic radiation; collecting portions of said reflected electromagnetic radiation as said substrate and cover glass are illuminated at said continuously varying azimuth angle; producing images from said collected scattered electromagnetic radiation; and, examining said images for indicia representative of said defect in said substrate and said crack in said cover glass. 12. A method for detecting a defect in a substrate including a crack in said substrate, detecting a crack in a cover glass covering said substrate and differentiating between said defect in said substrate and said crack in said cover glass, the method comprising the steps of: illuminating said substrate and cover glass with electromagnetic radiation at a preselected illumination angle and at an azimuth angle which is continuously varied over a 180 degree angle to substantially continuously illuminate said substrate and cover glass with electromagnetic radiation over an 180 degree azimuth angle, said substrate and cover glass reflecting portions of said electromagnetic radiation; collecting portions of said reflected electromagnetic radiation as said substrate and cover glass is illuminated at said continuously varying azimuth angle; producing a plurality of images from said collected electromagnetic radiation; examining said images for indicia representative of said defect in said substrate, a defect in said substrate appearing as a dark image and remaining a dark image at all azimuth angles of illumination; examining said images for indicia representative of said crack in said cover glass, said indicia having a bright intensity when said crack is illuminated at an azimuth angle approximately normal to said glass crack, said intensity fading as said azimuth angle is varied until said intensity approximately fades completely at an azimuth angle which approximately equals said glass crack; and, differentiating said defect in said substrate from said crack in said cover glass from changes in said intensity of said indicia as said azimuth angle is varied. 