A device and method permits detecting, measuring, and recording the intensity of radiation corresponding to a green plant's photoactive spectrum striking a selected site, and utilizing such information alphanumerically and graphically displaying the photoactive radiation exposure in sols incident at the site during a particular portion of a day, an entire day, a week, or an month. The photoactive radiation information provided by the invention device allows gardeners, farmers, researchers and others to match the types of trees, shrubs, crops or other plants that would grow best under the radiation conditions usually incident at the site over a desired, extended time period.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A self-contained garden dosimeter device for continuously receiving, continuously recording, and periodically displaying at a selected site the level of intensity of light radiation striking said device; comprising: a. a housing having internal and external surfaces adapted for mounting components of the device; b. a support secured to said housing for supporting said housing above ground level at said site; c. light sensing means comprising at least one light sensor means mounted to said housing and dependent on the continuing presence of light radiation within a green plant's radioactive spectrum striking said at least one light sensor means being operative to produce at least one analog output signal proportional to the level of intensity of said radiation received by said at least one light sensor means; d. optical filter means including at least one optical filter mounted on said housing and positioned outwardly of said light sensor means and operative to filter light radiation received at said site such that the light radiation transmitted by said optical filter to said at least one light sensor means is within a green plant's photoactive radiation spectrum of approximately 400 to 700 nm, and wherein said at least one filter selectively attenuates the intensity of said photoactive radiation that has a sub-optimum effect on plant growth, such that said at least one sensor output signal due to the radiation striking said sensor means mimics the green plant's growth response to the said radiation within said photoactive radiation spectrum; e. a central processing system mounted within said housing having an input and output means, said central processing system input means being connected to receive said analog output signal; f. a digital display mounted on one of said surfaces and electrically connected to said output means of said processing system, said digital display having a window for displaying the amount of said photoactive radiation passing through said at least one optical filter and striking said at least one light sensor means at said selected site; g. means connected to said central processing unit for requesting central processing unit output corresponding to the amount of photoactive radiation within a green plant's photoactive spectrum of approximately 400 to 700 nm and incident at a particular garden site as requested for presentation on said display; and h. a power source electrically coupled to said device for providing power thereto. 2. A self-contained garden dosimeter device as recited in claim 1, wherein said optical filter means comprises at least one hemispherical filter positioned outwardly of a complementary shaped hemispherical sensor, such that said at least one hemispherical filter and said hemispherical sensor receive radiation from opposing horizons. 3. A self-contained garden dosimeter device as recited in claim 1, wherein said light sensing means comprises at least two sensors, whereby the said output signal from each of said two sensors corresponds to a portion of the said plant photoactive radiation spectrum. 4. A self-contained garden dosimeter device as recited in claim 3, wherein said central processing system calculates a total output signal derived from said at least two sensor output signals. 5. A self-contained garden dosimeter device as recited in claim 1, wherein said central processing system calculates the amount of said photoactive radiation striking said sensor means and expresses said amount in sols. 6. A self-contained, garden dosimeter device as recited in claim 1, wherein said central processing system calculates the total light radiation striking said sensor means over a selected period of time and expresses said total in sols. 7. A self-contained, garden dosimeter device as recited in claim 1, wherein said central processing system calculates the average light radiation striking said sensor means over a selected period of time and expresses said average in units equivalent to a foot-candle level over a prescribed amount of time. 8. A self-contained, garden dosimeter device as recited in claim 1, wherein said photoactive radiation is displayed in units equivalent to foot-candle levels over a prescribed amount of time. 9. A self-contained, garden dosimeter device as recited in claim 1, wherein said photoactive radiation is displayed in sols. 10. A self-contained garden dosimeter device as recited in claim 1, wherein said output is displayed in units defined as sols. 11. A self-contained, garden dosimeter device as recited in claim 1, wherein said display further comprises: (i) a first section for displaying at least one date; (ii) a second section for displaying a time interval in a selected day; (iii) a third section for displaying the amount of light radiation striking said sensor at a selected time; and (iv) a fourth section of menu items comprising, time set menu selection, current radiation, selection menu, p.m. menu selection, a.m. menu selection, day menu selection, and maximum radiation menu selection. 12. A self-contained, garden dosimeter device as recited in claim 1, wherein said power source comprises a solar panel connected to a rechargeable battery to restore energy to said rechargeable battery. 13. A method for selecting plants for a particular garden site comprising the steps of: providing a self-contained dosimeter having at least one filter means, a sensing means comprised of at least one light sensor, a central processing system, and a display; placing said dosimeter at a selected garden site; energizing said dosimeter, said dosimeter detecting the amount of photoactive radiation striking said filter and sensing means and storing such amount in said central processing system, and upon request by a user displaying the amount of said photoactive radiation striking said filter and sensing means in standardized units of radiation. 14. A method for selecting plants for a particular garden site as recited in claim 13, further including the step of providing a reference containing a list of optimum photoactive light requirements for various plants expressed in standardized units of radiation. 15. A method for selecting plants for a particular garden site as recited in claim 13, further including the steps of providing labels attached to plant products indicating to consumers approximately the optimum amount of photoactive radiation expressed in said units as required by specific plant products. 16. A method for selecting plants for a particular garden site as recited in claim 13, wherein said standardized units of radiation are expressed as sols. 17. A method for selecting plants for a particular garden site as recited in claim 14, wherein said standardized units of radiation is expressed as sols. 18. A method for selecting plants for a particular garden site as recited in claim 13, further comprising calculating the average light radiation striking said filter and sensor means over a selected period of time, and displaying said average in standardized units on said display. 19. A method for selecting plants for a particular garden site as recited in claim 13, further comprising calculating the total light radiation striking said filter and sensor means over a selected period of time, and displaying said total in standardized units on said display. 20. A method for selecting plants for a particular garden site as recited in claim 19, wherein said units are defined as sols. 21. A self-contained garden dosimeter device for continuously receiving, continuously recording, and periodically displaying at a selected site the level of intensity of light radiation striking said device; comprising: a. a housing having internal and external surfaces adapted for mounting components of the device; b. a support secured to said housing for supporting said housing above ground level at said site; c. light sensing means comprising at least one light sensor means mounted to said housing and dependent on the continuing presence of light radiation within a green plant's radioactive spectrum striking said at least one light sensor means being operative to produce at least one analog output signal proportional to the level of intensity of said radiation received by said at least one light sensor means; d. optical filter means including at least one optical filter mounted on said housing and positioned outwardly of said light sensor means and operative to filter light radiation received at said site such that the light radiation transmitted by said optical filter to said at least one light sensor means is within a green plant's photoactive radiation spectrum of approximately 400 to 700 nm; e. a central processing system mounted within said housing having an input and output means, said central processing system input means being connected to receive said analog output signal from said light sensing means; f. a data storage device for storing data corresponding to the amount of said photoactive radiation striking said at least one sensor means at said selected site; g. a digital display mounted on one of said surfaces and electrically connected to said output means of said processing system, said digital display having a window for displaying the amount of said photoactive radiation passing through said at least one optical filter and striking said at least one light sensor means at said selected site; h. means connected to said storage device for requesting data corresponding to the amount of photoactive radiation within a green plant's photoactive spectrum of approximately 400 to 700 nm incident at a particular garden site at a time preceding such request, and for displaying said requested amount on said digital display; and i. a power source electrically coupled to said device for providing power thereto. 