A method for fabricating a microelectronics fabrication. There is first provided a substrate employed within a microelectronics fabrication. There is then formed over the substrate a planarizable layer. The planarizable layer has a lower residual portion of the planarizable layer and an upper removable portion of the planarizable layer, where one of the lower residual portion of the planarizable layer and the upper removable portion of the planarizable layer has a colorant incorporated therein. The colorant is positioned at a location which assists in monitoring and controlling an endpoint of a chemical mechanical polish (CMP) planarizing method employed in planarizing the planarizable layer. There is then planarized through the chemical mechanical polish (CMP) planarizing method the planarizable layer while employing the colorant concentration to determine the endpoint of the chemical mechanical polish (CMP) planarizing method.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for fabricating a microelectronics fabrication comprising: providing a substrate employed within a microelectronics fabrication; forming over the substrate a planarizable layer, the planarizable layer having a lower residual portion of the planarizable layer closer to the substrate and an upper removable portion of the planarizable layer further spaced from the substrate, where one of the lower residual portion of the planarizable layer and the upper removable portion of the planarizable layer has a colorant incorporated therein, the colorant being positioned at a location which assists in monitoring and controlling an endpoint of a chemical mechanical polish (CMP) planarizing method employed in planarizing the planarizable layer; and planarizing through the chemical mechanical polish (CMP) planarizing method the planarizable layer while employing the colorant concentration to monitor and control the endpoint of the chemical mechanical polish (CMP) planarizing method. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the microelectronics fabrication is chosen from the group of microelectronics fabrications consisting of integrated circuit microelectronics fabrications, solar cell microelectronics fabrications, ceramic packaging microelectronics fabrications and flat panel display microelectronics fabrications. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the planarizable layer is chosen from the group of planarizable layers consisting of planarizable conductor layers, planarizable semiconductor layers and planarizable insulator layers. 4. A microelectronics fabrication having fabricated therein a planarized planarizable layer formed in accord with the method of claim 1. 5. A method for fabricating an integrated circuit microelectronics fabrication comprising: providing a semiconductor substrate employed within an integrated circuit microelectronics fabrication; forming over the semiconductor substrate a planarizable layer, the planarizable layer having a lower residual portion of the planarizable layer closer to the semiconductor substrate and an upper removable portion of the planarizable layer further spaced from the semiconductor substrate, where one of the lower residual portion of the planarizable layer and the upper removable portion of the planarizable layer has a colorant incorporated therein, the colorant being positioned at a location which assists in monitoring and controlling an endpoint of a chemical mechanical polish (CMP) planarizing method employed in planarizing the planarizable layer; and planarizing through the chemical mechanical polish (CMP) planarizing method the planarizable layer while employing the colorant concentration to monitor and control the endpoint of the chemical mechanical polish (CMP) planarizing method. 6. The method of claim 5 wherein the planarizable layer is chosen from the group of planarizable layers consisting of planarizable conductor layers, planarizable semiconductor layers and planarizable insulator layers. 7. An integrated circuit microelectronics fabrication having fabricated therein a planarized planarizable layer formed in accord with the method of claim 6. 8. A method for fabricating an integrated circuit microelectronics fabrication comprising: providing a semiconductor substrate employed within an integrated circuit microelectronics fabrication; forming over the substrate a planarizable dielectric layer, the planarizable dielectric layer having a lower residual portion of the planarizable dielectric layer closer to the semiconductor substrate and an upper removable portion of the planarizable dielectric layer further spaced from the semiconductor substrate, where one of the lower residual portion of the planarizable dielectric layer and the upper removable portion of the planarizable dielectric layer has a colorant incorporated therein, the colorant being positioned at a location which assists in monitoring and controlling an endpoint of a chemical mechanical polish (CMP) planarizing method employed in planarizing the planarizable dielectric layer; and planarizing through the chemical mechanical polish (CMP) planarizing method the planarizable dielectric layer while employing the colorant concentration to monitor and control the endpoint of the chemical mechanical polish (CMP) planarizing method. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein the planarizable dielectric layer is chosen from the group of planarizable dielectric layers consisting of planarizable silicon oxide dielectric layers, planarizable silicon nitride dielectric layers and planarizable silicon oxynitride dielectric layers. 10. The method of claim 8 wherein the planarizable dielectric layer is a planarizable silicon oxide dielectric layer. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein the colorant is chosen from the group of colorant materials consisting of organic azo dye colorant materials. 12. The method of claim 11 wherein the colorant is incorporated into the upper removable portion of the planarizable dielectric layer. 13. The method of claim 12 wherein the colorant concentration is monitored within the chemical mechanical polish (CMP) slurry residue. 14. An integrated circuit microelectronics fabrication having incorporated therein a planarized dielectric layer formed in accord with the method of claim 8. 