An installation for in situ monitoring the quality of a habitat of aquatic organisms with minimal disturbance to the aquatic organisms. In a first aspect of the present invention, the monitoring installation uses invertebrate sentinel species such as mussels, clams, oysters and scallops. The monitoring installation comprises broadly, a buoy; a mooring and a monitoring apparatus comprising; a framework having an upper end connected to the buoy and a lower end connected to the mooring. There is also provided a camera attached to the framework. The camera is adapted for underwater operation and has image data generating and transmitting capabilities for transmitting a number of images to a remote receiver. A support structure is detachably mounted to the framework and has rotary retainers for movably supporting one or more socks of mollusks in front of the camera.
Claims We claim: 1. An apparatus for in situ monitoring a quality of habitat of aquatic organisms, comprising: a framework having an upper end connectable to a buoy and a lower end connectable to a mooring, a camera attached to said framework, said camera being adapted for underwater operation and having data storage capabilities for registering a number of images; instrumentation also attached to said framework and containing instruments relative to characteristics of said body of water and a power supply means connected to said instruments for operating said instruments; and a support structure mounted on said framework and extending in front of said camera, said support structure comprising a pair of spaced apart telescopic arms extending away from said camera, and a frame affixed to said telescopic arms, said frame having means for defining a plane perpendicular to a line of sight of said camera, and means for supporting an aquatic organism specimen in front of said camera; such that said framework is submersible at a set depth in a body of water and a behaviour of an aquatic organism specimen is observable by said camera when said apparatus is adapted to be submerged in said body of water, and said aquatic organism specimen is attached to said support structure. 2. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein said frame is a rectangular frame. 3. The apparatus as claimed in claim 2, wherein said telescopic arms have clevises, and said clevises have means for pivotally and detachably retaining said rectangular frame to said telescopic arms. 4. The apparatus as claimed in claim 2 wherein said means for supporting an aquatic organism specimen in front of said camera comprises an upper and lower rotary retainers mounted on said rectangular frame for adjustably retaining an aquatic organism specimen to said rectangular frame. 5. An installation for in situ monitoring a quality of habitat of aquatic organisms in a body of water, comprising: a buoy floating on said body of water; a mooring resting on a bottom surface of said body of water; and a monitoring apparatus comprising: a framework being submersed in said body of water, and having an upper end connected to said buoy and a lower end connected to said mooring; a camera attached to said framework, said camera being adapted for underwater operation and having data storage capabilities for registering a number of images; instrumentation also attached to said framework, said instrumentation containing instruments relative to characteristics of said body of water and a power supply means connected to said instruments for operating said instruments; and a support structure mounted to said framework and extending in front of said camera, said structure having means for supporting an aquatic organism specimen in front of said camera; such that a behaviour of an aquatic organism specimen is observable and registrable by said camera for interpretation relative to said quality of habitat. 6. The installation as claimed in claim 5, wherein said means for supporting an aquatic organism specimen in front of said camera comprises means for supporting a sock of mollusks. 7. The installation as claimed in claim 6, wherein said support structure comprises a pair of spaced apart telescopic arms extending away from said camera, and a rectangular frame affixed to said telescopic arms and defining a plane perpendicular to a line of sight of said camera. 8. The installation as claimed in claim 7, wherein said telescopic arms have means for detachably retaining said rectangular frame thereto. 9. The installation as claimed in claim 7 wherein said anchor means comprises an upper and lower rotary retainers mounted on said rectangular frame for adjustably retaining a sock of mollusks in front of said camera. 10. The installation as claimed in claim 9, further comprising a first light for illuminating an aquatic specimens during an operation of said camera. 11. The installation as claimed in claim 5, wherein said monitoring apparatus also comprises a rudder affixed thereto. 12. The installation as claimed in claim 5, further comprising: a first light mounted to said framework and oriented to emit light toward said means for supporting an aquatic organism specimen in front of said camera, for lighting an aquatic organism specimen during an operation of said camera; and a second light mounted to said support structure and oriented to emit light in a direction perpendicular to a line of sight of said camera during an operation of said camera, for creating reflections on suspended particles near said means for supporting an aquatic organism specimen in front of said camera, and causing said particles to become visible to said camera, such that a floc dynamic of a submarine region is observable by said camera together with a behaviour of an aquatic organism specimen exposed to conditions of said submarine region. 13. The installation as claimed in claim 12, wherein said second light has means for emitting a collimated light beam having a nominal height and nominal thickness relative to a sight of said camera. 14. The installation as claimed in claim 13 wherein said rectangular frame further comprises a pair of spaced apart parallel wires attached thereto and being oriented perpendicularly to said beam of light and defining a nominal longitudinal segment of said beam of light relative to said sight of said camera. 15. The installation as claimed in claim 14, wherein said first and second lights have means for emitting red light. 16. The installation as claimed in claim 5, wherein said camera also has means for generating digital images, and said buoy comprises transmitter means mounted therein and being connected to said means for generating digital images, for transmitting digital images of a behaviour of an aquatic organism specimen observed by said camera, to a remote location. 17. The installation as claimed in claim 16, wherein said framework comprises means for detachably supporting said support structure thereto. 18. The installation as claimed in claim 17, wherein said buoy further comprises a solar panel, a battery charger connected to said solar panel, and a battery connected to said battery charger, to said camera and to said transmitter means. 19. A method for defining an activity index representative of a behaviour of mollusks in a body of water; comprising the steps of: observing, using a camera, a plurality of mollusk specimens in a body of water; observing a shell gape, mantle extension and mantle position of said plurality of mollusk specimens, from an image generated by said camera; assigning a shell gape first number to an observed shell gape in a closed position; a shell gape second number, larger than said shell gape first number, to an observed shell gape in a slit position; a shell gape third number, larger than said shell gape second number, to an observed shell gape in a half open position, a shell gape fourth number larger than said shell gape third number, to an observed shell gape in an open position; assigning a mantle state first number to an observed mantle in a retracted state; a mantle state second number, larger than said mantle state first number, to an observed mantle in a half retracted state, a mantle state third number, larger than said mantle state second number, to an observed mantle in a full state, and a mantle state fourth number, larger than said mantle state third number, to an observed mantle in an extended state; assigning a mantle position first number to an observed meshed mantle position, and a mantle position second number, larger than said mantle position first number, to an observed open mantle position; and adding said shell gape first, second, third and fourth numbers; said mantle state first, second, third, fourth numbers; said mantle position first and second numbers to one another for said observed image. 20. The method as claimed in claim 19 wherein said plurality of mollusk specimens comprises between about 10 to about 25 specimens. 