A condenser of solar energy on a moving structure, with east-west solar tracking and a modular liquid lens, the former consisting of a system capable of concentrating the solar energy by the incorporation of one or several modular liquid lenses, and the latter comprised by the connection of different transparent lenticular recipients, capacitated for installation on a metallic structure of spherical or cylindrical shape which, by means of the action of a divergent lens and a liquid prism transmits the heat to the fluid in a primary circuit which by means of a heat exchanger provides the temperature necessary for the different energy uses.
Claims I claim: 1. A modular liquid lens for condensing solar energy, said lens comprising lenticular recipients having shapes and dimensions for providing a reduced focus of solar flux corresponding to large surface areas, said lenticular recipients being transparent and susceptible to molding and containing in their interior a refracting fluid, wherein the modular lens can have a convergent or divergent shape, wherein the modular lens is placed on a moving solar tracking structure and wherein the modular lens is formed by connecting a plurality of full or partial toric bodies of revolution generated by a section of the lenticular recipients, engendered by the surface area comprised between the intersection of two nonconcentric circles turning on the axis of an exterior circle, said circles being extendible when the interior circle is substituted by a straight or broken line turning on the axis of the exterior circle. 2. A modular liquid lens for condensing solar energy, said lens comprising lenticular recipients having shapes and dimensions for providing a reduced focus of solar flux corresponding to large surface areas, said lenticular recipients being transparent and susceptible to molding and containing in their interior a refracting fluid, wherein said fluid can withstand the climatological condition to which it will be subjected, wherein the modular lens can have a convergent or divergent shape, and wherein the modular lens can be placed on a moving solar tracking structure or a fixed structure without solar tracking. 3. A condenser of solar energy on a moving structure, provided with one or several modular liquid lenses, concentrators of solar rays, being provided in their interior with a divergent lens which intercepts the light source and converts it into a beam of parallel rays which impinge upon a liquid prism which refracts the beam towards an absorbent which heats up and cedes the energy to the fluid which circulates through a primary circuit which, by means of an exchanger, transmits the heat to the secondary fluid, evaporating it at high pressure and temperature for its energy application, and being provided with a sliding rail along which the assembly formed by the prism and the divergent lens moves, tracking the light source by means of the action of an appropriate tracking system. 4. A condenser of solar energy, in accordance with claim 3, wherein the absorber comprises a vacuum chamber which surrounds it; and at least one selective window in communication with the interior of the absorber, permitting the passing of the light beam which comes from the liquid prism. 5. A condenser of solar energy on a moving structure, in accordance with claim 3 or 4, wherein said condenser is able to perform a turning movement tracking the solar trajectory, by means of the incorporation of turning elements. 6. A modular liquid lens for condensing solar energy, said lens comprising lenticular recipients having shapes and dimensions for providing a reduced focus of solar flux corresponding to large surface areas, said lenticular recipients being transparent and susceptible to molding and containing in their interior a refracting fluid, wherein the modular lens is coupled to a moving solar tracking structure and has a partially developed toric shape having a wide angle capacity and wherein the modular lens can be placed in the moving solar tracking structure or a fixed structure without solar tracking. 7. A modular liquid lens for condensing solar energy, said lens comprising lenticular recipients having shapes and dimensions for providing a reduced focus of solar flux corresponding to large surface areas, said lenticular recipients being transparent and susceptible to molding, said lenticular recipient being made from a material selected from the materials consisting of glass, organic plastics and inorganic materials, wherein said lenticular recipients contain in their interior a refracting fluid, wherein the modular lens comprise a convergent or divergent shape and a plan shape selected from the group of shapes consisting of circular, polygonal, elliptic and parabolic shapes, and wherein the modular lens can be placed on a moving solar tracking structure or a fixed structure without solar tracking. 8. A modular liquid lens for condensing solar energy, said lens comprising lenticular recipients having shapes and dimensions for providing a reduced focus of solar flux corresponding to large surface areas, said lenticular recipients being transparent and susceptible to molding and containing in their interior a refracting fluid, wherein said recipients define a central lenticular disc and several lenticular crowns which surround said disc forming a dome shaped structure, wherein the modular lens can have a convergent or divergent shape, and wherein the modular lens can be placed on a moving solar tracking structure or a fixed structure. 9. A modular liquid lens for condensing solar energy comprising: a plurality of lenticular recipients arranged to form the lens having a toric shaped outer surface; and a refractory within each of the lenticular lens. 10. A modular liquid lens in accordance with claim 9, wherein the lenticular recipients are subdivided horizontally, vertically or transversely in their interior in order to be filled or emptied simultaneously or alternatively with the refracting fluid according to the needs of obtaining different focal distances with the same lens, said recipients being provided with the necessary orifices and connections in their faces. 11. A modular liquid lens in accordance with claim 9, wherein the color and texture of the lenticular recipients permit the concentration of solar light with the maximum efficiency, and wherein it is possible to incorporate any material, product or antireflective device, both on the surface and within the refracting fluid. 12. A modular liquid lens in accordance with claim 9, further comprising fastening and hinging elements to facilitate static and dynamic harnessing of the solar flux. 13. A modular liquid lens in accordance with claim 9, wherein the lenticular recipients are subdivided horizontally. 14. A modular liquid lens in accordance with claim 9, wherein the refracting fluid comprises a fluid selected from the group of fluids consisting of gas, water, semiliquid and solidifiable fluids. 15. A modular liquid lens, condenser of solar energy, in accordance with claim 9 comprising a series of recipients which form a central lenticular disc and several lenticular crowns which surround it, all of them assembled together by means of the provision of a reticular structure which gives it a spherical or cylindrical form, conforming it as a dome or vault respectively. 16. A modular liquid lens as recited in claim 9 wherein the lenticular recipients define at least a partial toric body of revolution. 17. A modular liquid lens as recited in claim 9 wherein the fluid is a fluid capable of withstanding a wide range of climatic conditions. 18. A modular liquid lens as recited in claim 9 wherein the lenticular recipients form a wide angle modular lens for mounting on a electromechanical solar tracking equipment. 