A roof member includes a solar battery module in which a solar battery element is fixed on a backing, with two opposite sides of the backing of the solar battery module bent to form an eaves-side connecting portion and a ridge-side connecting portion, and wherein the ridge-side connecting portion is open on the front surface side of roof member, and electrical wiring is provided in the ridge-side connecting portion. A plurality of such roof members are horizontally connected with each other by a joint drip plate, and a joint cover and wires of the respective roof members are connected with each other in the ridge-side connection portion. The eaves-side connecting portion and the ridge-side connecting portion of the respective roof members are seam-jointed with each other, and wires of the respective roof members are connected with each other in the ridge-side connecting portion.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar battery module comprising: a solar battery; a support, on which said solar battery is mounted, having first and second connecting portions at opposing sides for connecting adjacent solar battery modules, with said first connecting portion bent to form a space on a light-receiving surface, the space having an opening to permit electrical wiring for electrical connection to be inserted and removed in the direction perpendicular to a bent side of said first connecting portion, and said second connecting portion bent to a surface opposite to the light-receiving surface; and electrical wiring for electrical connection provided in the space. 2. A solar battery module according to claim 1, said solar battery module having a backing, a filling material, a solar battery element, a surface film, and an output drawing portion. 3. A solar battery module according to claim 2, wherein said output drawing portion is provided in said first connecting portion. 4. A solar battery module according to claim 2, wherein said output drawing portion is provided on a back surface of said backing. 5. A solar battery module according to claim 4, wherein said second connecting portion has a through hole for letting a wire from said output drawing portion pass, and wherein said first connecting portion has a notch for letting a wire from another solar battery module adjacent to said first connecting portion pass. 6. A solar battery module according to claim 5, wherein the through hole is sealed by a sealant. 7. A solar battery module according to claim 2, wherein said solar battery element is an amorphous silicon solar cell. 8. A solar battery module according to claim 7, wherein said amorphous silicon solar cell has at least a substrate, a metal layer, a semiconductor layer, a transparent electrode, and a collector electrode. 9. A solar battery module according to claim 2, wherein said solar battery element contains germanium and/or carbon. 10. A solar battery module according to claim 2, wherein said backing is a metal plate. 11. A solar battery module according to claim 1, further comprising a cover for covering an opening of said first connecting portion. 12. A solar battery module according to claim 2, wherein an inside of said output drawing portion is filled with an electric insulator. 13. A solar battery module according to claim 2, further comprising an electric insulator between said backing and said solar battery element. 14. A solar battery module according to claim 1, wherein an inside or a surface of said filling material has a nonwoven glass fabric. 15. A roof member comprising: a solar battery; a support, on which said solar battery is mounted, having first and second connecting portions at opposing sides for connecting adjacent solar battery modules, with said first connecting portion bent to form a space on a light-receiving surface, the space having an opening to permit electrical wiring for electrical connection to be inserted and removed in the direction perpendicular to a bent side of said first connecting portion, and said second connecting portion bent to a surface opposite to the light-receiving surface; and electrical wiring for electrical connection provided in the space, wherein said first connecting portion of said support is connectable to a second connecting portion of an adjacent roof member. 16. A roof member according to claim 15, said solar battery module having a backing, a filling material, a solar battery element, a surface film, and an output drawing portion. 17. A roof member according to claim 16, wherein said output drawing portion is provided in said first connecting portion. 18. A roof member according to claim 16, wherein said output drawing portion is provided on a back surface of said backing. 19. A roof member according to claim 18, wherein said second connecting portion has a through hole for letting a wire from said output drawing portion pass and wherein said first connecting portion has a notch for letting a wire from another solar battery module adjacent to said first connecting portion pass. 20. A roof member according to claim 19, wherein the through hole is sealed by a sealant. 21. A roof member according to claim 16, wherein said solar battery element is an amorphous silicon solar cell. 22. A roof member according to claim 21, wherein said amorphous silicon solar cell has at least a substrate, a metal layer, a semiconductor layer, a transparent electrode, and a collector electrode. 23. A roof member according to claim 16, wherein said solar battery element contains germanium and/or carbon. 24. A roof member according to claim 16, wherein said backing is a metal plate. 25. A roof member according to claim 15, further comprising a cover for covering an opening of said first connecting portion. 26. A roof member according to claim 16, wherein an inside of said output drawing portion is filled with an electric insulator. 27. A roof member according to claim 15, further comprising an electric insulator between said backing and said solar battery element. 28. A roof member according to claim 15, wherein an inside or a surface of said filling material has a nonwoven glass fabric. 29. A method of mounting a roof member having a solar battery element and first and second connecting portions, with the first connecting portion bent to form a space on a light-receiving surface of the roof member, the space having an opening to permit electrical wiring for electrical connection to be inserted and removed in the direction perpendicular to a bent side of said first connecting portion, and the second connecting portion bent toward a surface opposite to the light-receiving surface so as to be able to connect edge portions of adjacent roof members to each other, the method comprising the steps of: positioning the first connecting portion on a ridge-side of the roof member; positioning the second connecting portion on an eaves-side of the roof opposite to the ridge-side to connect an adjacent roof member; and placing electrical wiring for an electrical connection in the space. 30. A roof comprising: a plurality of roof members each comprising a solar battery element and first and second connecting portions opposingly provided so as to be able to connect edge portions of adjacent roof member to each other, with said first connecting portions bent to form a space on a light-receiving surface, the space having an opening to permit electrical wiring for electrical connection to be inserted and removed in the direction perpendicular to a bent side of said first connecting portion, and said second connecting portion bent on a surface opposite to the light-receiving surface; an electrical wiring for electrical connection provided in the space, wherein said first connecting portion of a first roof member in which said electrical wiring is provided in the space is placed on a ridge side, and wherein said second connecting portion of a second roof member is placed on an eaves side to connect said first and second roof members to each other; and a joint cover to house the electrical wiring in the space. 31. A roof according to claim 30, said solar battery module having a backing, a filling material, a solar battery element, a surface film, and an output drawing portion. 32. A roof according to claim 31, wherein said output drawing portion is provided in said ridge-side connecting portion. 33. A roof according to claim 31, wherein said output drawing portion is provided on a back surface of said backing. 34. A roof according to claim 33, wherein said eaves-side connecting portion has a through hole for letting a wire from said output drawing portion pass and wherein said ridge-side connecting portion has a notch for letting a wire from another solar battery module adjacent on said ridge-side pass. 35. A roof according to claim 34, wherein said through hole is sealed by a sealant. 36. A roof according to claim 31, wherein said solar battery element is an amorphous silicon solar cell. 37. A roof according to claim 36, wherein said amorphous silicon solar cell has at least a substrate, a metal layer, a semiconductor layer, a transparent electrode, and a collector electrode. 38. A roof according to claim 31, wherein said solar battery element contains germanium and/or carbon. 39. A roof according to claim 31, wherein said backing is a metal plate. 40. A roof according to claim 30, further comprising a cover for covering an opening of said ridge-side connecting portion. 41. A roof according to claim 31, wherein an inside of said output drawing portion is filled with an electric insulator. 42. A roof according to claim 30, further comprising an electric insulator between said backing and said solar battery element. 43. A roof according to claim 30, wherein an inside or a surface of said filling material has a nonwoven glass fabric. 44. A solar battery module comprising: a solar battery; a support, on which said solar battery is mounted, having first and second connecting portions at opposing sides for connecting adjacent solar battery modules, with said first connecting portion bent to form a space on a light-receiving surface, the space having an opening for wiring in the direction perpendicular to a bent side of said first connecting portion, and said second connecting portion bent to a surface opposite to the light-receiving surface; and electrical wiring for electrical connection provided in the space. 45. A solar battery module according to claim 44, said solar battery module having a backing, a filling material, a solar battery element, a surface film, and an output drawing portion. 46. A solar battery module according to claim 45, wherein said output drawing portion is provided in said first connecting portion. 47. A solar battery module according to claim 45, wherein said output drawing portion is provided on a back surface of said backing. 48. A solar battery module according to claim 47, wherein said second connecting portion has a through hole for letting a wire from said output drawing portion pass, and wherein said first connecting portion has a notch for letting a wire from another solar battery module adjacent to said first connecting portion pass. 49. A solar battery module according to claim 48, wherein the through hole is sealed by a sealant. 50. A solar battery module according to claim 45, wherein said solar battery element is an amorphous silicon solar cell. 51. A solar battery module according to claim 50, wherein said amorphous silicon solar cell has at least a substrate, a metal layer, a semiconductor layer, a transparent electrode, and a collector electrode. 52. A solar battery module according to claim 45, wherein said solar battery element contains germanium and/or carbon. 53. A solar battery module according to claim 45, wherein said backing is a metal plate. 54. A solar battery module according to claim 44, further comprising a cover for covering an opening of said first connecting portion. 55. A solar battery module according to claim 45, wherein an inside of said output drawing portion is filled with an electric insulator. 56. A solar battery module according to claim 45, further comprising an electric insulator between said backing and said solar battery element. 57. A solar battery module according to claim 44, wherein an inside or a surface of said filling material has a nonwoven glass fabric. 58. A roof member comprising: a solar battery; a support, on which said solar battery is mounted, having first and second connecting portions at opposing sides for connecting adjacent solar battery modules, with said first connecting portion bent to form a space on a light-receiving surface, the space having an opening for wiring in the direction perpendicular to a bent side of said first connecting portion, and said second connecting portion bent to a surface opposite to the light-receiving surface; and electrical wiring for electrical connection provided in the space, wherein said first connecting portion of said support is connectable to a second connecting portion of an adjacent roof member. 59. A roof member according to claim 58, said solar battery module having a backing, a filling material, a solar battery element, a surface film, and an output drawing portion. 60. A roof member according to claim 59, wherein said output drawing portion is provided in said first connecting portion. 61. A roof member according to claim 59, wherein said output drawing portion is provided on a back surface of said backing. 62. A roof member according to claim 61, wherein said second connecting portion has a through hole for letting a wire from said output drawing portion pass, and wherein said first connecting portion has a notch for letting a wire from another solar battery module adjacent to said first connecting portion pass. 63. A roof member according to claim 62, wherein the through hole is sealed by a sealant. 64. A roof member according to claim 59, wherein said solar battery element is an amorphous silicon solar cell. 65. A roof member according to claim 64, wherein said amorphous silicon solar cell has at least a substrate, a metal layer, a semiconductor layer, a transparent electrode, and a collector electrode. 66. A roof member according to claim 59, wherein said solar battery element contains germanium and/or carbon. 67. A roof member according to claim 59, wherein said backing is a metal plate. 68. A roof member according to claim 58, further comprising a cover for covering an opening of said first connecting portion. 69. A roof member according to claim 59, wherein an inside of said output drawing portion is filled with an electric insulator. 70. A roof member according to claim 58, further comprising an electric insulator between said backing and said solar battery element. 71. A roof member according to claim 58, wherein an inside or a surface of said filling material has a nonwoven glass fabric. 72. A method of mounting a roof member having a solar battery element and first and second connecting portions, with the first connecting portion bent to form a space on a light-receiving surface of the roof member, the space having an opening for wiring in the direction perpendicular to a bent side of said first connecting portion, and the second connecting portion bent toward a surface opposite to the light-receiving surface so as to be able to connect edge portions of adjacent roof members to each other, the method comprising the steps of: positioning the first connecting portion on a ridge-side of the roof member; positioning the second connecting portion on an eaves-side of the roof opposite to the ridge-side to connect an adjacent roof member; and placing electrical wiring for an electrical connection in the space. 73. A roof comprising: a plurality of roof members each comprising a solar battery element and first and second connecting portions opposingly provided so as to be able to connect edge portions of adjacent roof members to each other, with said first connecting portions bent to form a space on a light-receiving surface, the space having an opening for wiring in the direction perpendicular to a bent side of said first connecting portion, and said second connecting portion bent on a surface opposite to the light-receiving surface; an electrical wiring for electrical connection provided in the space, wherein said first connecting portion of a first roof member in which said electrical wiring is provided in the space is placed on a ridge side, and wherein said second connecting portion of a second roof member is placed on an eaves side to connect said first and second roof members to each other; and a joint cover to house the electrical wiring in the space. 74. A roof according to claim 73, said solar battery module having a backing, a filling material, a solar battery element, a surface film, and an output drawing portion. 75. A roof according to claim 74, wherein said output drawing portion is provided in said ridge-side connecting portion. 76. A roof according to claim 74, wherein said output drawing portion is provided on a back surface of said backing. 77. A roof according to claim 76, wherein said eaves-side connecting portion has a through hole for letting a wire from said output drawing portion pass and wherein said ridge-side connecting portion has a notch for letting a wire from another solar battery module adjacent on said ridge-side pass. 78. A roof according to claim 77, wherein said through hole is sealed by a sealant. 79. A roof according to claim 74, wherein said solar battery element is an amorphous silicon solar cell. 80. A roof according to claim 79, wherein said amorphous silicon solar cell has at least a substrate, a metal layer, a semiconductor layer, a transparent electrode, and a collector electrode. 81. A roof according to claim 74, wherein said solar battery element contains germanium and/or carbon. 82. A roof according to claim 74, wherein said backing is a metal plate. 83. A roof according to claim 73, further comprising a cover for covering an opening of said ridge-side connecting portion. 84. A roof according to claim 74, wherein an inside of said output drawing portion is filled with an electric insulator. 85. A roof according to claim 73, further comprising an electric insulator between said backing and said solar battery element. 86. A roof according to claim 73, wherein an inside or a surface of said filling material has a nonwoven glass fabric. 