A solar energy collection system which includes n groups (13, 14) of arrayed reflectors (15) and n+1 target receiver systems (10, 11, 12) which represent absorbing surfaces to solar radiation that is reflected by the reflectors (15). The receiver systems (10, 11, 12) are elevated relative to the reflectors (15) and the reflectors are pivotally mounted to support structures (19) in a manner such that they may be positioned angularly to reflect incident radiation (I.sub.1, I.sub.2) toward one or the other of the receiver systems (10, 11, 12). The collector system is characterized in that a majority at least of the reflectors (15) within each group (13, 14) are arranged to be driven simultaneously to pivot through the same angle (.o slashed.), in that the reflectors (15) within each group (13, 14) are arrayed in two sub-groups (21 and 22), and in that a majority at least of the reflectors (15) within the respective sub-group (21 and 22) are oriented permanently toward respective ones of the receiver systems (10, 11, 12).
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy collector system which includes: a group of reflectors arranged in parallel rows, the reflectors being supported at least at ground level; two spaced-apart target receiver systems located one at each end of the group of reflectors, the receiver systems being supported above ground level and being elevated relative to the group of reflectors; support structures pivotally mounting the reflectors, with some reflectors being permanently oriented angularly to reflect incident solar radiation toward one of the receiver systems and other of the reflectors being permanently orientated angularly to reflect incident solar radiation to the other of the receiver systems; the reflectors in the group being arranged in two sub-groups with a majority of the reflectors in each of the sub-groups being orientated permanently toward a respective one of the receiver systems; and a drive means imparting pivotal movement to the reflectors; wherein the drive means imparts pivotal movement to at least a majority of the reflectors in the group substantially simultaneously through the same angle to maintain reflection of incident solar radiation toward the receiver systems. 2. The collector system as claimed in claim 1, wherein drive means are provided for individually driving the reflectors within the respective sub-groups through substantially the same angle. 3. The collector system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the reflectors within the respective sub-groups are linked mechanically and wherein drive means are provided for driving the linked reflectors through substantially the same angle. 4. The collector system as claimed in claim 1, wherein all of the reflectors within the or each group are arranged to be driven substantially simultaneously to pivot through the same angle while, at the same time, the reflectors within the respective sub-groups remain permanently orientated toward respective ones of the receiver systems. 5. The collector system as claimed in claim 1, wherein a majority of the reflectors within the or each group comprise angle changing reflectors that are arranged to be driven substantially simultaneously to pivot through the same angle while, at the same time, said angle changing reflectors within the respective sub-groups remain permanently orientated toward respective ones of the receiver system, and wherein a minority of the reflectors within each group comprise direction changing reflectors that are arranged to be driven to pivot to such an extent as to shift their direction of orientation from one receiver system to, another receiver system. 6. The collector system as claimed in claim 1, wherein each receiver system comprises a solar-to-thermal energy exchange system. 7. The collector system as claimed in claim 6, wherein each receiver system comprises at least one rack of arranged collector elements through which a heat exchange fluid is passed in use of the system. 8. The collector system as claimed in claim 7 wherein each collector element comprises a glass tube through the heat exchange fluid is passed in use of the system, the tube having inner and outer walls which define an evacuated space and the inner wall of the tube being coated with a solar selective surface coating. 9. The collector system as claimed in claim 8 wherein the collector tubes extend in a vertical direction between upper and lower support members of the rack. 10. The collector system as claimed in claim 8 wherein the collector tubes extend in a diagonal direction between upper and lower support members of the rack. 11. The collector system as claimed in claim 6 wherein each receiver system comprises at least one inverted cavity type receiver. 12. The collector system as claimed in claim 11 wherein the cavity type receiver includes a horizontally disposed, longitudinally extending absorb plate, a glass panel disposed in parallel relationship to the plate, and a gas-containing cavity separating the plate and the panel, the plate having an undersurface that is exposed to the cavity and which is coated with a solar selective surface coating, and the receiver incorporating heat exchange tubes in contact with an upper surface of the plate. 13. The collector system as claimed in claim 1, wherein two receiver systems are associated with the group of reflectors. 14. The collector system as claimed in claim 13, wherein the reflectors within each group are arranged in linear rows which extend parallel to the receiver systems. 15. The collector system as claimed in claim 14 wherein the reflectors within each row are coupled mechanically and are mounted to support structures in a manner that permits them to pivot in unison. 16. The collector system as claimed 15 wherein a drive control mechanism is coupled with each row of reflectors and arranged to effect pivoting of the reflectors in a manner to adjust for small incremental changes in the angle of incident radiation, whereby radiation reflected from the reflectors is spread substantially uniformly over the absorbing surface of the received system to which the radiation is reflected. 17. The collector system as claimed in preceding claim 1, wherein there are n groups of reflectors and n+1 receiver systems, each group of reflectors being positioned between two receiver systems. 18. The collector system as claimed in claim 1, wherein each reflector is shaped to effect concentration of reflected solar radiation. 