An apparatus for monitoring and controlling the wavelength of laser radiation includes at a least one optical filter for receiving laser radiation and for transmitting and reflecting first and second filtered beams, respectively. The beams are filtered according to respective first and second spectral filter functions that cross at least one crossing wavelength. A beam comparing element compares the intensities of the first and second filtered beams and produces an error signal responsive to the deviation of the wavelength of the laser radiation from a set point wavelength. The beam comparing element can include first and second optical detectors and an error circuit for producing the error signal by taking a ratio or the difference of the signals detected by the detectors. Varying the angle of incidence of the laser radiation upon at least one optical filter varies the spectral filter function of that for selecting or varying the operating wavelength of the laser. A laser wavelength controller can receive the error signal for stabilizing or tuning the wavelength of the laser radiation. Several addition embodiments of the invention are disclosed.
Claims Having described the invention, what is claimed as new and secured by Letters Patent is: 1. An apparatus for monitoring the wavelength of laser radiation, comprising: an optical beam splitting apparatus for splitting first and second split beams from a monitored beam having a monitored wavelength; a first optical filter responsive to said first split beam for producing therefrom a first filtered beam in accordance with a first spectral filter function; a second optical filter for producing, responsive to said second split beam, a second filtered beam in accordance with a second spectral filter function, said first and second spectral filter functions crossing at a crossing point wavelength; said first filter including a substrate having a filter layer thereon, said filter layer including at least one film layer having a dielectric constant differing from that of said substrate, a surface of one of said substrate and said filter layer disposed for receiving said first split beam at a nonzero angle of incidence, and a beam comparing element for comparing the intensities of said first and second filtered beams for producing an error signal responsive to the deviation of the wavelength of said monitored beam from a set point wavelength. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 further including a support element for mounting said first optical filter and a support frame for mounting said support element relative to said beamsplitter, and wherein said support element is laser welded to said frame. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said nonzero angle of incidence is selected to select said crossing point wavelength. 4. The apparatus of 1 wherein said first and second filters are substantially physically identical. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said beam comparison element includes first and second optical detectors for detecting said first and second filtered beams, respectively, and for producing, respectively, first and second detected signals, and an error circuit responsive to said first and second signals for producing said error signal. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein said error circuit includes a summing circuit for summing the first and second signals to produce a summed signal, a first circuit means for determining a first ratio of a first reference voltage to said summed signal, and a second circuit means responsive to said first circuit means for multiplying said second signal by a factor substantially equal to said first ratio to produce an error signal representative of a ratio of said second signal divided by the sum of said first and second signals. 7. The error circuit of claim 6 wherein said first circuit means includes a first digital to analog converter for applying a gain to said summed signal to produce an intermediate signal representative of the said product of said summed signal and said gain; a digital controller for controlling said first digital to analog controller to control said gain; a comparator responsive to said intermediate signal and said reference voltage for providing a feedback signal to said controller for controlling said gain; and wherein said second circuit means includes a second digital to analog converter, responsive to controller, for said multiplying of said second signal. 8. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein said error circuit includes an electronic switch and a driver for driving an output of said switch between electrical communication with said first and second detectors respectively, such that said output is representative of said first and second detected signals respectively, and a filter for filtering said output signal. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein said error circuitry is adapted for varying the duty cycle of said switch for varying said set point wavelength. 10. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein said error circuitry includes a first operational amplifier having an input responsive to said first detected signal and a second operational amplifier having an input responsive to the inverse of said second detected signal, and a resistive combining circuit for combining the outputs of said operational amplifiers. 11. The apparatus of claim 10 wherein said resistive combining circuit includes a variable resistance element for varying the set point wavelength of said error circuit. 12. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein said error circuitry includes a first operational amplifier having an input responsive to said first detected signal and a second operational amplifier having an input responsive to the inverse of said second detected signal, and a combining including a digital potentiometer for combining the output of said operational amplifiers. 13. The apparatus of claim 1 including a collimator for receiving the monitored beam from a fiber and for collimating the monitored beam to travel an optical path in free space for receipt thereof by said beam splitter. 14. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said beam splitter includes at least one optical waveguide coupler. 15. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said beam splitter apparatus is adapted for transmitting at least a portion of said monitored beam as an output beam along a free-space output optical beam path substantially collinear with an input optical beam path traversed by said monitored beam as it is received by said beam splitting apparatus. 16. The apparatus of claim 13 including an input collimator for receiving the monitored beam from a first optical fiber and for collimating the monitored beam to travel the input optical path in free space for receipt thereof by said beam splitter, and an output collimator coupled to an output for receiving the output monitored beam traveling in free space for transmission by the output fiber. 17. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein at least one of said detectors is a PIN photodetector capable of operation in a photovoltaic mode. 18. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said beam comparison element includes first and second optical switches for receiving, respectively, said first and second filtered beams; a detector for receiving said first and second filtered beams from said first and second optical switches, to produce a detected signal a filter in electrical communication with said detector for filtering said detected signal to produce said error signal; and a driver circuit for driving said first and second optical switches for time-division multiplexing said first and second filtered beams. 19. A wavelength-stabilized laser system, comprising: a laser for producing a beam of laser radiation having a selected wavelength; means for splitting first and second laser light beams from said beam of laser radiation; a first optical filter disposed for receiving at least a portion of said first split beam, said first filter producing a first filtered beam; a photodetector for receiving at least a portion of said first filtered beam and for producing a first detector signal; a second optical filter disposed for receiving at least a portion of said second split beam and for producing a second filtered beam; a second photodetector for receiving at least a portion of said second split beam and for producing a second detected signal; said first filter including a substrate having a filter layer, said filter layer including at least one film layer having a dielectric constant differing from that of said substrate, an error signal circuit in electrical communication with said first and second photodetectors for generating an error signal responsive to said first and second detected signals and responsive to the deviation of the wavelength of the laser radiation from a set point wavelength; a laser wavelength control element in electrical communication with said error circuit for adjusting the operating temperature of said laser in response to said error signal so as to tend toward said set point wavelength; and wherein said first split beam is incident on a surface of one of said substrate and said filter layer at a selected nonzero angle of incidence, said angle selected such that said first and second spectral filter functions define at least one of a wavelength capture range and a wavelength tuning range, said selected range including said set point wavelength. 20. Apparatus for monitoring the wavelength of a monitored beam of laser radiation, comprising at least one optical filter, said optical filter including a substrate having a filter layer, said filter layer including at least one film layer having a dielectric constant differing from that of said substrate, said optical filter for receiving at least a portion of said monitored beam at a selected nonzero angle of incidence to a surface of one of said substrate and said filter layer and for producing a first filtered beam in accordance with a first spectral filtering function having a resonant response at a resonant response wavelength; at least one detector for detecting said first filtered beam to produce a first detected signal representative of the intensity of said first filtered beam; an error circuit in electrical communication with said detector and for producing responsive to said detected signal an error signal responsive to the deviation of the wavelength of said monitored beam from a set point wavelength; and wherein said selected nonzero angle of incidence is selected such that said spectral filter function defines a capture range of wavelengths that includes said set point wavelength. 21. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein said apparatus includes a dithering means for introducing a dither to said wavelength of said monitored beam and wherein said detector is responsive to said dither means for phase sensitive detection of said filtered beam for determining whether said monitored wavelength is within said first selected tuning range. 22. The apparatus of claim 20 including first means for varying said selected angle of incidence, said means including at least one of a piezoelectric transducer and a motor; a dithering circuit for controlling said first means for introducing a dither in said selected angle of incidence; and wherein said detector is responsive to said dithering circuit for phase sensitive detection of said filtered beam. 23. Apparatus for monitoring the wavelength of laser radiation, comprising a beam splitting apparatus disposed for splitting first and second split beams from a monitored beam; a first optical filter for receiving said first split beam and for producing therefrom a first filtered beam in accordance with a first spectral filtering function; a second optical filter for receiving said second split beam and for producing therefrom a second filtered beam in accordance a second spectral filtering function differing from said first spectral filtering function; first and second photodetectors for receiving at least a portion of said first and second filtered beams respectively, and for producing therefrom, respectively, first and second detected signals; an error circuit for producing, responsive to said first and second detected signals, an output signal representative of the deviation of said monitored wavelength from a set point wavelength, said error circuit including a summing circuit for summing the first and second detected signals to produce a summed signal, a first circuit means for determining a first ratio of a first reference voltage to said summed signal, and a second circuit means responsive to said first circuit means for multiplying said second signal by a factor substantially equal to said first ratio to produce an output signal representative of a ratio of said second signal divided by the sum of said first and second signals. 24. The apparatus of claim 23 further including a combining circuit for combining said output signal with a second reference voltage to produce an offset output signal. 25. The error circuit of claim 23 wherein said first circuit means includes a variable gain amplifier for applying a gain to said summed signal such that the product of said summed signal and said gain is substantially equal to said first reference voltage, whereby said gain represents said ratio of said summed signal to said reference voltage. 26. The error circuit of claim 25 wherein said second circuit means includes a second variable gain amplifier for multiplying said second signal. 27. The error circuit of claim 26 wherein said variable gain amplifier includes a digital to analog converter, and wherein said first circuit means further includes a digital controller for controlling said digital to analog controller to control said gain. 28. The error circuit of claim 27 wherein said digital to analog converter produces an intermediate signal representative of the said product of said summed signal and said gain, and wherein said first circuit means includes a comparator responsive to said intermediate signal and said reference voltage for providing a feedback signal to said controller for controlling said gain. 29. The error circuit of claim 27 wherein said second circuit means includes a second digital to analog controller, and wherein said controller controls said second digital-to-analog controller for multiplying said second signal by said factor. 30. The error circuit of claim 25 wherein said combining circuit includes a resistive circuit for summing said output signal with said second reference voltage, said second reference voltage being negative. 31. The error circuit of claim 25 wherein said combining circuit includes a circuit for taking the difference between said output signal and said second reference voltage. 32. An error circuit for producing a signal responsive to a ratio of first and second signals, the first and second signals representative of the intensity of first and second optical beams, respectively, comprising a summing circuit for summing the first and second signals to produce a summed signal, a first circuit means for determining a first ratio of a first reference voltage to said summed signal, and a second circuit means responsive to said first circuit means for multiplying said second signal by a factor substantially equal to said first ratio to produce an output signal representative of a ratio of said second signal divided by the sum of said first and second signals. 33. An apparatus for monitoring the wavelength of laser radiation, comprising an optical filter for receiving a beam of laser radiation and for transmitting a first filtered beam in accordance with a first spectral filter function and for reflecting a second filtered beam in accordance with a second spectral filter function inversely related to said first spectral filter function, said spectral filter functions crossing at least one crossing wavelength; said optical filter including a substrate having a filter layer on a first surface thereof, said filter layer including at least one film layer having a dielectric constant differing from that of said substrate, a beam comparing element for comparing the intensities of said first and second filtered beams for producing a signal responsive to the deviation of the wavelength of said beam from a set point wavelength. 34. An apparatus for monitoring the wavelength of laser radiation, comprising an optical filter for receiving spatially separated first and second beams of laser radiation and for, responsive to said first beam, transmitting a first filtered beam in accordance with a first spectral filter function and reflecting a second filtered beam in accordance with a second spectral filter function inversely related to said first spectral filter function, said first and second filter functions crossing at first and second crossing wavelengths, said optical filter further responsive to said second beam for transmitting a third filtered beam in accordance with said first spectral filter function and reflecting a fourth filtered beam in accordance with said second spectral filter function; said optical filter including a substrate having a filter layer on a first surface thereof, said filter layer including at least one film layer having a dielectric constant differing from that of said substrate, first and second optical detectors for receiving said first and second filtered beams, respectively, and for producing first and second detected signals; third and fourth optical detectors for receiving said third and fourth filtered beams, respectively, and for producing third and fourth detected signals; a first error circuit for producing, responsive to said first and second detected signals, a first error signal responsive to the deviation of the wavelength of said first beam of radiation from one of the first crossing wavelength and a set point wavelength biased therefrom; and a second error circuit for producing, responsive to said third and fourth detected signals a second error signal responsive to the deviation of the wavelength of said second beam from said second crossing wavelength and a set point biased therefrom. 35. The apparatus of claim 34 wherein said substrate includes a second surface disposed at an angle to said first surface for receiving said beam for reflection and transmission of said beam by said first surface to produce said first and second filtered beams, respectively. 36. The apparatus of claim 35 wherein said substrate has a wedge shape and said optical filter includes an anti-reflective coating on said second surface. 37. The apparatus of claim 34 wherein said beam comparison element includes first and second optical detectors for detecting said first and second filtered beams, respectively, and for producing first and second detected signals, and an error circuit for producing, responsive to said first and second signals an error signal representative of one of a ratio involving said first and second signals and a subtraction of said first and second signals. 38. The apparatus of claim 37 wherein said beam comparison element includes first and second optical detectors for detecting said first and second filtered beams, respectively, and for producing first and second detected signals; and an error circuit responsive to said first and second detected signals for producing a signal responsive to the difference between the wavelength of said beam and one of said first and second zero bias set point wavelengths. 39. The apparatus of claim 38 further including third and fourth optical detectors for receiving, respectively, third and fourth filtered beams transmitted and reflected, respectively, by said optical filter from a second beam of laser radiation incident on said filter and spatially separated from said first beam; and a second error circuit for producing a signal responsive to the difference between the wavelength of said second beam and the other of said first and second zero bias set points. 40. A method of calibrating a laser wavelength monitoring apparatus, the method comprising the steps of operating a laser at a first wavelength provide a laser beam having the first wavelength; filtering at least a first portion of the laser beam with a first optical filter to produce a filtered beam in accordance with a first spectral filter function having a resonant response at resonance response wavelength; measuring the intensity of said first filtered beam; filtering at least a second portion of the laser beam with a second optical filter to produce a second filtered beam, the second optical filter including a substrate having a filter layer thereon, said filter layer including at least one film layer having an index of refracting different from that of the substrate, said step of filtering including directing the beam of radiation a surface of one of said substrate and said filter layer; monitoring the measured intensity of said second filtered beam; selecting final angle of incidence, the step of selecting including adjusting the angle of incidence of the laser beam to said surface to vary the spectral filter function of the second filter such that the intensity of said second filtered beam is substantially equal to the intensity of said first filtered beam; said final angle further selected such that said first and said second spectral filter functions define tuning range of wavelengths within which a signal uniquely representative of a deviation of the wavelength of the laser from said first wavelength can be produced by comparing the intensities of said first and second filtered beams. 