A method of making solar collectors by encapsulating photovoltaic cells within a base of an elongated solar collector wherein heat and pressure are applied to the cells in-situ, after an encapsulating material has been applied. A tool is fashioned having a bladder expandable under gas pressure, filling a region of the collector where the cells are mounted. At the same time, negative pressure is applied outside of the bladder, enhancing its expansion. The bladder presses against a platen which contacts the encapsulated cells, causing outgassing of the encapsulant, while heat cures the encapsulant. After curing, the bladder is deflated and the tool may be removed from the collector and base and reflective panels put into place, if not already there, thereby allowing the solar collector to be ready for use.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of making a solar collector comprising, disposing a web of photovoltaic cells in an operating position in an elongated solar collector structure, and then encapsulating the photovoltaic cells with a coating in-situ in said operating position within the solar collector structure. 2. The method of claim 1 further defined by adding solar collector panels and a collector lens to the collector structure after encapsulating the photovoltaic cells. 3. The method of claim 2 further defined by installing end caps for the solar collector panels after encapsulating the photovoltaic cells. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein the encapsulating step is achieved by coating phtovoltaic cells with light transmissive liquid encapsulant material and then applying pressure upon the encapsulant in-situ. 5. The method of claim 4 wherein the applying of pressure upon the encapsulant is by inflating a bladder disposed over the encapsulant material. 6. A method of making a solar collector of the type having an encapsulated web of photovoltaic cells comprising, first disposing a web of photovoltaic cells in an operating position on a surface of a linear solar collector structure, then coating the photovoltaic cells with a light transmissive encapsulating substance, then inserting an expandable bladder into the solar collector with outside walls for pressure communication with the web of photovoltaic cells, then inflating the expandable bladder for establishing pressure against the surfaces inside of the solar collector with a gas whose pressure inside of the bladder exceeds the gas pressure outside of the bladder, whereby the outside wall of the bladder communicates pressure to the coating of the photovoltaic cells, then removing the bladder from the linear solar collector structure after curing of the encapsulating substance and then placing solar collector components in cooperative relation with the solar collector structure after removal of the bladder, including reflector panels and a collector lens. 7. The method of claim 6 further defined by inserting a platen between the bladder and the web of photovoltaic cells after coating with the encapsulating substance, as a removable tool for said pressure communication with the web of photovoltaic cells, the platen covering the photovoltaic cells. 8. The method of claim 6 wherein said inflating of the expandable bladder comprises placing the bladder in a closed solar collector and lowering air pressure on the outside walls of the bladder. 9. The method of claim 8 further defined by placing at least one pipe outside of the walls of the expandable bladder but inside of the closed solar collector and applying vacuum pumping in the space between the outside walls of the expandable bladder. 10. The method of claim 6 further defined by mounting the bladder on a beam insertable into a linear solar collector. 11. The method of claim 10 further defined by sealing the walls of the beam to walls of the solar collector thereby forming a closed plenum, in cross-section, occupied by the bladder. 12. The method of claim 6 further defined by end caps sealing the ends of the solar collector. 13. The method of claim 6 further defined by disposing at least one pipe outside of the walls of the expandable bladder but inside of the closed solar collector and applying vacuum pumping in the space between the outside walls of the expandable bladder. 14. The method of claim 10 further defined by applying linear seals along collector walls along positions where walls of the beam approach walls of the solar collector whereby sealing of the walls of the beam to walls of the solar collector is by said linear seals. 15. The method of claim 10 further defined by providing a pair of spaced apart pipes joined to said beam, said pipes outside of the walls of the expandable bladder but inside of the closed solar collector and applying vacuum pumping in the space between the outside walls of the expandable bladder. 16. A method of forming a solar collector of the type having an encapsulated web of photovoltaic cells comprising, disposing a web of photovoltaic cells within a U-shaped base, coating the web with a light transmissive encapsulant material, closing the base with a hollow gas tight fixture supporting an inflatable bladder disposed over the web, inflating the bladder to apply pressure to the encapsulant on the web, thermally curing the encapsulant by heating the base, deflating and removing the bladder and fixture from the base, and inserting solar collector panels into the base in place of the fixture and bladder, with a collector lens spanning the collector panels distal to the base. 17. The method of claim 16 further defined by inflating the bladder by applying positive pressure inside of the bladder. 18. The method of claim 16 further defined by inflating the bladder by applying pressure outside of the bladder. 19. The method of claim 16 further defined by thermally curing the encapsulant by heating the gas tight fixture. 20. The method of claim 16 further defined by placing an elongated platen between the bladder and the encapsulant and contacting the platen with the bladder. 