A plurality of silicon and GaAs wafers each including integrated circuitry for providing particular functions for each wafer are mounted within a housing in a stacked, spaced apart, and parallel configuration. Photodetectors and LED's are used to transmit and receive data between opposing wafers. In this manner a micro-packaged device or system is obtained for use amongst other things in lightweight miniaturized microsatellites.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An integrated microsatellite comprising: a central housing; a plurality of integrated circuit (IC) wafer means for providing at least individual functions, respectively; means for mounting said plurality of IC wafer means in said central housing in a spaced apart and parallel relationship providing a stacked array thereof; a plurality of electrically conductive bus means secured to an interior surface of said housing in longitudinal orientation for conducting power, and a source of reference voltage between said plurality of wafer means, respectively; a plurality of electrical connector means for both mechanically securing said plurality of IC wafer means in said housing, and selectively electrically connecting said plurality of electrically conductive bus means to corresponding buses formed on said plurality of IC wafer means, respectively; and means for providing data communication between selected ones of said plurality of IC wafer means. 2. The microsatellite of claim 1, wherein said data communication means includes a plurality of light emitting means on the selected ones of said plurality of IC wafer means, for transmitting light waves modulated by data to an opposing IC wafer means, the opposing IC wafer means including a plurality of light detecting means for receiving said data modulated light waves, respectively, to convert the latter into respective electrical data communication signals, thereby providing electro-optical data communication between selected opposing ones of said plurality of IC wafer means. 3. The microsatellite of claim 2, wherein said plurality of light emitting means includes indium gallium arsenide emitting diodes. 4. The microsatellite of claim 2, wherein said plurality of light detecting means including indium gallium arsenide light detectors. 5. The microsatellite of claim 3, wherein said plurality of light detecting means includes indium gallium arsenide light detectors. 6. The microsatellite of claim 1, wherein said central housing is made from material selected from the group consisting of graphite, silicon carbide, carbon fiber, aluminum, and stainless steel. 7. The microsatellite of claim 1, wherein said central housing is cylindrical and includes a plurality of radially directed spaced apart grooves for receiving said plurality of IC wafer means, respectively. 8. The microsatellite of claim 7, wherein said plurality of spaced apart grooves each include a plurality of spaced apart standoffs having radially directed grooves for receiving said plurality of IC wafer means, respectively, said standoffs being arranged in successive spaced apart circular configurations along the inside wall of said housing. 9. The microsatellite of claim 1, wherein said plurality of electrically conductive bus means consists of ribbon cables. 10. The microsatellite of claim 8, wherein said plurality of electrical connector means are mounted in spaced apart relationship between said plurality of spaced apart standoffs for receiving said plurality of IC wafer means, respectively. 11. The microsatellite of claim 2, wherein the selected ones of said plurality of IC wafer means includes CMOS circuitry for processing data signals detected by said light detecting means, respectively. 12. The microsatellite of claim 2, wherein the selected ones of said plurality of IC wafer means includes CMOS circuitry for receiving electrical data signals to drive associated ones of said plurality of light emitting means, respectively. 13. The microsatellite of claim 1, further including: an outer housing enclosing said central housing in the center of said outer housing with mutual longitudinal axes overlying one-another, a front portion of said outer housing being open; a plurality of solar cells arranged around and rigidly attached to an outer front portion of said outer housing, the rear portion of said housing being enclosed; a battery pack; a gravity gradient boom having one end connected to the center of the rear portion of said outer housing, and the other end of said boom being rigidly connected to said battery pack; said plurality of IC wafer means being grouped by function into a bus section, a power section, and an instrument section; means for electrically connecting said battery pack to said IC wafer means in said power section; and means for electrically connecting said solar cells to said IC wafer means in said power section. 14. The microsatellite of claim 1, further including: said central housing having an open front end; and one of said plurality of IC wafer means consisting of an integrated photolithographic spiral antenna including a photo mixer device mounted at the open front end of said central housing. 15. The microsatellite of claim 14, wherein said integrated photolithographic spiral antenna includes: a substrate forming a wafer having a top portion, and a bottom portion; a pair of electrically conductive equiangular spiral arms formed on a top portion of said substrate; a photoresistor formed in the center of the top portion of said substrate interconnecting said pair of equiangular spiral arms; means formed on the top portion of said substrate for applying bias voltages and input signals to the free ends of said equiangular spiral arms; and a ground plane deposited on the bottom portion of said substrate, said ground plane including a central opening for permitting pulsed laser light to be passed through said substrate to illuminate said photoresistor with modulated light. 16. An integrated circuit (IC) wafer packaging system comprising: a housing; a plurality of integrated circuit (IC) wafer means for providing at least individual functions, respectively; means for mounting said plurality of IC wafer means in said housing in a spaced apart and parallel relationship providing a stacked array thereof; a plurality of electrically conductive bus means secured to an interior surface of said housing in longitudinal orientation for conducting power, and a source of reference voltage between said plurality of wafer means, respectively; a plurality of electrical connector means for both mechanically securing said plurality of IC wafer means in said housing, and selectively electrically connecting said plurality of electrically conductive bus means to corresponding buses formed on said plurality of IC wafer means, respectively; and means for providing data communication between selected ones of said plurality of IC wafer means, said data communication means including: a plurality of light emitting means on the selected ones of said plurality of IC wafer means, for transmitting light waves modulated by data to an opposing IC wafer means, the opposing IC wafer means including a plurality of light detecting means for receiving said data modulated light waves, respectively, to convert the latter into respective electrical data communication signals, thereby providing electro-optical data communication between selected opposing ones of said plurality of IC wafer means. 17. The IC wafer packaging system of claim 16, wherein said housing is cylindrical and includes a plurality of radially directed spaced apart grooves for receiving said plurality of IC wafer means, respectively. 18. The IC wafer packaging system of claim 17, wherein said plurality of radially directed spaced apart grooves each include a plurality of spaced apart standoffs having radially directed grooves for receiving said plurality of IC wafer means, respectively, said standoffs being arranged in successive spaced apart circular configurations along the inside wall of said housing. 19. The microsatellite of claim 18, wherein said plurality of electrical connector means are mounted in spaced apart relationship between said plurality of spaced apart standoffs for receiving said plurality of IC wafer means, respectively. 20. An integrated microsatellite comprising: a central housing; a plurality of integrated circuit (IC) wafer means for providing at least individual functions, respectively; means for mounting said plurality of IC wafer means in said central housing in a spaced apart and parallel relationship providing a stacked array thereof; a plurality of electrically conductive bus means secured to an interior surface of said housing in longitudinal orientation for conducting power, and a source of reference voltage between said plurality of wafer means, respectively; a plurality of electrical connector means for both mechanically securing said plurality of IC wafer means in said housing, and selectively electrically connecting said plurality of electrically conductive bus means to corresponding buses formed on said plurality of IC wafer means, respectively; means for providing data communication between selected ones of said plurality of IC wafer means; said central housing having an open front end; and one of said plurality of IC wafer means consisting of an integrated photolithographic spiral antenna including a photo mixer device mounted at the open front end of said central housing. 21. The microsatellite of claim 20, wherein said integrated photolithographic spiral antenna includes: a substrate forming a wafer having a top portion, and a bottom portion; a pair of electrically conductive equiangular spiral arms formed on a top portion of said substrate; a photoresistor formed in the center of the top portion of said substrate interconnecting said pair of equiangular spiral arms; means formed on the top portion of said substrate for applying bias voltages and input signals to the free ends of said equiangular spiral arms; and a ground plane deposited on the bottom portion of said substrate, said ground plane including a central opening for permitting pulsed laser light to be passed through said substrate to illuminate said photoresistor with modulated light. 