A method for odorizing natural gas in the pipeline utilizes bypass piping in conjunction with a liquid odorant storage tank. The bypass line causes a precisely known volume of bypass gas, saturated with odorant, to enter the gas line at regular intervals determined by gas flow through the line. Natural gas, having a known pressure higher than the pipeline pressure, is provided to the bypass line, and controlled by a control valve. The flow characteristics of the control valve are known in advance, so that opening the valve for a known time period allows a known quantity of bypass gas to flow through the valve. A controller monitors the gas line, and each time a pre-determined quantity of gas flows through the line, the control valve is opened for the calculated time. The bypass line is connected from the control valve to the odorant tank, and from the odorant tank to the gas line. When the control valve is opened, a known amount of saturated bypass gas flows from the odorant tank into the main line, which causes odorization of gas in the line. Preferably, the controller can compensate for temperature changes within the odorant tank. Further, the controller can preferably be controlled and monitored remotely.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for odorizing natural gas flowing through a main line, comprising: a bypass line adjacent to a main gas line; an odorant tank connected to the bypass line, wherein bypass gas flows through the bypass line, through the odorant tank, and into the main line; a control valve in the bypass line, wherein bypass gas flows through the odorant tank and into the main gas line only when the control valve is open; a meter on the main gas line which monitors gas flow through the main gas line; a controller connected to the meter and the control valve, wherein the controller opens the control valve for a predetermined dwell time, proportional to an amount of bypass gas needed to odorize gas in the main gas line, each time a preselected quantity of gas flows through the main gas line. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a temperature sensor in the odorant tank, wherein the temperature sensor senses the temperature is connected to the controller and provides a signal thereto proportional to the temperature of liquid odorant in the tank; wherein the controller compensates for changes in odorant temperature by modifying its opening of the control valve. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the volume of the liquid odorant in the odorant tank increases when its temperature increases, and decreases when its temperature decreases, and wherein the controller adds extra openings of the control valve to compensate for decreased odorant temperature, and skips openings of the control valve to compensate for increased odorant temperature. 4. The system of claim 2, further comprising: a flow sensor in the bypass line to detect flow of gas through the bypass line; and a cutoff valve in the bypass line and connected to the controller, wherein the controller closes the cutoff valve if the flow sensor fails to detect gas flow through the bypass line when the control valve is opened. 5. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a pressure regulator in the bypass line, upstream of the control valve and the odorant tank, for providing gas from the main gas line at a selected pressure above the main gas line pressure at a location downstream of the odorant tank. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the control valve is located in the bypass line between the pressure regulator and the odorant, whereby the control valve is upstream of the odorant tank. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the controller includes an input/output connection, wherein data accepted over the input/output connection can reprogram settings in the controller, and wherein data generated by the controller can be output over the input/output connection. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the input/output connection is a serial data connection. 9. The system of claim 7, wherein the input/output connection is connected to a modem. 10. The system of claim 7, wherein the input/output connection is connected to a touchpad and an associated display. 11. The system of claim 7, wherein the data generated by the controller includes operating reports. 12. The system of claim 7, wherein the data generated by the controller includes diagnostic information. 13. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a level sensor in the odorant tank and connected to the controller, wherein the level sensor provides to the controller a signal proportional to the liquid odorant level in the odorant tank. 14. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a power supply connected to the controller and providing power thereto. 15. The system of claim 14, further comprising: a backup battery connected to the power supply for supplying power to the controller in case of power supply failure. 16. The system of claim 15, further comprising: a solar device connected to the battery for providing power thereto. 17. A controller for a natural gas odorant system, comprising: an input adapted to accept an input signal from a gas flow meter; an output adapted to control a valve; a memory storing a dwell time value, and a second value indicative of how often the valve should be opened with relation to gas flow; an output driver for sending a signal from the output for a time period equal to the stored dwell time, wherein the signal is sent from the output at times determined by the second value and data received through the input. 18. The controller of claim 17, further comprising: a second input adapted to accept an input from a temperature sensor indicating temperature of liquid odorant; wherein the controller modifies operation of the output driver in response to changes in the second input. 19. The controller of claim 18, wherein the controller modifies operation of the output driver to add extra sendings of the output signal to compensate for decreased liquid odorant temperature, and to inhibit sendings of the output signal to compensate for increased odorant temperature. 20. The system of claim 17, wherein the controller further comprises: an input/output connection, wherein data accepted over the input/output connection can reprogram the dwell time value and the second value stored in the memory, and wherein data and alarms generated by the controller can be output over the input/output connection. 21. The system of claim 20, wherein the input/output connection is a serial data connection. 22. The system of claim 20, wherein the input/output connection is connected to a modem. 23. The system of claim 20, wherein the input/output connection is connected to a touchpad and an associated display. 24. The system of claim 20, wherein the data generated by the controller includes operating reports and alarm logs. 25. The system of claim 20, wherein the data generated by the controller includes diagnostic information. 26. A method for odorizing natural gas in a pipeline, comprising the steps of: providing liquid odorant in a tank; measuring gas flow through the pipeline; and for each preselected quantity of gas flowing through the pipeline, opening a valve in a bypass gas line to allow a known volume of gas, saturated with odorant, to flow from the odorant tank into the pipeline, wherein the valve is opened for a dwell time proportional to the known volume of saturated gas. 27. The method of claim 26, further comprising the steps of: sensing the temperature of the liquid odorant in the tank; and in response to changes in the liquid odorant temperature, modifying operation of the valve in the bypass line to compensate for such changes. 28. The method of claim 27, wherein the volume of the liquid odorant in the odorant tank increases when its temperature increases, and decreases when its temperature decreases, and further comprising the steps of: adding extra openings of the valve in the bypass line to compensate for decreased liquid odorant temperature; and skipping openings of the valve in the bypass line to compensate for increased odorant temperature. 29. The method of claim 26, further comprising the steps of: sensing whether gas flows through the bypass line when the valve is opened; and closing a shutdown valve to block the bypass line if no gas flow is sensed through the bypass line when the valve is opened. 30. The method of claim 26, further comprising the steps of: sensing whether gas flows through the bypass line when the valve is opened; and closing a shutdown valve to block the bypass line if gas flow is sensed through the bypass line when the valve is closed. 31. The method of claim 26, wherein gas flowing through the pipeline is measured with a flowmeter, and further comprising the steps of: monitoring operation of the flowmeter; if the flowmeter ceases operating to accurately measure the flow of gas through the pipeline, opening the valve at regular intervals regardless of the measured gas flow through the pipeline. 32. The method of claim 31, wherein the regular intervals are prestored time intervals. 33. The method of claim 31, wherein the regular intervals are selected to be approximately equal to time intervals in which the valve was opened while the flowmeter was working. 34. The method of claim 26, further comprising the step of: communicating with a remote computer over a data link, wherein the remote computer is provided with data indicative of operation of the valve. 35. The method of claim 34, further comprising the step of: accepting data from the remote computer to change the known volume of gas and the preselected quantity of gas. 36. The method of claim 34, further comprising the step of: exchanging diagnostic information with the remote computer over the data link. 37. A method for operating a programmable controller, comprising the steps of: storing data representing a dwell time and a preselected quantity of gas, the dwell time representing a time in which the preselected quantity of gas will flow through a valve; accepting an input signal representing gas flow through a pipeline; when the input signal indicates that the preselected quantity of gas has flowed through the pipeline, driving an output signal for a time period equal to the dwell time. 38. The method of claim 37, further comprising the steps of: accepting a second input signal representing temperature of a liquid odorant; and modifying the driving of the output signal in response to changes in the second input signal. 39. The method of claim 38, further comprising the steps of: when the second input signal indicates that the liquid odorant has expanded, suppressing driving the output signal; and when the second input signal indicates that the liquid odorant has contracted, driving an extra output signal. 40. A method of operating a programmable controller to odorize natural gas flowing in a pipeline, comprising the steps of: entering into a computer a desired odorant use rate, data representing operating characteristics of a control valve, data indicating solubility of the odorant in natural gas at operating pressure and correction factors for gas and atmospheric pressures, and a desired volume of gas per pulse of odorized bypass gas; calculating a gas flow rate through the control valve; calculating a dwell time for the control valve from the desired odorant use rate, the gas flow rate through the control valve, the solubility data, the pressure correction data, and the desired volume of gas per pulse; storing into a programmable controller the calculated dwell time and the desired volume of gas per pulse; and within the controller, using the stored dwell time and desired volume of gas per pulse to operate the control valve. 41. The method of claim 40, wherein the computer is located remotely from the controller, and wherein the storing step comprises storing the calculated dwell time and desired volume of gas per pulse over a communications link between the computer and the controller. 42. The method of claim 40, further comprising the steps of: maintaining within the computer temperature compensation information defining changes in volume of the liquid odorant with changes in temperature; in the storing step, storing in the programmable controller data indicative of liquid odorant volume changes as a function of temperature changes; and within the controller, modifying operating of the control valve in response to changes in liquid odorant temperature. 43. The method of claim 42, wherein the volume of the liquid odorant increases when its temperature increases, and decreases when its temperature decreases, and further comprising the steps of, within the programmable controller: adding extra openings of the valve to compensate for decreased liquid odorant temperature; and skipping openings of the valve to compensate for increased odorant temperature. 