A photovoltaic building assembly (2) includes a building support surface, typically a roof (4) or a wall (6), on which a PV module support assembly (12) is mounted. The support assembly includes a base (18) secured to the support surface, and an upper portion (14, 16; 14a, 31, 33). A PV module (10) is mounted to and is supported by the body (14, 14a) of the upper portion. A foam insulation layer (22) is sprayed onto the support surface to embed the base and lower ends of the legs therein. A weather-resistant layer (24) is applied to the outer surface of the insulation layer to prevent moisture from reaching the building surface. The base can be secured to the building support surface by an adhesive (32) or by mechanical fasteners (34) as well as by simply embedding the base within the insulation layer. The assembly provides for electricity generation, building thermal insulation and building waterproofing in a lightweight construction assembly.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic (PV) building assembly comprising: a building support surface; a continuous thermal insulation layer covering a chosen area of the building support surface, said insulation layer comprising an outer surface; a PV module; a PV module support assembly comprising: a base embedded within the continuous insulation layer between the outer surface and the building support surface so at least a portion of said base is spaced-apart from the outer surface of said insulation layer; and an outer portion extending from the base and supporting said PV module at a position spaced-apart from the insulation layer; and means for securing the PV module support assembly to the building support surface. 2. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said outer portion comprises a body, to which the PV module is secured, a stand-off situated between the body and the insulation layer, and a hold-down biasing the body towards the insulation layer. 3. The assembly according to claim 2 wherein the hold-down comprises an extension, having an inner end at the base and an outer end, and resilient keepers at the outer end of the extension. 4. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said chosen area is the entire building support surface. 5. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein the building support surface is a roof. 6. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said outer portion comprises a body to which the PV module is secured. 7. The assembly according to claim 6 wherein said body is a generally planar member. 8. The assembly according to claim 6 wherein said body is substantially the same size as the PV module. 9. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein the PV module comprises a support substrate, secured to the outer portion, and a PV cell, supported by the substrate. 10. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein all of said base is spaced-apart from said outer surface of said insulation layer. 11. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said outer portion comprises a body, to which the PV module is secured, and a leg, securing the body to the base. 12. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said outer portion comprises a leg securing the PV module to the base. 13. The assembly according to claim 12 wherein said leg comprises a plurality of legs. 14. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said outer portion is sized and configured to provide a cooling air cavity between the PV module and the outer surface of the insulation layer. 15. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said outer portion is sized and configured to arrange the PV module at an angle to the outer surface of the insulation layer. 16. The assembly according to claim 15 wherein said outer portion comprises a first angled portion, to which the PV module is secured, and a second angled portion, said second angled portion being porous to permit air flow therethrough. 17. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said outer portion is sized and configured to arrange the PV module parallel to the outer surface of the insulation layer. 18. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said insulation layer is a foam insulation layer. 19. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein the base embedded within the continuous insulation layer at least partially serves as said securing means. 20. The assembly according to claim 19 wherein said base has through-holes formed therein. 21. The assembly according to claim 20 wherein said insulation layer is a foam insulation layer and at least some of said through-holes are sized so said foam insulation layer passes through said through-holes and adheres to said support surface. 22. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said base has a weight sufficient to help counteract wind-induced uplift and sliding forces. 23. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein the securing means comprises at least one of the following: an adhesive suitable for adhering said base to the support surface; and a mechanical fastener adapted to secure the base to the support surface. 24. The assembly according to claim 23 wherein the mechanical fastener penetrates the support surface. 25. The assembly according to claim 1 further comprising a weather-resistant layer covering the outer surface of the insulation layer. 26. The assembly according to claim 25 wherein the weather-resistant layer comprises an elastomeric material. 27. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein the base lies against the building surface. 28. The assembly according to claim 1 further comprising a thermal energy collector mounted between the PV module and the outer surface of the insulation layer. 29. The assembly according to claim 28 wherein the thermal energy collector is mounted touching the PV module to enhance conductive heat flow. 30. The assembly according to claim 28 wherein the thermal energy collector comprises a plurality of tubes in thermally conductive contact with the PV module. 31. The assembly according to claim 30 wherein the thermal energy collector comprises a fluid conduit, fluidly coupled to the tubes, embedded within the continuous insulation layer. 32. The assembly according to claim 28 wherein the thermal energy collector comprises a fluid conduit embedded within the continuous insulation layer. 33. The assembly according to claim 1 further comprising a wire conduit embedded within the continuous insulation layer. 34. The assembly according to claim 1 comprising a plurality of said PV modules and PV module support assemblies forming an array of said PV modules, said array having a periphery. 35. The assembly according to claim 34 further comprising a perimeter unit mounted along said periphery of said array. 36. The assembly according to claim 35 wherein said perimeter unit is mounted external of said insulation layer. 37. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said insulation layer has a thermal insulation rating of at least about R2. 38. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said insulation layer has a thermal insulation R value of at least about 4 per inch. 39. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said insulation layer comprises a foam insulation layer. 40. The assembly according to claim 39 wherein said foam insulation layer is a sprayed-on foam insulation layer. 41. A photovoltaic (PV) building assembly comprising: a building support surface; a continuous, sprayed-on foam insulation layer covering the building support surface, said insulation layer comprising an outer surface; a plurality of PV modules; a plurality of PV module support assemblies, each said support assembly comprising: a base embedded within the continuous insulation layer so said base is spaced-apart from the outer surface of said insulation layer; an outer portion extending from the base and supporting said PV module at a position spaced-apart from the insulation layer; means for securing the PV module support assembly to the building support surface; said outer portion being sized and configured to provide a cooling air cavity between the PV module and the outer surface of the insulation layer; and said plurality of said PV modules and PV module support assemblies forming an array of said PV modules. 42. The assembly according to claim 41 wherein said base embedded within said insulation layer at least partially serves as said securing means, the securing means further comprising at least one of the following: an adhesive adhering said base to the support surface; a mechanical fastener adapted to secure the base to the support surface; the base having a weight sufficient to help counteract wind-induced uplift and sliding forces; and said base has holes, extending therethrough to said support surface, sized so when said insulation layer is a foam insulation layer said foam insulation layer passes through said holes and adheres to said support surface. 43. A method for supporting a photovoltaic (PV) module over a building surface comprising: providing a PV assembly comprising a PV module support assembly, including a base and an outer portion, and PV module; positioning the base adjacent to a building surface; securing the base to the building surface, said securing step being at least partially carried out by applying a continuous insulation layer over and to the base and the building surface thereby embedding the base within the insulation layer with a part of the outer portion extending past an outer surface of the insulation layer; and mounting the PV module to said part of the outer portion. 44. The method according to claim 43 wherein said base securing step further comprises the step of adhering said base to said building surface using an adhesive between said base and said building surface. 45. The method according to claim 43 wherein said continuous insulation layer applying step is carried out using a foam insulation. 46. The method according to claim 43 further comprising the step of forming a weather-resistant layer over the outer surface of the insulation layer. 47. A photovoltaic (PV) building assembly comprising: a building support surface; a continuous insulation layer covering a chosen area of the building support surface, said insulation layer comprising an outer surface; a PV module; a PV module support assembly comprising: a base embedded within the continuous insulation layer so at least a portion of said base is spaced-apart from the outer surface of said insulation layer; and an outer portion extending from the base and supporting said PV module at a position spaced-apart from the insulation layer; means for securing the PV module support assembly to the building support surface; and wherein said outer portion comprises a body, to which the PV module is secured, a stand-off situated between the body and the insulation layer, and a hold-down biasing the body towards the insulation layer. 48. The assembly according to claim 47 wherein the hold-down comprises an extension, having an inner end at the base and an outer end, and resilient keepers at the outer end of the extension. 49. A photovoltaic (PV) building assembly comprising: a building support surface; a continuous insulation layer covering a chosen area of the building support surface, said insulation layer comprising an outer surface; a PV module; a PV module support assembly comprising: a base embedded within the continuous insulation layer so at least a portion of said base is spaced-apart from the outer surface of said insulation layer; and an outer portion extending from the base and supporting said PV module at a position spaced-apart from the insulation layer; means for securing the PV module support assembly to the building support surface; wherein the base embedded within the continuous insulation layer at least partially serves as said securing means; and wherein said base has through-holes formed therein. 50. The assembly according to claim 49 wherein said insulation layer is a foam insulation layer and at least some of said through-holes are sized so said foam insulation layer passes through said through-holes and adheres to said support surface. 51. A photovoltaic (PV) building assembly comprising: a building support surface; a continuous insulation layer covering a chosen area of the building support surface, said insulation layer comprising an outer surface; a PV module; a PV module support assembly comprising: a base embedded within the continuous insulation layer so at least a portion of said base is spaced-apart from the outer surface of said insulation layer; and an outer portion extending from the base and supporting said PV module at a position spaced-apart from the insulation layer; means for securing the PV module support assembly to the building support surface; and wherein the base lies against the building surface. 52. A photovoltaic (PV) building assembly comprising: a building support surface; a continuous insulation layer covering a chosen area of the building support surface, said insulation layer comprising an outer surface; a PV module; a PV module support assembly comprising: a base embedded within the continuous insulation layer so at least a portion of said base is spaced-apart from the outer surface of said insulation layer; and an outer portion extending from the base and supporting said PV module at a position spaced-apart from the insulation layer; means for securing the PV module support assembly to the building support surface; and a thermal energy collector mounted between the PV module and the outer surface of the insulation layer. 53. The assembly according to claim 52 wherein the thermal energy collector is mounted touching the PV module to enhance conductive heat flow. 54. The assembly according to claim 52 wherein the thermal energy collector comprises a plurality of tubes in thermally conductive contact with the PV module. 55. The assembly according to claim 54 wherein the thermal energy collector comprises a fluid conduit, fluidly coupled to the tubes, embedded within the continuous insulation layer. 56. The assembly according to claim 52 wherein the thermal energy collector comprises a fluid conduit embedded within the continuous insulation layer. 57. A photovoltaic (PV) building assembly comprising: a building support surface; a continuous insulation layer covering a chosen area of the building support surface, said insulation layer comprising an outer surface; a PV module; a PV module support assembly comprising: a base embedded within the continuous insulation layer so at least a portion of said base is spaced-apart from the outer surface of said insulation layer; and an outer portion extending from the base and supporting said PV module at a position spaced-apart from the insulation layer; means for securing the PV module support assembly to the building support surface; and a wire conduit embedded within the continuous insulation layer. 58. A photovoltaic (PV) building assembly comprising: a building support surface; a continuous insulation layer covering a chosen area of the building support surface, said insulation layer comprising an outer surface; a plurality of PV modules; a plurality of PV module support assemblies each comprising: a base embedded within the continuous insulation layer so at least a portion of said base is spaced-apart from the outer surface of said insulation layer; and an outer portion extending from the base and supporting said PV module at a position spaced-apart from the insulation layer; means for securing the PV module support assemblies to the building support surface; the plurality of said PV modules and PV module support assemblies forming an array of said PV modules, said array having a periphery; and a perimeter unit mounted along said periphery of said array. 59. The assembly according to claim 58 wherein said perimeter unit is mounted external of said insulation layer. 60. A photovoltaic (PV) building assembly comprising: a building support surface; a continuous insulation layer covering a chosen area of the building support surface, said insulation layer comprising an outer surface; a PV module; a PV module support assembly comprising: a base embedded within the continuous insulation layer so at least a portion of said base is spaced-apart from the outer surface of said insulation layer; and an outer portion extending from the base and supporting said PV module at a position spaced-apart from the insulation layer; means for securing the PV module support assembly to the building support surface; and wherein said insulation layer comprises a sprayed on foam insulation layer. 