Disclosed is a method and apparatus (1'; 1") for tracking a stellar body (22) using a telescope (9; 32) of a spacecraft (e.g., a satellite) (10; 10"). In accordance with an embodiment of the invention, the telescope (9; 32) is provided with gimbal supports (18a; 18b), and is maneuverable relative to the spacecraft (10; 10'). The stellar body (22) is acquired by the telescope (9; 32) so that the stellar body (22) is within the field of view (FOV) of the telescope (9; 32). After the stellar body (22) is acquired, an operation is performed for controlling the attitude of the spacecraft (10; 10') to within pre-established deadband limits, and, as a result, the spacecraft (10; 10') and telescope (9; 32) are each assumed to have a desired orientation relative to the stellar body (22). The stellar body tracking method of the invention is performed so as to maintain the telescope (9; 32) in an orientation wherein the stellar body (22) is within the field of view (FOV) of the telescope (9; 32), even if it occurs that one or more environmental disturbance forces impinge on the spacecraft (10; 10') and cause an undesired variation in the orientation of the spacecraft (10; 10') relative to the stellar body (22). The stellar body tracking method of the invention controllably points a pointing direction (line of sight) of the stellar body tracking system (1'; 1") independently of the spacecraft (10; 10'), for tracking the stellar body (22). In accordance with an aspect of this invention, spacecraft inertial position and rate information is derived for use in controlling the attitude of the spacecraft (10; 10'). In accordance with an embodiment of the invention, the pointing direction of the telescope (9; 32) is controllably pointed by maneuvering at least one of the telescope (9; 32) and a mirror (13") of the telescope (9; 32).
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a satellite having a star tracking system, said tracking system including an optical sensor mounted on the satellite for relative movement thereon, a light sensitive panel mounted to receive light from the light sensor and convert said light to an electrical signal, a processor for determining the position of the light signal on the panel, and a drive to move the optical sensor, a method of controlling the optical sensor comprising the steps of: aligning said optical sensor with a star that provides a spatial reference for the satellite; focusing light from said star on the light sensitive panel at a predetermined panel reference location; sensing the position of the focused light on said panel over a period of time; comparing said reference location with the position of said focused light; generating an error signal representing the displacement of said focused light from said reference location; actuating said drive in response to said error signal to move said optical sensor relative to the satellite to return the focused light to the reference location; and sensing the position and rate of movement of the optical sensor relative to the satellite and processing said sensed data to derive the inertial rate and position of the satellite. 2. In a satellite having a star tracking system, said tracking system including an optical sensor mounted on the satellite for relative movement thereon, a light sensitive panel mounted to receive light from the light sensor and convert said light to an electrical signal, a processor for determining the position of the light signal on the panel, and a drive to move the optical sensor, a method of controlling the optical sensor, as described in claim 1, wherein the step of actuating said drive occurs only when said displacement is equal to or greater than a predetermined minimum threshold. 3. In a satellite having a star tracking system, said tracking system including an optical sensor mounted on the satellite for relative movement thereon, a light sensitive panel mounted to receive light from the light sensor and convert said light to an electrical signal, a processor for determining the position of the light signal on the panel, and a drive to move the optical sensor, a method of controlling the optical sensor, as described in claim 1, further comprising the step of adjusting the attitude of the satellite in response to said derived inertial rate and position of the satellite. 4. In a satellite having a star tracking system, said tracking system including an optical sensor mounted on the satellite for relative movement thereon, a light sensitive panel mounted to receive light from the light sensor and convert said light to an electrical signal, a processor for determining the position of the light signal on the panel, and a drive to move the optical sensor, a method of controlling the optical sensor, as described in claim 1, wherein said steps are performed continuously in response to changes in attitude of the satellite. 5. In a satellite having a star tracking system, said tracking system including an optical sensor mounted on the satellite for relative movement thereon, a light sensitive panel mounted to receive light from the light sensor and convert said light to an electrical signal, a processor for determining the position of the light signal on the panel, and a drive to move the optical sensor, a method of controlling the optical sensor, as described in claim 1, wherein said drive is actuated to move the optical sensor at an angular rate substantially equal to the angular rate of the movement of the satellite. 6. In a satellite having a star tracking system, said tracking system including an optical sensor mounted on the satellite for relative movement thereon, a light sensitive panel mounted to receive light from the light sensor and convert said light to an electrical signal, a processor for determining the position of the light signal on the panel, and a drive to move the optical sensor, a method of controlling the optical sensor, as described in claim 1, further including the step of mounting the optical sensor on the satellite in a position such that a portion of the satellite shields the optical sensor from solar radiation. 7. A star tracking system for an orbiting satellite comprising: an optical sensor mounted on the satellite for relative movement thereon, said optical sensor being aligned with a star that provides a spatial reference for the satellite, and focusing light from said star on a light sensitive panel, said optical sensor further including a drive to move said sensor relative to said satellite; a light sensitive panel mounted to receive light from the light sensor and convert said light to an electrical signal, said panel having a predetermined reference location; a first processor for determining the position of the light on the panel, calculating the displacement of said position from said predetermined reference location, and generating an error signal representing said displacement; a second processor for actuating said drive in response to said error signal to move said optical sensor relative to the satellite to return the focused light to the reference location; and wherein said second processor further senses the position and rate of movement of the optical sensor relative to the satellite and processes said sensed data to derive the inertial rate and position of the satellite. 8. A star tracking system for an orbiting satellite, as described in claim 7, wherein said drive is actuated only when said displacement is equal to or greater than a predetermined minimum threshold. 9. A star tracking system for an orbiting satellite, as described in claim 7, wherein said second processor further adjusts the attitude of the satellite in response to said derived inertial rate and position of the satellite. 10. A star tracking system for an orbiting satellite, as described in claim 7, wherein said star tracking system operates continuously in response to changes in attitude of the satellite. 11. A star tracking system for an orbiting satellite, as described in claim 7, wherein said drive is actuated to move the optical sensor at an angular rate substantially equal to the angular rate of the movement of the satellite. 12. A star tracking system for an orbiting satellite, as described in claim 7, wherein said optical sensor is mounted on the satellite in a position such that a portion of the satellite shields the optical sensor from solar radiation. 