A charging control device for use with a spacecraft solar array employs a field emitter array including a cathode and an anode; a first resistor coupled between the cathode of the field emitter array and a solar array common; and a second resistor coupled between the anode of the field emitter array and a solar array positive.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A charging control device for use with a spacecraft solar array which includes solar array strings comprising: a field emitter array including a cathode and an anode; a first resistor coupled between the cathode of the field emitter array and a solar array common; and a second resistor coupled between the anode of the field emitter array and a solar array positive. 2. The device of claim 1 further comprising: a mounting location on said spacecraft solar array; and the field emitter array being mounted at the mounting location. 3. The device of claim 2 wherein said mounting location is at least 0.5 meters from a nearest surface that is both shaded and non-conducting. 4. The device of claim 2 wherein said mounting location is on a shaded backside of said spacecraft solar array. 5. The device of claim 2 wherein said mounting location is on a sunlit frontside of said spacecraft solar array. 6. The device of claim 2 wherein said mounting location is on an edge of said spacecraft solar array. 7. The device of claim 2 wherein an area of said mounting location is an area having a width of at most 5 cm, and a length of at most 5 cm. 8. The device of claim 1 further including a means for drawing power directly from said spacecraft solar array. 9. The device of claim 8 wherein said means for drawing power directly from said spacecraft solar array further includes means for drawing power from solar array strings which are the last to be removed from active use in powering the spacecraft. 10. A method of installing a spacecraft solar array charging control on a spacecraft which has a solar power array including solar array strings, the method comprising the steps of: providing a spacecraft solar array charging control device; selecting a location on the solar power array for positioning the spacecraft solar array charging control; analyzing the suitability of the selected location and determining whether the location is acceptable; once the acceptability of the location is determined, sizing two resistor values for resistors to be coupled to field emitter array terminals and to a chosen solar array string; and mounting the spacecraft solar array charging control device at the selected location. 11. A method of installing a spacecraft solar array charging control as in claim 6 wherein said step of selecting a location on the solar power array for positioning the spacecraft solar array charging control includes the steps of: identifying solar array strings that are to be removed from use in powering the spacecraft; and insuring that said selecting step includes selecting a location which allows said spacecraft solar array charging control to be electrically connected to said identified solar array strings. 12. A method of installing a spacecraft solar array charging control as in claim 10 wherin said step of analyzing the suitability of the selected location and detrmining whether the location is accepatable includes the step of: representing the spacecraft solar array charging control as a cell of conducting material at the selected location with an electron secondary yield peak adjusted so that a secondary electron current is of a preselected amount. 13. A method of installing a spacecraft solar array charging control as in claim 12 wherein said step of analyzing the suitability of the selected location and determining whether the location is acceptable includes the step of conducting a worst case environment analysis where said secondary electron current is about 2.times.10.sup.-4 A. 14. A device for preventing solar power array charging in a spacecraft having a solar power array which includes at least one solar array string and a solar array common, the device comprising: a housing; a field emitter array including a cathode and an anode; a first resistor coupled between the cathode of the field emitter array and the solar array common; and a second resistor coupled between the anode of the field emitter array and a solar array positive. 15. The device of claim 14 wherein said field emitter array includes an upper surface which is exposed through said housing to facilitate therefrom a discharge of electrons. 16. The device of claim 15 wherein said device is mounted to said solar power array. 17. The device of claim 16 wherein said device draws operating power directly from the solar power array. 18. The device of claim 14, wherein said housing includes exposed surfaces which are comprised of conductive material. 19. The device of claim 13, wherein said conductive material is a black conducting polyamide material. 