A roof unit is constructed in such an arrangement that a plurality of combination solar battery and roof panels, each having flanges at two opposite sides, are placed adjacent to each other with clearance on a joining/fixing member, the adjacent combination solar battery and roof panels are fixed to the joining/fixing member in the clearance by a removable fixture, and a removable cap is placed in an upper part of the clearance. This arrangement simplifies the work at a work site, decreases the construction cost, and decreases work errors. In addition, measurement or replacement of each module can be made even after mounting, thus providing a practical vertical-roofing roof excellent in maintainability and also in wind endurance.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A roof-mountable assembly unit comprising a plurality of combination solar battery and roof panels, each having flanges at two opposite sides, placed adjacent to each other on a joining/fixing member in such a manner so as to form a clearance between each combination solar battery and roof panel and an adjacent combination solar battery and roof panel, wherein the adjacent combination solar battery and roof panels are fixed to said joining/fixing member in said clearance by removable fixing means, and wherein a removable cap is placed in an upper part of said clearance. 2. The roof-mountable assembly unit according to claim 1, wherein a junction box for drawing an output of said solar battery to the outside is provided in said flange and wherein wiring members connected to the junction boxes of said combination solar battery and roof panels adjacent to each other are connected in said clearance. 3. The roof-mountable assembly unit according to claim 1, wherein said joining/fixing member is of a rod shape along said clearance. 4. The roof-mountable assembly unit according to claim 3, further comprising a sheathing roof board fixed to a bottom surface of said joining/fixing member. 5. The roof-mountable assembly unit according to claim 1, wherein said joining/fixing member is a sheathing roof board of a flat plate shape. 6. The roof-mountable assembly unit according to claim 5, further comprising a rafter fixed to a bottom surface of said sheathing roof board. 7. The roof-mountable assembly unit according to claim 6, further comprising a purlin fixed to a bottom surface of said rafter. 8. The roof-mountable assembly unit according to claim 4, further comprising a rafter fixed to a bottom surface of said sheathing board. 9. The roof-mountable assembly unit according to claim 8, further comprising a purlin fixed to a bottom surface of said rafter. 10. The roof-mountable assembly unit according to claim 1, comprising a solar battery in a surface of said cap. 11. The roof-mountable assembly unit according to claim 1, wherein electric connection between said combination solar battery and roof panels adjacent to each other is effected by said cap. 12. The roof-mountable assembly unit according to claim 1, wherein said combination solar battery and roof panel is constructed in such an arrangement that a solar battery element is sealed on a backing with a filling material and that a protecting film is provided on a surface thereof. 13. The roof-mountable assembly unit according to claim 1, wherein a removable deformation preventing member is fixed in a direction perpendicular to said flanges. 14. The roof-mountable assembly unit according to claim 1, wherein in said combination solar battery and roof panel a rib is formed in a direction perpendicular to said flanges. 15. The roof-mountable assembly unit according to claim 1, wherein a horizontal beam is provided on a back surface of said combination solar battery and roof panel. 16. A roof-mountable assembly unit mounting method comprising the steps of: mounting on a roof structural member a roof-mountable assembly unit comprising a plurality of combination solar battery and roof panels, each having flanges at two opposite sides, placed adjacent to each other on a joining/fixing member in such a manner so as to form a clearance between each combination solar battery and roof panel and an adjacent combination solar battery and roof panels wherein the adjacent combination solar battery and roof panels are fixed to said joining/fixing member in said clearance by removable fixing means; fixing said joining/fixing member to said roof structural member in said clearance; and placing a removable cap in an upper part of said clearance. 17. The roof-mountable assembly unit mounting method according to claim 16 further comprising the steps of: preparing a plurality of said roof-mountable assembly units; fixing said roof-mountable assembly units to each other by fixing means; and electrically connecting said roof-mountable assembly units with each other in the clearance. 18. The roof-mountable assembly unit mounting method according to claim 16, further comprising a step of: connecting wire members provided in junction boxes, which are provided in said flange of each of said combination solar battery and roof panels adjacent to each other and which draw an output of said solar battery to the outside, in said clearance. 19. A roof-mountable assembly unit carrying method comprising the steps of: mounting on a roof structural member a roof-mountable assembly unit comprising a plurality of combination solar battery and roof panels, each having flanges at two opposite sides, placed adjacent to each other on a joining/fixing member in such a manner so as to form a clearance between each combination solar battery and roof panel and an adjacent combination solar battery and roof panel, wherein the adjacent combination solar battery and roof panels are fixed to said joining/fixing member in said clearance by removable fixing means; fixing said joining/fixing member to said roof structural member in said clearance; placing a removable cap in an upper part of said clearance; and securing a removable deformation preventing member to said roof-mountable assembly unit in a direction perpendicular to said flanges during carriage of said roof-mountable assembly units. 20. A roof-mountable assembly unit fabrication process comprising the steps of: placing a plurality of combination solar battery and roof panels, each having flanges at two opposite sides, adjacent to each other on a joining/fixing member in such a manner so as to form a clearance between each combination solar battery and roof panel and an adjacent combination solar battery and roof panel; fixing the adjacent combination solar battery and roof panels to said joining/fixing member in said clearance by removable fixing means; and placing a removable cap in an upper part of said clearance. 21. An air circulation system comprising a roof-mountable assembly unit comprising a plurality of combination solar battery and roof panels, each having flanges at two opposite sides, placed adjacent to each other with clearance on a joining/fixing member of a rod shapes wherein the adjacent combination solar battery and roof panels are fixed to said joining/fixing member in said clearance by removable fixing means, said air circulation system being arranged in such a manner that said roof-mountable assembly unit is mounted on a sheathing roof board, said joining/fixing member is fixed to said roof structural member in said clearance, thereby forming a space between said combination solar battery and roof panels and said roof structural member, external air is introduced into said space, and the air introduced into the space is guided into a house or is discharged to the outside of the house. 22. The air circulation system according to claim 21, wherein said air is circulated by a fan. 23. A solar electric power generation system comprising: a roof-mountable assembly unit comprising a plurality of combination solar battery and roof panels, each having flanges at two opposite sides, placed adjacent to each other with clearance on a joining/fixing member, the adjacent combination solar battery and roof panels are fixed to said joining/fixing member in said clearance by removable fixing means, a removable cap placed in an upper part of said clearance, a junction box for drawing output of said solar battery to the outside provided in each said flange, and wire members connected to the junction boxes of said combination solar battery and roof panels adjacent to each other connected to each other in said clearance; and a power converting device electrically connected to said solar batteries. 24. A solar battery module mounting method comprising the steps of: preparing a plurality of solar battery strings, each being formed by connecting a plurality of solar battery modules in series; guiding outputs of said plurality of solar battery strings to a DC combiner box independently of each other; and connecting the outputs of said plurality of solar battery strings in parallel inside said DC combiner box. 25. The solar battery module mounting method according to claim 24, wherein an output voltage of each solar battery string is equal to an input voltage of an inverter. 26. The solar battery module mounting method according to claim 24, wherein each solar battery string has a breaker before a point of parallel connection. 27. A roof-mountable assembly unit comprising a plurality of combination solar battery and roof panels, each having flanges at two opposite sides, placed adjacent to each other on a joining/fixing member, wherein the adjacent combination solar battery and roof panels are fixed to said joining/fixing member, and wherein each of said plurality of combination solar battery and roof panels has a wiring member for introducing an output of said solar battery outside of said combination solar battery and roof panel, the wiring members of said combination solar battery and roof panels adjacent each other being electrically connected to each other. 28. A roof-mountable assembly unit according to claim 27, wherein said plurality of combination solar battery and roof panels are arranged adjacent to each other with a clearance on said joining/fixing member and the wiring members are electrically connected to each other in said clearance. 29. A roof-mountable assembly unit according to claim 27, wherein said plurality of combination solar battery and roof panels are fixed to said joining/fixing member with respect to each other in said clearance by removable fixing means and a removable cap is provided on an upper portion of said clearance. 30. A roof-mountable assembly unit mounting method comprising the steps of: mounting on a roof structural member a roof-mountable assembly unit in which a plurality of combination solar battery and roof panels, each having flanges at two opposite sides, are placed adjacent to each other on a joining/fixing member, the adjacent combination solar battery and roof panels are fixed to said joining/fixing member, and each of said plurality of combination solar battery and roof panels has a wiring member for introducing an output of said solar battery outside of said combination solar battery and roof panel, the wiring members of said combination solar battery and roof panels adjacent each other being electrically connected to each other; fixing said joining/fixing member to said roof structural member; and electrically connecting said plurality of said combination solar battery and roof panels with each other. 31. The roof-mountable assembly unit mounting method according to claim 30, wherein said plurality of combination solar battery and roof panels are arranged adjacent to each other with a clearance on said joining/fixing member and the wiring members are electrically connected to each other in said clearance. 32. The roof-mountable assembly unit mounting method according to claim 31, wherein said joining/fixing member is fixed to said roof structural member by removable fixing means in said clearance. 33. The roof-mountable assembly unit mounting method according to claim 31, further comprising a step of: placing a removable cap in an upper portion of said clearance. 34. A roof-mountable assembly unit fabricating process comprising the steps of: placing a plurality of combination solar battery and roof panels, each having flanges at two opposite sides, adjacent to each other on a joining/fixing member; fixing the adjacent combination solar battery and roof panels to said joining/fixing member; and providing on each of said plurality of combination solar battery and roof panels a wiring member for introducing an output of said solar battery outside of said combination solar battery and roof panel, the wiring members of said combination solar battery and roof panels adjacent each other being electrically connected to each other. 35. The roof-mountable assembly unit fabricating process according to claim 34, wherein said plurality of combination solar battery and roof panels are arranged adjacent to each other with a clearance on said joining/fixing member and the wiring members are electrically connected to each other in said clearance. 36. The roof-mountable assembly unit fabricating process according to claim 35, wherein said joining/fixing member is fixed by removable fixing means to said roof structural member in said clearance. 37. The roof-mountable assembly unit fabricating process according to claim 35 further comprising a step of: placing a removable cap in an upper portion of said clearance. 