A global positioning system (GPS) and auxiliary receiver receive limited range position signals broadcasted from telemetry transmitters when in an urban canyon environment. The limited range receivers preferably are implemented as part of the lighting infrastructure of the environment. The limited range receivers derive power from light from the lighting infrastructure. The receivers can also include a transmitter for retransmitting the receive position data and an ID code to a central processing center.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An extended capability global positioning system comprising: a plurality of transmitters disposed at a plurality of positions for transmitting limited range position signals indicative of the plurality of positions; a lighting infrastructure whereon the plurality of transmitters are disposed; and a positioning receiver for receiving GPS signals from the global positioning system for determining a positioning receiver first position in response to the GPS signals, for receiving a limited range position signal from a transmitter in the plurality of transmitters for obtaining a positioning receiver second position in response to the limited range signal indicative of a known transmitter position, and for selecting the positioning receiver second position when the GPS signals are not being accurately received. 2. The extended capability global positioning system of claim 1 wherein the transmitter in the plurality of transmitters further comprises a wireless power circuit for powering the transmitter from the lighting infrastructure. 3. The extended capability global positioning system of claim 2 wherein the wireless power circuit comprises one of a solar cell and an inductive coupling. 4. The extended capability global positioning system of claim 2 wherein the transmitter in the plurality of transmitters further comprises an interface for programming the known transmitter position and a memory for storing the known transmitter position programmed through the interface for programming. 5. The extended capability global positioning system of claim 4 wherein data associated with the known transmitter position is programmed through the interface for programming and stored in the memory. 6. The extended capability global positioning system of claim 4 wherein the interface for programming is one of the group consisting of an infrared interface, a RF interface, a hard wire interface, and a modulated wireless power circuit interface. 7. The extended capability global positioning system of claim 4 wherein the transmitter further comprises a sensor interface for programming sensory data associated with the known transmitter position into the memory through the sensor interface for transmission of the sensory data by the transmitter. 8. The extended capability global positioning system of claim 7 wherein the sensory data is indicative of hazardous material or hazardous conditions. 9. The extended capability global positioning system of claim 2 wherein the lighting infrastructure further comprises a light apparatus whereon the transmitter is disposed and for supplying power to the wireless power circuit for powering the transmitter. 10. The extended capability global positioning system of claim 9 wherein the transmitter in the plurality of transmitters is mounted on the light apparatus. 11. The extended capability global positioning system of claim 9 wherein the transmitter in the plurality of transmitters is integrated within the light apparatus. 12. The extended capability global positioning system of claim 11 wherein the transmitter in the plurality of transmitters is integrated within a light bulb. 13. The extended capability global positioning system of claim 9 wherein the light apparatus further comprises mounting and reflecting hardware for focusing and attenuating the limited range position signal transmitted by the transmitter. 14. The extended capability global positioning system of claim 1 wherein the positioning receiver further comprises a GPS receiver for receiving GPS signals, an auxiliary receiver for receiving limited range position signals, and a control circuit for selecting the auxiliary receiver when the GPS receiver is no longer accurately receiving signals. 15. The extended capability global positioning system of claim 1 wherein the positioning receiver further comprises a transmitter for transmitting an identification code for the positioning receiver and the positioning receiver first position or positioning receiver second position. 16. An extension system for a global positioning system comprising: a plurality of transmitters disposed at a plurality of positions for transmitting limited range position signals indicative of the plurality of positions said transmitters further comprising wireless power circuits for powering the transmitters and programming interfaces for programming the plurality of positions; a lighting infrastructure said lighting infrastructure further comprising light apparatuses for disposing the plurality of transmitters thereon and for supplying power to the wireless power circuits for powering the transmitters; and a positioning receiver for receiving positioning signals said positioning receiver further comprising: a GPS receiver for receiving GPS signals from the global positioning system for determining a positioning receiver first position in response to the GPS signals; an auxiliary receiver for receiving a limited range position signal from a transmitter in the plurality of transmitters for determining a positioning receiver second position in response to the limited range signal indicative of a known transmitter position; a control circuit for selecting the positioning receiver second position when the GPS signals are not being accurately received; and a transmitter for transmitting an identification code for the positioning receiver and the positioning receiver first position or positioning receiver second position. 17. The extension system for a global positioning system of claim 16 wherein the transmitters further comprise: control circuits coupled to the wireless power circuits for receiving power, for storing the known transmitter positions received from the programming interfaces, and generating gate signals representative of the stored transmitter positions; and oscillator circuits for generating carrier signals modulated by the gate signals representative of the stored known transmitter positions and for the transmitting limited range position signals indicative of the known transmitter positions. 18. The extension system for a global positioning system of claim 17 wherein the control circuits further comprise storage buffers for storing the known transmitter positions received from the programming interface and for storing environmental information related to the transmitter positions. 19. The extension system for a global positioning system of claim 16 wherein the known transmitter positions are selected from the group consisting of longitude, latitude, and altitude; street address; floor number; building name; room number; column number; aisle number; and office number. 20. The extension system for a global positioning system of claim 16 wherein the transmitters transmit at a selectable low power level with a range of several feet to a few hundred feet. 