An integrated photovoltaic system includes a plurality of individual photovoltaic modules that each convert solar energy into DC power. Each of the photovoltaic modules is coupled to a busway that combines the DC power generated by each photovoltaic module into a DC power output. The connection between each photovoltaic module and the busway is environmentally sealed, as is the electrical wiring contained within the busway. The busway is coupled to a DC to AC power inverter that provides a supply of AC power. The coupling between the busway and the power inverter is environmentally protected, such that the entire DC wiring for the photovoltaic system is environmentally sealed and the system functions as an "AC photovoltaic system" having an AC power output.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic system for providing a source of AC power, the photovoltaic system comprising: a plurality of individual photovoltaic modules for converting solar energy into DC power; an enclosed busway coupled to each of the plurality of photovoltaic modules to combine the DC power from each module and provide a DC power output, wherein each photovoltaic module includes a sealed plug member that is received in a mating sealed receptacle formed in the busway to provide an environmentally protected electrical coupling between the photovoltaic modules and the busway; and a power inverter connected to the busway for converting the DC power output from the plurality of photovoltaic modules to AC power for output from the photovoltaic system, wherein the busway provides an environmentally protected connection between the electrical wiring and the power inverter. 2. The photovoltaic system of claim 1 wherein the busway includes an outer shell defining an internal wireway sized to contain the electrical wiring interconnecting the plurality of photovoltaic modules and the power inverter, wherein the outer shell environmentally protects the electrical wiring contained within the internal wireway. 3. The photovoltaic system of claim 2 wherein the outer shell is formed from an electrically insulating material. 4. The photovoltaic system of claim 1 wherein the busway is a single, continuous member extending between the plurality of photovoltaic modules. 5. The photovoltaic system of claim 1 wherein the busway includes a plurality of individual busway segments, wherein one of the busway segments is coupled to each photovoltaic module and the plurality of busway segments are joined and environmentally sealed to define the busway. 6. The photovoltaic system of claim 5 wherein the busway segments telescopingly engage the busway segments positioned adjacent thereto. 7. The photovoltaic system of claim 5 wherein each of the busway segments includes an end plug and a receptacle such that the end plugs and receptacles of adjacent busway segments engage each other to form environmentally protected connections between the electrical wiring within the busway segments. 8. The photovoltaic system of claim 1 further comprising a plurality of support members coupled to the busway for attaching the busway and the photovoltaic modules to a support surface. 9. The photovoltaic system of claim 1 further comprising a status transmission member coupled to the power inverter for communicating the status of the power inverter to a location remote from the photovoltaic system. 10. The photovoltaic system of claim 1 further comprising a ground fault detector coupled to the AC power output of the power inverter. 11. The photovoltaic system of claim 1 further comprising a plurality of DC power storage members coupled between the plurality of photovoltaic modules and the power inverter for storing a portion of the DC power output from the plurality of photovoltaic modules prior to conversion to AC power. 12. A photovoltaic system for providing a source of AC power, the photovoltaic system comprising: a plurality of individual photovoltaic modules for converting solar energy into DC power; an enclosed busway coupled to each of the plurality of photovoltaic modules to combine the DC power from each photovoltaic module to provide a DC power output, the busway including electrical wiring interconnecting the photovoltaic modules and providing an environmentally protected connection between the electrical wiring and each of the photovoltaic modules; and a power inverter coupled to the busway for converting the DC power output from the plurality of photovoltaic modules to AC power for output from the photovoltaic system, the power inverter including a sealed plug that is received in a mating sealed receptacle formed in the busway, such that the power inverter is removably coupled to the busway and the connection between the power inverter and the busway is environmentally sealed by the interaction between the sealed plug and the sealed receptacle. 13. A photovoltaic system for converting solar energy into a source of AC power, the system comprising: a plurality of individual photovoltaic modules for converting solar energy into DC power, each photovoltaic module including a sealed plug member; an environmentally sealed busway having a plurality of sealed receptacles, each sealed receptacle receiving the sealed plug member of one of the photovoltaic modules to couple the plurality of photovoltaic modules to the busway such that the busway combines the DC power from each module and provides a DC power output; and a power inverter directly coupled to the busway for converting the DC power output to AC power for output from the photovoltaic system, wherein the couplings between the busway and the plurality of photovoltaic modules and the coupling between the busway and the power inverter are each environmentally sealed. 14. The photovoltaic system of claim 13 wherein the power inverter includes a sealed plug that is received in a mating sealed receptacle formed in the busway such that the power inverter is removably coupled to the busway and the connection between the power inverter and the busway is environmentally sealed. 15. The photovoltaic system of claim 13 wherein each photovoltaic module includes a frame member that supports a plurality of individual photovoltaic cells, wherein the frame member includes an internal wireway, such that the internal wireways of adjacent photovoltaic modules are joined to define the busway between the individual photovoltaic modules. 16. The photovoltaic system of claim 15 wherein each frame member includes an end plug and a receptacle, such that the end plugs and receptacles of adjacent frame members engage each other to form environmentally protected junctions between the photovoltaic modules. 17. The photovoltaic system of claim 13 wherein the busway includes an outer shell and electrical wiring contained within a wireway defined by the outer shell, wherein the outer shell environmentally protects the electrical wiring contained within the wireway. 18. The photovoltaic system of claim 17 wherein the busway includes a plurality of supports attached to the outer shell of the busway such that the busway and plurality of supports hold the photovoltaic system in place along a support structure. 19. A device for interconnecting a plurality of individual photovoltaic modules and providing a source of AC power, each module having a plug member that supplies DC power from the photovoltaic module, the device comprising: an enclosed busway including environmentally protected electrical wiring, the busway having a plurality of spaced sealed receptacles that each receive the plug member on one of the photovoltaic modules to connect the photovoltaic module to the electrical wiring within the busway, such that the electrical wiring within the busway combines the DC power from the plurality of photovoltaic modules and provides a DC power output, wherein the connection between the busway and each of the photovoltaic panels is environmentally sealed; and a power inverter coupled to the busway for converting the DC power output to AC power, the coupling between the power inverter and the busway being environmentally sealed such that the DC power is concealed within the device and the device provides a source of AC power. 20. The device of claim 19 wherein the busway includes an outer shell defining an internal wireway sized to contain the electrical wiring that interconnects the plurality of photovoltaic modules and the power inverter, wherein the outer shell environmentally protects the electrical wiring contained within the internal wireway. 21. The device of claim 20 wherein the outer shell is formed from an electrically insulating material. 22. The device of claim 20 wherein the outer shell includes a plurality of support members coupled the outer shell for attaching the busway to a support surface. 23. The device of claim 19 wherein the busway is a single, continuous member extending between the plurality of photovoltaic modules. 24. The device of claim 19 wherein the busway includes a plurality of individual busway segments, wherein each of the busway segments is coupled to one of the photovoltaic modules and the plurality of busway segments are joined and environmentally sealed to define the busway. 25. The device of claim 24 wherein the busway segments telescopingly engage the busway segments positioned adjacent thereto. 26. The device of claim 24 wherein each of the busway segments includes an end plug and a receptacle such that the end plugs and receptacles of adjacent busway segments engage each other to form environmentally protected connections between the electrical wiring within the busway segments. 27. The device of claim 19 wherein the power inverter includes a sealed plug member that is received in a mating sealed receptacle formed in the busway, such that the power inverter is removably coupled to the busway and the connection between the power inverter and the busway is environmentally sealed by the interaction between the sealed plug and the sealed receptacle. 