A solar battery module and its installation method are provided which are good in installation workability, which can shorten a cable, and can match various roof shapes. A distance between an output terminal and the end face of a solar battery module along a line between output terminals of adjacent solar modules is longer upon installation completion of the adjacent solar battery modules than during electrical connection of the adjacent solar battery modules.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar battery module, wherein a distance between an output terminal and an end face of a solar battery module along a line connecting output terminals of adjacent solar battery modules is longer upon installation completion of the adjacent solar battery modules than during electrical connection for the adjacent solar battery modules. 2. The solar battery module according to claim 1, wherein the solar battery module has generally a trapezoid shape, a parallelogram shape, or a trapezoid shape with one upright shorter side. 3. The solar battery module according to claim 2, wherein at least one side of opposing sides has an angle equal to an angle of a descending beam of a roof on which the solar battery module is installed. 4. The solar battery module according to claim 1, wherein the solar battery module has generally a quadrilateral shape having a pair of longer sides and at least one shorter side not having a right angle relative to the longer sides. 5. The solar battery module according to claim 1, wherein the solar battery module is subjected to bending. 6. The solar battery module according to claim 2, wherein the solar battery module is a construction material integrated solar battery module. 7. The solar battery module according to claim 1, wherein a shape of a solar cell of the solar battery module is a triangle, a trapezoid or a parallelogram. 8. The solar battery module according to claim 1, wherein a solar cell of the solar battery module is made of amorphous silicon deposited on a stainless steel substrate. 9. The solar battery module according to claim 1, wherein a transparent film is formed on a surface of the solar battery module. 10. The solar battery module according to claim 1, wherein the solar battery module includes a reinforcing member formed on a back surface thereof. 11. The solar battery module according to claim 1, wherein the output terminal of the solar battery module is connected to an electrical wire with a connector. 12. A solar battery module installing method, wherein a plurality of solar battery modules recited in claim 11 are disposed, and adjacent solar battery modules are connected by pulling the electrical wires with the connectors of the solar battery modules from broader angle sides of the end faces of the solar battery modules. 13. A solar battery array wherein a plurality of solar battery modules recited in claim 1 are connected. 14. The solar battery array according to claim 13, wherein the solar battery modules are disposed in a vertical tile bar roof shape along a roof rafter direction and connected by wiring members which are passed through a space between the solar battery modules and a roof base plate. 15. The solar battery array according to claim 13, wherein the solar battery modules are disposed in a horizontal tile roof shape along a roof main beam direction and connected by wiring members which are passed through a space between the solar battery modules and a roof base plate. 16. A solar power generator, wherein the solar battery array recited in claim 13 is connected to an inverter or a connection box which controls an output of the solar battery array. 17. A solar power generator, wherein the solar battery array recited in claim 13 is connected systematically via an inverter which controls an output of the solar battery array. 18. A solar battery module installing method, wherein a distance between an output terminal and an end face of a solar battery module along a line connecting output terminals of adjacent solar battery modules is made longer upon installation completion of the adjacent solar battery modules than during electrical connection of the adjacent solar battery modules. 19. A solar battery module having photoelectromotive force elements, a support plate and an electrical wire, capable of electrically connecting the electrical wire to an electrical wire of another solar battery module, wherein a distance between a start point where the electrical wire is connected to the support plate and a cross point where the electrical wire crosses one side of the solar battery module, when the electrical wire of the solar battery module is connected to the electrical wire of the other solar battery module and both solar battery modules are spaced so that both electrical wires extend straight, is shorter than half a distance between the start point of the solar battery module and the start point of the other solar battery module, when the solar battery modules are adjacent to one another. 20. A solar battery module comprising: a wiring, one end of which is fixed to a start point, a photovoltaic element, and a supporting plate, wherein a wire drawing out side of said supporting plate is inclined with regard to another two sides sandwiching the wire drawing out side and wherein a distance from the start point to the other end of said wiring is shorter than a maximum distance from the start point to the end of the wire drawing out side. 21. A method for mounting a solar battery module comprising: a wiring, one end of which is fixed to a start point, a photovoltaic element, and a supporting plate, wherein a wire drawing out side of said supporting plate is inclined with regard to another two sides sandwiching the wire drawing out side and wherein a distance from the start point to the other end of said wiring is shorter than a maximum distance from the start point to the end of the wire drawing out side. 22. A roof comprising a solar battery module comprising: a wiring, one end of which is fixed to a start point, a photovoltaic element, and a supporting plate, wherein a wire drawing out side of said supporting plate is inclined with regard to another two sides sandwiching the wire drawing out side and wherein a distance from the start point to the other end of said wiring is shorter than a maximum distance from the start point to the end of the wire drawing out side. 