A capacitive grounding system for VHF and UHF antennas (50). An outer shield (70) of a coaxial feed cable (52) is capacitively coupled to a vehicle body panel (60) proximate an edge (74) of the body panel (60) adjacent a vehicle window opening. The feed cable (52) is attached to the body panel (60) by tape (66) or glue. The resulting capacitance between the outer shield (70) and the vehicle body panel (60) provides a very low impedance path for RF signals.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An antenna system for a vehicle, said antenna system comprising: an antenna element; a coaxial antenna feed cable including a center conductor, a dielectric layer surrounding the center conductor, and an outer shield surrounding the dielectric layer, said center conductor being electrically coupled to the antenna element; and a vehicle body panel, said body panel including an edge proximate the antenna element, said feed cable being mounted to the body panel proximate the edge so that the outer shield is capacitively coupled to the body panel to provide an antenna ground, wherein one end of the outer shield is substantially aligned with the edge. 2. The antenna system according to claim 1 wherein the antenna element is formed on a vehicle window and said body panel is adjacent to an opening in which the window is mounted, said edge defining the opening. 3. The antenna system according to claim 2 wherein the antenna element is formed on an inside surface of the window, and wherein the center conductor is directly connected to the antenna element. 4. The antenna system according to claim 2 wherein the window is a vehicle windshield, said antenna element being formed between outer and inner glass layers of the windshield. 5. The antenna system according to claim 4 further comprising a conductive patch formed on an inside surface of the inner glass layer, said center conductor being electrically connected to the patch and said patch being capacitively coupled to the antenna element through the inner glass layer. 6. The antenna system according to claim 1 wherein the antenna element is part of an antenna selected from the group consisting of cellular antennas, Solar-Ray antennas, toll antennas, garage door antennas, radar antennas, RFA antennas, keyless entry antennas, PCS antennas and GPS antennas. 7. The antenna system according to claim 1 wherein the cable is mounted to the body panel by a fastening device selected from the group consisting of glue and tape. 8. The antenna system according to claim 1 wherein the antenna element is positioned in an upper tinted region of a vehicle windshield. 9. The antenna system according to claim 1 wherein the outer shield is mounted to the vehicle body panel within one-twentieth of the desirable reception wavelength from the edge. 10. An antenna system for a vehicle, said antenna system comprising: a vehicle windshield; a Solar-Ray antenna formed in the windshield; a high frequency antenna element positioned in the windshield adjacent an upper edge of the windshield; a coaxial antenna feed cable including a center conductor, a dielectric layer surrounding the center conductor, and an outer shield surrounding the dielectric layer, said center conductor being capacitively coupled to the antenna element; and a vehicle body panel, said body panel including an edge proximate the antenna element, said feed cable being mounted to the body panel proximate the edge so that the outer shield is capacitively coupled to the body panel to provide an antenna ground, wherein one end of the outer shield is substantially aligned with the edge. 11. The antenna system according to claim 10 further comprising a conductive patch formed on an inside surface of an inner glass layer, said center conductor being electrically connected to the patch and said patch being capacitively coupled to the antenna element through the inner glass layer. 12. The antenna system according to claim 10 wherein the antenna element is formed on an inside surface of the windshield, and the center conductor is directly connected to the antenna element. 13. The antenna system according to claim 10 wherein the antenna element is part of an antenna selected from the group consisting of cellular antennas, Solar-Ray antennas, toll antennas, garage door antennas, radar antennas, RFA antennas, PCS antennas and GPS antennas. 14. The antenna system according to claim 10 wherein the feed cable is mounted to the body panel by a fastening device selected from the group consisting of glue and tape. 15. The antenna system according to claim 10 wherein the outer shield is mounted to the vehicle body panel within one-twentieth of the desirable reception wavelength from the edge. 16. A method of connecting a coaxial antenna feed cable to a vehicle antenna element, said method comparing the steps of: mounting the cable to a vehicle body panel, wherein said body includes an edge proximate the antenna element, so that an outer shield of the cable is capacitively coupled to the body panel to provide an antenna ground, wherein one end of the outer shield is substantially aligned with the edge; and electrically coupling a center conductor of the feed cable to the antenna element. 17. The method according to claim 16 wherein the step of mounting includes mounting the cable to a vehicle body panel adjacent a vehicle window, said antenna element being on the vehicle window. 18. The method according to claim 16 wherein the step of mounting includes using glue to mount the cable. 