The present invention provides a photovoltaic device being capable of generating a large amount of current even with thin joined semiconductor layers, has a high photoelectric conversion efficiency and can be manufactured inexpensively at a low temperature together with a manufacturing method of the same, a photovoltaic device integrated with a building material and a power-generating apparatus. The photovoltaic device is formed by depositing joined semiconductor layers on a substrate, wherein a ratio of projected areas of regions on a surface of the joined semiconductor layers that have heights not smaller than a center value of concavities and convexities to a projected area of the entire surface of the joined semiconductor layers is higher than a ratio of projected areas of regions on the surface of the substrate that have heights not smaller than the center value of concavities and convexities on a surface of the substrate to a projected area of the entire surface of the substrate.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic device comprising joined semiconductor layers on a substrate, wherein the substrate has a substantially planar surface with (a) concavities and convexities, (b) a highest point, and (c) a lowest point, such that (i) a substrate center value that is the mean elevation between said highest point and said lowest point can be determined, (ii) a total, TA.sub.sub-above, of projected areas of regions of the substrate surface that lie at or above the substrate center value can be determined, each said projected area being the cross-sectional area of a columnar projection extending perpendicular from the region, and (iii) a total, TA.sub.sub-entire, of the projected area of the entire substrate surface can be determined; and the joined semiconductor layers have a substantially planar surface with (d) concavities and convexities, (e) a highest point, and (f) a lowest point, such that (iv) a semiconductor center value that is the mean elevation between said highest point and said lowest point can be determined, (v) a total, TA.sub.semi-above, of projected areas of regions of the surface of the joined semiconductor layers that lie at or above the semiconductor center value can be determined, each projected area being the cross-sectional area of a columnar projection extending perpendicular from the region, and (vi) a total, TA.sub.semi-entire, of the projected area of the entire surface of the joined semiconductor layers can be determined; and wherein the ratio of TA.sub.sub-above to TA.sub.sub-entire is greater than the ratio of TA.sub.sub-above to TA.sub.sub-entire. 2. The photovoltaic device according to claim 1, wherein the ratio of TA.sub.semi-above to TA.sub.semi-entire is 10% or more greater than the ratio of TA.sub.sub-above to TA.sub.sub-entire. 3. The photovoltaic device according to claim 1, wherein the joined semiconductor layers comprise a first semiconductor layer selected from the group consisting of n type and p type semiconductor layers, a second semiconductor layer selected from the group consisting of weak n type, weak p type and i type semiconductor layers and a third semiconductor layer which is different from the first semiconductor layer and is selected from the group consisting of n type and p type semiconductor layers. 4. The photovoltaic device according to claim 3, wherein the i type semiconductor layer comprises a microcrystalline semiconductor. 5. The photovoltaic device according to claim 3, wherein a quotient of a short-circuit current under sunlight of A.M. 1.5 (100 mW/cm.sup.2) divided by a thickness of the second semiconductor layer is 20 mA/cm.sup.2 /.mu.m or higher. 6. The photovoltaic device according to claim 1, wherein the substrate comprises a first electrode layer, and wherein a second electrode layer is provided on the joined semiconductor layers. 7. The photovoltaic device according to claim 1, wherein a mean height of the surface of the substrate is 100 to 150 nm and a mean centerline roughness Ra of the surface of the substrate is 100 to 200 nm, and wherein the ratio of TA.sub.sub-above to TA.sub.sub-entire is 40 to 80%. 8. The photovoltaic device according to claim 1, wherein the surface of the substrate comprises at least one metal selected from the group consisting of stainless steel, silver, iron, nickel and aluminium. 9. The photovoltaic device according to claim 1, wherein a transparent conductive layer comprising at least one oxide selected from the group consisting of zinc oxide, tin oxide, indium oxide and titanium oxide is provided on the surface of the substrate. 10. The photovoltaic device according to claim 1, wherein at least a part of the joined semiconductor layers comprises silicone, hydrogen and a crystalline phase, the crystalline phase exhibiting a peak indicative of a (220) surface when analyzed by X-ray diffraction. 11. The photovoltaic device according to claim 1, wherein at least a part of the joined semiconductor layers comprises silicon, hydrogen and a crystalline phase, the crystalline phase exhibiting a peak at 510 to 530 cm.sup.-1 when analyzed by Ramam spectroscopy using a laser beam of 514.5 nm. 12. The photovoltaic device according to claim 1, wherein there are provided two or more sets of the joined semiconductor layers, each set comprising a first semiconductor layer selected from the group consisting of n type and p type semiconductor layers, a second semiconductor layer selected from the group consisting of weak n type, weak p type and i type semiconductor layers and a third semiconductor layer which is different from the first semiconductor layer and is selected from the group consisting of n type and p type semiconductor layers. 13. The photovoltaic device according to claim 12, wherein a quotient of a short-circuit current under sunlight of A.M. 1.5 (100 mW/cm.sup.2) divided by a thickness of the second semiconductor layer is 20 mA/cm.sup.2 /.mu.m or higher. 14. The photovoltaic device according to claim 12, wherein at least one layer of the i type semiconductor layers comprises a microcrystalline semiconductor. 15. A photovoltaic device integrated with a building material comprising: a photovoltaic device comprising joined semiconductor layers on a substrate; a back surface reinforcing member; and a sealing member which integrally seals the photovoltaic device and the back surface reinforcing member, wherein the substrate has a substantially planar surface with (a) concavities and convexities, (b) a highest point, and (c) a lowest point, such that (i) a substrate center value that is the mean elevation between said highest point and said lowest point can be determined, (ii) a total, TA.sub.sub-above, of projected areas of regions of the substrate surface that lie at or above the substrate center value can be determined, each said projected area being the cross-sectional area of a columnar projection extending perpendicular from the region, and (iii) a total, TA.sub.sub-entire, of the projected area of the entire substrate surface can be determined; and the joined semiconductor layers have a substantially planar surface with (d) concavities and convexities, (e) a highest point, and (f) a lowest point, such that (iv) a semiconductor center value that is the mean elevation between said highest point and said lowest point can be determined, (v) a total, TA.sub.semi-above, of projected areas of regions of the surface of the joined semiconductor layers that lie at or above the semiconductor center value can be determined, each projected area being the cross-sectional area of a columnar projection extending perpendicular from the region, and (vi) a total, TA.sub.semi-entire, of the projected area of the entire surface of the joined semiconductor layers can be determined; and wherein the ratio of TA.sub.semi-above to TA.sub.semi-entire is greater than the ratio of TA.sub.sub-above to TA.sub.sub-entire. 16. A power-generating apparatus comprising: a photovoltaic device comprising joined semiconductor layers on a substrate; a power converter into which electric power from the photovoltaic device is input; detecting means which detects an output voltage and output current from the photovoltaic device; output setting means into which signals are input from the detecting means; and a control circuit which controls the power converter on the basis of the signals input into the output setting means, wherein the substrate has a substantially planar surface with (a) concavities and convexities, (b) a highest point, and (c) a lowest point, such that (i) a substrate center value that is the mean elevation between said highest point and said lowest point can be determined, (ii) a total, TA.sub.sub-above, of projected areas of regions of the substrate surface that lie at or above the substrate center value can be determined, each said projected area being the cross-sectional area of a columnar projection extending perpendicular from the region, and (iii) a total, TA.sub.sub-entire, of the projected area of the entire substrate surface can be determined; and the joined semiconductor layers have a substantially planar surface with (d) concavities and convexities, (e) a highest point, and (f) a lowest point, such that (iv) a semiconductor center value that is the mean elevation between said highest point and said lowest point can be determined, (v) a total, TA.sub.semi-above, of projected areas of regions of the surface of the joined semiconductor layers that lie at or above the semiconductor center value can be determined, each projected area being the cross-sectional area of a columnar projection extending perpendicular from the region, and (vi) a total, TA.sub.semi-entire, of the projected area of the entire surface of the joined semiconductor layers can be determined; and wherein the ratio of TA.sub.semi-above to TA.sub.semi-entire is greater than the ratio of TA.sub.sub-above to TA.sub.sub-entire. 17. The power-generating apparatus according to claim 16, wherein a plurality of the photovoltaic devices are connected in series or parallel. 18. The power-generating apparatus according to claim 16, wherein the power converter comprises a DC/DC converter using a self arc-suppression type switching element or a self excitation type DC/AC inverter. 19. The power-generating apparatus according to claim 16, wherein the output setting means determines an output setting value by performing calculations on the basis of detection signals from the detecting means to control an output voltage from the photovoltaic device to a predetermined value. 20. The power-generating apparatus according to claim 16, wherein the control circuit is a gate driving circuit which generates gate pulses by instantaneous current comparison or sinusoidal wave/triangular wave comparison. 