A tube cutting device for cutting tubes, holding a reamer, and containing measuring devices. The tube cutting device includes a base portion, having a facing wall, a back wall, a first side wall, a second side wall, a bottom wall and a top wall. A first bore in the base portion extends through the top and bottom walls of the base portion. A bar for mounting in the first bore has a first end and a second end. The bar has a first and second of opposing wall. The bar is slidably mounted in the first bore such that the second opposing wall faces the facing wall. A first slot in the bar extends into the second end of the bar. A circular knife for cutting a tube is rotatably mounted in the first slot of the bar. An arm portion is fixedly coupled to the first wall of the base portion. The arm portion has a generally J-shaped configuration. A plurality of rollers adapted for rolling contact with an exterior surface of the tube are rotatably mounted in an interior surface of the arm portion.
Claims I claim: 1. A releasable tube cutting device for cutting tubes and wearing on the belt of a user, said device comprising: a base portion, said base portion having a facing wall, a back wall, a first side wall, a second side wall, a bottom wall and a top wall; a first bore in said base portion, said first bore extending through said top and bottom walls of said base portion; a bar for mounting in said first bore, said bar having a first end and a second end, said bar having a first and a second opposing wall, wherein said bar is slidably mounted in said first bore such that said second opposing wall faces said facing wall; a first slot in said bar, said first slot extending into said second end of said bar; a knife for cutting a tube, said knife being a circular knife, said knife being rotatably mounted in said first slot of said bar; an arm portion, said arm portion being fixedly coupled to said back wall of said base portion, said arm portion having a generally J-shaped configuration; a plurality of rollers adapted for rolling contact with an exterior surface of the tube, said rollers being rotatably mounted in an interior surface of said arm portions; wherein said generally J-shaped arm portion has a long portion and a hook portion, said arm portion having an interior wall, an exterior wall, a first side wall and a second side wall, said interior wall of said arm portion being generally opposed to said top wall of said base portion such that said hook portion is generally adjacent and opposed to said knife; a bracket for holding a pencil, said bracket being located on said long portion of said arm portion, said bracket being on said first side wall of said arm portion. 2. The releasable tube cutting device for cutting tubes and wearing on the belt of a user as in claim 1, said device further comprising: a cavity within an interior of said base portion, said cavity extending generally between said facing wall and said first bore, a portion of said cavity having an opening extending into said first bore, said opening being located generally adjacent to said top wall of said base portion; a second bore in said base portion, said second bore being in said facing wall of said base portion, said second bore extending into said cavity; a plurality of notches in said bar, said notches being in said second opposing wall of said bar; a selective securing means for selectively securing said bar with respect to said base portion, said selective securing means comprising: a pawl for selectively engaging said notches; a button for actuating said pawl, said button being releasably mounted in said second bore of said base potion; and a second spring for urging said button into said unengaged position, said spring being mounted in said cavity. 3. The releasable tube cutting device for cutting tubes and wearing on the belt of a user as in claim 1, further including: a reamer for enlarging holes, said reamer being fixedly mounted to said arm portion. 4. The releasable tube cutting device for cutting tubes and wearing on the belt of a user as in claim 3, further including: a clip for holding said device to the belt of a user, said clip being fixedly mounted to said second side wall of said arm portion, said clip being generally located on said long portion of said arm portion. 5. The releasable tube cutting device for cutting tubes and wearing on the belt of a user as in claim 3, further comprising: a scriber, said scriber being mounted in a bore in said exterior wall of said hook portion of said arm portion, said scriber being fixedly coupled to a selectively engaging means adapted for raising and lowering said scriber. 6. The releasable tube cutting device for cutting tubes and wearing on the belt of a user as in claim 1, further comprising: a first measuring device, said first measuring device comprising: a wheel, said wheel being rotatably mounted in said exterior wall of said hook portion, a microprocessor adapted to convert rotation of said wheel into a length measurement, said microprocessor being operationally coupled to said wheel; a display for displaying information from said microprocessor, said display being mounted on said facing wall of said arm portion; and a power supply for powering said microprocessor, said power supply being a battery, said battery being mounted in said second wall and generally located adjacent to said solar panel. 7. The releasable tube cutting device for cutting tubes and wearing on the belt of a user as in claim 6, further comprising: a second measuring device, said second measuring device being a wire releasably wound in said arm portion, said wire having a first end having a tab thereon, said tab being outside of said arm portion, said microprocessor being adapted to convert withdrawing wire from said arm portion into a length measurement. 8. A tube cutting device for cutting tubes and wearing on the belt of a user, said device comprising: a base portion, said base portion having a facing wall, a back wall, a first side wall, a second side wall, a bottom wall and a top wall; a first bore in said base portion, said first bore extending through said top and bottom walls of said base portion; a bar for mounting in said first bore, said bar having a first end and a second end, said bar having a first and a second opposing wall, wherein said bar is slidably mounted in said first bore such that said second opposing wall faces said facing wall; a first slot in said bar, said first slot extending into said second end of said bar; a knife for cutting a tube, said knife being a circular knife, said knife being rotatably mounted in said first slot of said bar; an arm portion, said arm portion being fixedly coupled to said back wall of said base portion, said arm portion having a generally J-shaped configuration; a plurality of rollers adapted for rolling contact with an exterior surface of the tube, said rollers being rotatably mounted in an interior surface of said arm portion; wherein said generally J-shaped arm portion has a long portion and a hook portion, said arm portion having an interior wall, an exterior wall, a first side wall and a second side wall, said interior wall of said arm portion being generally opposed to said top wall of said base portion such that said hook portion is generally adjacent and opposed to said knife; a reamer for enlarging holes, said reamer being fixedly mounted to said arm portion; and a scriber mounted in a bore on said hook portion of said arm portion, said scriber being fixedly coupled to a selectively engaging means for selectively extending and retracting said scriber with respect to said bore. 9. The releasable tube cutting device for cutting tubes and wearing on the belt of a user as in claim 8, further including: a bracket for holding a pencil, said bracket being located on said long portion of said arm portion. 10. The tube cutting device of claim 8, said device further comprising: a cavity within an interior of said base portion, said cavity extending generally between said facing wall and said first bore, a portion of said cavity having an opening extending into said first bore, said opening being located generally adjacent to said top wall of said base portion; a second bore in said base portion, said second bore being in said facing wall of said base portion, said second bore extending into said cavity; a plurality of notches in said bar, said notches being in said second opposing wall of said bar; a selective securing means for selectively securing said bar with respect to said base portion, said selective securing means comprising: a pawl for selectively engaging said notches; a button for actuating said pawl, said button being releasably mounted in said second bore of said base potion; and a second spring for urging said button into said unengaged position, said spring being mounted in said cavity. 11. The tube cutting device of claim 8, further including a clip for holding said device to the belt of a user, said clip being mounted on said arm portion. 12. A tube cutting device for cutting tubes and wearing on the belt of a user, said device comprising: a base portion, said base portion having a facing wall, a back wall, a first side wall, a second side wall, a bottom wail and a top wall; a first bore in said base portion, said first bore extending through said top and bottom walls of said base portion; a bar for mounting in said first bore, said bar having a first end and a second end, said bar having a first and a second opposing wall, wherein said bar is slidably mounted in said first bore such that said second opposing wall faces said facing wall; a first slot in said bar, said first slot extending into said second end of said bar; a knife for cutting a tube, said knife being a circular knife, said knife being rotatably mounted in said first slot of said bar; an arm portion, said arm portion being fixedly coupled to said back wall of said base portion, said arm portion having a generally J-shaped configuration; a plurality of rollers adapted for rolling contact with an exterior surface of the tube, said rollers being rotatably mounted in an interior surface of said arm portion; wherein said generally J-shaped arm portion has a long portion and a hook portion, said arm portion having an interior wall, an exterior wall, a first side wall and a second side wall, said interior wall of said arm portion being generally opposed to said top wall of said base portion such that said hook portion is generally adjacent and opposed to said knife; a first measuring device, said first measuring device comprising: a wheel, said wheel being rotatably mounted in said exterior wall of said hook portion, a microprocessor adapted to convert rotation of said wheel into a length measurement, said microprocessor being operationally coupled to said wheel; a display for displaying information from said microprocessor, said display being mounted on said facing wall of said arm portion; and a power supply for powering said microprocessor, said power supply being a battery, said battery being mounted in said second wall and generally located adjacent to said solar panel. 13. The tube cutting device of claim 12, further comprising a second measuring device, said second measuring device being a wire releasably wound in said arm portion, said wire having a first end having a tab thereon, said tab being outside of said arm portion, said microprocessor being adapted to convert withdrawing wire from said arm portion into a length measurement. 14. The tube cutting device of claim 12, said device further comprising: a cavity within an interior of said base portion, said cavity extending generally between said facing wall and said first bore, a portion of said cavity having an opening extending into said first bore, said opening being located generally adjacent to said top wall of said base portion; a second bore in said base portion, said second bore being in said facing wall of said base portion, said second bore extending into said cavity; a plurality of notches in said bar, said notches being in said second opposing wall of said bar; a selective securing means for selectively securing said bar with respect to said base portion, said selective securing means comprising: a pawl for selectively engaging said notches; a button for actuating said pawl, said button being releasably mounted in said second bore of said base potion; and a second spring for urging said button into said unengaged position, said spring being mounted in said cavity. 15. The tube cutting device of claim 12, further including a bracket for holding a pencil, said bracket being located on said long portion of said arm portion. 16. The tube cutting device of claim 12, further including a reamer for enlarging holes, said reamer being fixedly mounted to said arm portion. 17. The tube cutting device of claim 12, further including a clip for holding said device to the belt of a user, said clip being mounted on said arm portion. 