The invention is directed to a system for controlling lawn and garden watering by using electronic sensors to detect the moisture in a lawn. A probe determines the soil water content and powers a signaling device which operates switches for either signaling the need for more water or to stop watering to prevent over-watering. The status of the moisture in the soil is indicated by raising a flag or lighting a strobe light for a visual signal.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for controlling lawn and garden watering by using electronic probes, said system consisting of: base means for mounting and containing said system, power supply means for powering said system, mounted on said base, signaling means mounted within said base means for calibrating and adjusting said system for soil water content, probe means for determining the water content of soil, said probe means connected to said signaling means, a first trigger arm rotatably mounted on said base means, said trigger arm being biased against rotation by a leaf spring, a first solenoid coil mounted on said base for operating said first trigger arm in response to said signaling means, a first flag arm operatively connected to said first trigger arm and having a flag mounted on a first end, said first flag arm having spring means for rotating said flag arm, a second trigger arm rotatably mounted on said base means, said trigger arm being biased against rotation by a leaf spring, a second solenoid coil mounted on said base for operating said second trigger arm in response to said signaling means, and a second flag arm operatively connected to said second trigger arm, said second flag arm having spring means for rotating said second flag arm. 2. A system for controlling lawn and garden watering as recited in claim 1 wherein said signaling means consists of an analog display and a first and second contact, and having switching means mounted on a needle for activating each of said first and second solenoid coils as determined by said probe means. 3. A system for controlling lawn and garden watering as recited in claim 1 wherein said signaling means consists of a digital, electronic control. 4. A system for controlling lawn and garden watering as recited in claim 1 wherein said power supply consists of a solar array panel. 5. A system for controlling lawn and garden watering as recited in claim 1 wherein said power supply consists of an external voltage for operating said probe means. 6. A system for controlling lawn and garden watering as recited in claim 1 wherein said power supply means consists of a solar array panel and a battery wherein electrical energy is collected by said solar array panel and stored within said battery. 7. A system for controlling lawn and garden watering as recited in claim 1 wherein said power supply means consists of a solar array panel and a condenser wherein electrical energy is collected by said solar array panel and stored within said condenser. 8. A system for controlling lawn and garden watering as recited in claim 1 wherein sprinkler control "Off" and "On" switches are mounted on said base and controlled by said first and second flag arms. 9. A system for controlling lawn and garden watering as recited in claim 8 wherein an R/F transmitter is mounted on -said base and controlled by said "Off" and "On" switches and an R/F receiver electronic switching means providing a signal and directly activating and de-activating said watering system. 10. A system for controlling lawn and garden watering as recited in claim 1 wherein sprinkler control "OFF" and "ON" switches are mounted on said base and controlled by electronic signaling means. 11. A system for controlling lawn and garden watering as recited in claim 1 wherein a low voltage strobe light and "Off" and "On" switches are mounted on said base and controlled by said first and second flag arms. 12. A system for controlling lawn and garden watering as recited in claim 1 wherein said system is mounted remotely from said probe means and communicating with said probe means. 13. A system for controlling lawn and garden watering as recited in claim 1 wherein said probe means consists of a plurality of moisture probes, each probe having a distinct signal indicating the condition of the surrounding soil. 