A method and apparatus for the inspection of a substrate provides consistent detection of defects such as cracks, differentiates between different types of defects, and, does not excessively heat the substrate. An infrared radiating source produces infrared energy which illuminates the substrate in a uniform manner at an incident angle. An infrared camera collects a portion of the infrared light which is reflected from the substrate. An image is created from the collected light which includes indicia of the defect. The image is examined as the incident angle is varied for changes in the appearance of the indicia.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for detecting a defect in a solar cell comprising: an infrared annular ring illuminator radiating source spaced from said solar cell and positioned to substantially uniformly illuminate said solar cell with infrared light, said infrared ring illuminator radiating source being spirally coiled heater wire formed into an annular ring and having a first opening; an insulator coupled to said spirally coiled heater wire for supporting said spirally coiled heater wire, said insulator having a second opening, said insulator positioned such that said solar cell is visible to said camera through said second opening; an infrared camera with a lens positioned to collect reflected infrared light from said solar cell, said ring illuminator infrared radiating source positioned between said lens and said substrate such that said solar cell is visible to said camera through said first opening; and, means for creating an image from said reflected infrared light, said image including indicia representative of said defect. 2. The apparatus as in claim 1, wherein said insulator further comprises a circular annular groove facing said solar cell, and, said spirally coiled heater wire is positioned within said circular annular groove. 3. An apparatus for detecting defects in a solar cell and for determining a type of said defect comprises: an infrared ring illuminator radiating source spaced from said solar cell and positioned to substantially uniformly illuminate said solar cell with infrared light at an incident angle; an infrared camera with a lens positioned to collect reflected infrared light from said solar cell; means for creating an image from said reflected infrared light, said image including indicia representative of said defect; and, means to change said incident angle, wherein said indicia representative of a surface anomaly type defect is a dark image which changes to a bright image as said incident angle is increased. 4. An apparatus for detecting defects in a solar cell and for determining a type of said defect comprises: an infrared ring illuminator radiating source spaced from said solar cell and positioned to substantially uniformly illuminate said solar cell with infrared light at an incident angle; an infrared camera with a lens positioned to collect reflected infrared light from said solar cell; means for creating an image from said reflected infrared light, said image including indicia representative of said defect; and, means to change said incident angle, wherein said indicia representative of a delamination type defect is a bright image which remains a bright image with said change of said incident angle. 5. A method for detecting a defect in a substrate and for determining at type of said defect comprising the steps of: illuminating said substrate with an infrared light source in an approximately uniform manner at an incident angle; collecting reflected infrared light from said substrate; producing an image from said reflected infrared light; examining said image for indicia representative of said defect; and, varying said incident angle while continuously monitoring said image for changes in the appearance of the indicia. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein the step of varying said incident angle further comprises the step of varying said incident angle by moving said infrared light source closer to or further away from said substrate. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the step of varying said incident angle while continuously monitoring said image further comprises the step of changing said incident angle while continuously monitoring said image, a crack type defect producing a dark image at all said incident angles, and, a surface anomaly type defect producing a dark image which changes to a bright image as said incident angle is increased. 