A solar tracker operates on a single axis, but partially simulates a dual-axis tracker by adjusting tilt angle as the tracker rotates. The tracker is disclosed in particular embodiments which fit efficiently within a hemispherical transparent dome.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar tracker driven on a single axis which generally approximates the sun tracking of a dual axis tracker by varying tilt throughout the day, comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic cells mounted in an array on a frame or mounting plate, first pivot mounting means providing for rotation of the array and frame about a first axis, with the array being generally obliquely tilted relative to the first axis, a housing or base to which said first pivot mounting means is secured, motor means for driving the array in rotation about said first axis such that the array generally faces the direction of the sun and generally tracks the sun through at least a major portion of the day, second pivot mounting means for providing for rotation of the array and frame about a second axis which is generally perpendicular to the first axis and so oriented as to generally vary the tilt angle of the array relative to the first axis and relative to the horizon, when the array is rotated about said second axis, a tilt correction guide track secured to the housing or base, the guide track defining a generally C-shaped path which defines an approximate plane tilted obliquely relative to the first axis, and guide track follower means secured to the frame or mounting plate carrying the array and comprising a projection extending rigidly from the frame or mounting plate, with a guide track follower on the projection positioned to engage with and follow the guide track as the array is rotated about said first axis, so as to vary the tilt of the array by causing rotation of the array on said second pivot mounting means and about said second axis, generally but not completely following the sun's changes in elevation during the day. 2. The solar tracker of claim 1, wherein said first axis is positioned generally vertical. 3. The solar tracker of claim 2, wherein said second axis is positioned generally horizontally. 4. The solar tracker of claim 1, wherein the correction guide track comprises at least a portion of a ring, and wherein the guide track follower comprises a fork at the end of said projection, engaging over the ring. 5. The solar tracker of claim 1, further including a hemispherical transparent dome surrounding the solar tracker. 