The present invention relates to a vacuum lamination apparatus suitable for vacuum-laminating a stacked body. The vacuum lamination apparatus includes a mounting table including a metal plate having a front surface on which the stacked body is to be positioned. The apparatus also includes a vacuuming pipe comprising a looped hollow pipe having an inside circumference and a plurality of vents spacedly perforated at the inside circumference thereof. The vacuuming pipe is arranged in and fixed to the front surface of the metal plate. The front surface of the metal plate has a front surface with a center line average height of 0.2 to 1.5 .mu.m. The vacuuming pipe is fixed to the front surface of the metal plate by intermittently welded portions provided at a contact region between the front surface of the metal plate and the vacuuming pipe. A sealant is disposed to the entire contact region, whereby the vacuuming pipe and the metal plate are integrated.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A vacuum lamination apparatus suitable for vacuum-laminating a stacked body, said vacuum lamination apparatus comprising: a mounting table comprising a metal plate having a front surface on which the stacked body is to be positioned; and a vacuuming pipe comprising a looped hollow pipe having an inside circumference and a plurality of vents spacedly perforated at the inside circumference thereof, said vacuuming pipe being arranged in and fixed to the front surface of the metal plate, wherein the front surface of the metal Plate has a center line average height of 0.2 to 1.5 .mu.m, the vacuuming pipe is fixed to the front surface of the metal plate by means of intermittently welded portions provided at a contact region between the front surface of the metal plate and said vacuuming pipe, and a sealant disposed to the entire contact region, whereby said vacuuming pipe and the metal plate are integrated. 2. A vacuum lamination apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said apparatus is used in the production of a solar cell module. 3. The vacuum lamination apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the metal plate comprises steel. 4. A process for fabricating a vacuum lamination apparatus suitable for vacuum-laminating a stacked body, the vacuum lamination apparatus comprising a mounting table having a front surface on which the stacked body is to be positioned and a vacuuming pipe comprising a looped hollow pipe having an inside circumference and a plurality of vents spacedly perforated at the inside circumference thereof, the vacuuming pipe being arranged in and fixed to the front surface of the mounting table, said process comprising the steps of: providing a metal plate having a front surface with a center line average height of 0.2 to 1.5 .mu.m as the mounting table; spot-welding the vacuuming pipe to the front surface of the metal plate while contacting the vacuuming pipe to the front surface of the metal plate; and applying a sealant to an entire contact region between the vacuuming pipe and the front surface of the metal plate to integrate the vacuuming pipe and the metal plate. 5. The process according to claim 4, wherein the metal plate comprises steel. 