A photovoltaic module has a cathode and anode acting as electrodes for collecting an output power. When the photovoltaic module is installed on a roof of a building for example, the cathode is located at a position higher than the anode.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic device adapted to be mounted on a roof, the roof defining a ridge and an eaves and having an underlying member, the photovoltaic device comprising: a roof panel including a photovoltaic module, the photovoltaic module comprising a substrate, and a cathode and an anode disposed on the substrate near a first and a second end portion of the roof panel, respectively; and a support fitting attached to the roof panel on a lower surface thereof near the second end portion thereof, the support fitting being adapted to be mounted on the underlying member of the roof such that the first end portion of the roof panel is located closer to the ridge and the second end portion is located closer to the eaves. 2. The photovoltaic device of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic module further comprises a plurality of photoelectric conversion cells formed on the substrate and disposed between the cathode and the anode, and resin formed on the surface of the substrate to encapsulate the photoelectric conversion cells, the cathode and the anode. 3. The photovoltaic device of claim 1, wherein the support fitting is detachably attached to the roof panel, and wherein the support fitting has an insertion section opening toward the eaves and adapted for receiving and retaining a first end portion of an adjacent roof panel when mounted on the underlying member of the roof. 4. The photovoltaic device of claim 3, wherein the roof panel further includes a plate-shaped mounting member joined to a lower surface of the photovoltaic module, the mounting member having a flange section bent downwardly near the second end portion of the roof panel for attaching the roof panel to the support fitting. 5. The photovoltaic device of claim 4, further comprising a back bearing member made of an elastic material and attached to a lower surface of the mounting member, the back bearing member being disposed between the roof panel and the underlying member of the roof to act as a cushion when the support fitting is mounted on the underling member. 6. The photovoltaic device of claim 5, wherein the roof panel further has a third and a fourth end portion extending substantially perpendicular to the first and second end portions, the third end portion defining an insertion recess and the fourth end portion defining a projection, the insertion recess being adapted to mate with a projection of an adjacent roof panel when mounted on the roof. 7. The photovoltaic device of claim 6, wherein the mounting member near the third end portion is recessed relative to the photovoltaic module and the back bearing member to provide the insertion recess, and the mounting member near the fourth end portion protrudes relative to the photovoltaic module and the back bearing member to provide the projection. 8. A photovoltaic device adapted to be mounted on a roof, the roof defining a ridge and an eaves and having an underlying member, the photovoltaic device comprising: a roof tile adapted to be mounted on the roof in an orientation with respect to the ridge and eaves; and a photovoltaic module attached to a top surface of the roof tile, the photovoltaic module having a substrate and a cathode and an anode disposed on the substrate, the cathode and anode being laterally spaced apart such that when the roof tile is mounted on the roof in the orientation, the cathode is located closer to the ridge and the anode is located closer to the eaves. 9. A photovoltaic device adapted to be mounted on a roof, the roof defining a ridge and an eaves and having an underlying member, the photovoltaic device comprising: a mount base adapted to be mounted on the roof in an orientation with respect to the ridge and eaves; and a photovoltaic module attached to a top surface of the mount base, the photovoltaic module having a substrate and a cathode and an anode disposed on the substrate, the cathode and anode being laterally spaced apart such that when the mount base is mounted on the roof in the orientation, the cathode is located closer to the ridge and the anode is located closer to the eaves. 10. A method for installing a photovoltaic module on a roof, the roof defining a ridge and an eaves and having an underlying member extending in a lateral direction between the ridge and eaves, the photovoltaic module comprising a cathode and an anode formed on a substrate and spaced apart in a lateral direction of the substrate, the method comprising mounting the photovoltaic module on the underlying member of the roof via a mounting member, wherein the cathode is disposed closer to the ridge and the anode is disposed closer to the eaves. 11. The method of claim 10, further comprising: subsequently installing another photovoltaic module on the roof located closer to the eaves than the previously installed photovoltaic module, wherein a portion of the subsequently installed photovoltaic module closer to the ridge is disposed under a portion of the previously installed photovoltaic module closer to the eaves. 