An improved method of manufacturing a solar cell receiver plate of a concentrator photovoltaic array. A plurality of strips each having its own linear electrical circuit are connected to the top surface of a primary aluminum substrate. The strips are aligned parallel to each other and laterally spaced from each other a predetermined distance. Each strip has a plurality of solar cells mounted thereon. The electrical circuits are connected together in series. Cooling fins are secured to the bottom surface of the primary aluminum substrate. The strips have been formed from a secondary aluminum substrate that had its dielectric layer adhered to its top surface by a layer of adhesive. A second layer of adhesive covers the top surface of the dielectric layer which in turn is covered by a sheet of copper to form a laminated first assembly. Eighteen strips each having their own electrical circuit on their top surface are formed on the top surface of the laminated first assembly by chemically etching away all of the unwanted copper. The strips are then segmented from the laminated first assembly and utilized on the solar cell receiver plate for a concentrator photovoltaic array. An alternate method of forming the individual strips utilizes extruded aluminum strips for the secondary aluminum substrates and stamped copper electrical circuit strips.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An improved method of manufacturing a solar cell receiver plate of a concentrator photovoltaic array comprising the following steps: (a) taking a secondary aluminum substrate having a top surface and having a length X and a width Y and covering said top surface first with a first layer of adhesive; following this a dielectric layer having a top surface is placed on said first layer of adhesive; (b) next a second layer of adhesive is applied to said top surface of said dielectric layer and following this a copper sheet is placed on said second layer of adhesive to form a laminated first assembly; (c) applying a photo resist coating to the top surface of said laminated first assembly and forming strips, each having its own linear electrical circuit, in said top surface of said first assembly by chemically etching away all of the unwanted copper in said top surface of said first assembly; said strips having a length substantially equal to X and a width Y/n where n is greater than 6; (d) segmenting said strips from said laminated first assembly; (e) fastening two or more of said strips to the top surface of a primary aluminum substrate to form a receiver plate for a concentrator photovoltaic array; (f) mounting a plurality of solar cells on the electrical circuit of each of said strips; and (g) electrically connecting the electrical circuits of said strips together. 2. An improved method of manufacturing a solar cell receiver plate as recited in claim 1 further comprising the following step: (h) attaching cooling fins to the bottom surface of said primary aluminum substrate. 3. An improved method of manufacturing a solar cell receiver plate as recited in claim 1 wherein the electrical circuits of said strips are electrically connected together in series. 4. An improved method of manufacturing a solar cell receiver plate as recited in claim 1 wherein less than 30% of said copper sheet is etched away. 5. A solar cell receiver plate comprising: a primary aluminum substrate having a top surface, a length X and a width Y; a plurality of elongated strips each having its own linear electrical circuit on its top surface; said strips being laterally spaced from each other across the length X of said aluminum substrate; the electrical circuits of said strips being electrically connected together; said strips being spaced from each other a distance D1, wherein D1 is in the range of 3-10 inches; said strips being fastened to said primary substrate; each of said strips having a secondary aluminum substrate having a top surface with a first layer of adhesive covering said top surface of said secondary aluminum substrate; a dielectric layer is positioned on said first layer of adhesive; a second layer of adhesive covers said top surface of said dielectric layer; a layer of copper in the form of a printed electrical circuit is positioned on said second layer of adhesive; and a plurality of solar cells are mounted on each of said strips on the electrical circuits. 6. A solar cell receiver plate as recited in claim 5 further comprising a plurality of cooling fins connected to the bottom surface of said primary aluminum substrate. 7. A solar cell receiver plate as recited in claim 5 wherein the electrical circuits of said strips are electrically connected together in series. 8. An improved method of manufacturing a solar cell receiver plate of a concentrator photovoltaic array comprising the following steps: (a) taking an extruded secondary aluminum substrate strip having a top surface and covering said top surface first with a first layer of adhesive and following this a dielectric layer having a top surface is placed on said first layer of adhesive; (b) next a second layer of adhesive is applied to said top surface of said dielectric layer and following this a stamped copper electrical circuit strip is placed on said second layer of adhesive to form a strip shaped laminated first assembly; (c) fastening two or more of said strip shaped laminated first assemblies to the top surface of a primary aluminum substrate to form a receiver plate for a concentrator photovoltaic array; (d) mounting a plurality of solar cells on the electrical circuit of each of said strip shaped laminated first assemblies; and (e) electrically connecting the electrical circuits of the strip shaped laminated first assemblies together. 9. An improved method of manufacturing a solar cell receiver plate as recited in claim 8 further comprising the following step: (h) attaching cooling fins to the bottom surface of said primary aluminum substrate. 10. An improved method of manufacturing a solar cell receiver plate as recited in claim 8 wherein the electrical circuits of the strip shaped laminated first assemblies are electrically connected together in series. 