A pre-programmed device and method for forming and displaying images includes: electrically powered light emitters in one or more rows that can be moved in a path generally perpendicular with the row of lights; a microprocessor(s) controlling the lights; motion or speed sensors which enable the display device; and a source of electrical power within, on, or connected to the display device is provided. The microprocessor turns the individual electrically powered light emitters on and off in a time-controlled manner to display graphics, words or messages when the display device is moved at or above a rate of speed required to be seen by humans.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A pre-programmed device for displaying images, comprising: (a) a plurality of electrically powered light emitters in one or more generally continuous rows, the display device being capable of being moved in a path generally perpendicular with the row of lights; (b) at least one microprocessor, the light emitters being under direct control of at least one microprocessor; (c) at least one motion or speed sensor within the display device; and (d) a source of electrical power within, on, or connected to the display device; and (e) at least one input/output microprocessor pin on the microprocessor; wherein at least one input/output microprocessor pin drives at least one multicolor light emitting diode; and wherein at least one of the sensors enables the microprocessor; and the microprocessor turns individual light emitters on and off in a time-controlled manner, in order that graphics, words or messages are displayed when the display device is moved at or above a rate of speed sufficient to be viewed by humans. 2. A display device according to claim 1, further comprising a mechanism for focusing the light emitters to enable direct or indirect viewing of the graphics or word display on surfaces; and without an on/off switch for the microprocessor. 3. A display device according to claim 2, wherein the device comprises a power connector for connection to an outside power source, and the light emitters are light emitting diodes. 4. A display device according to claim 2, wherein the display device further comprises a switching device for timing, the switching device comprising a tilt switch, mercury switch, centrifugal switch, reed switch, mechanical switch, photo switch, proximity switch, wind speed sensor, air flow heating element dissipation sensor, or pick-off sensor. 5. A display device according to claim 2, further comprising at least one sensor linked to the microprocessor for indicating direction of movement of the display device, and wherein the display device is rotatable. 6. A display device according to claim 5, further comprising a clear or translucent flexible tube, and a handle, the lights being enclosed within the flexible tube, the handle being attached to one end of the flexible tube, the handle containing the power system and a majority of the other components. 7. A display device according to claim 1, wherein the power source is within the display device, and comprises a solar cell, an electrically induced power device, or a drive motor field winding, or slip rings. 8. A display device according to claim 1, further comprising a printed circuit board, an electrical generator rectifying and regulating circuit within or on the display device which powers the display device, with a shaft mechanically linked with a gear or pulley and belt, or friction, or indirectly driven by a fan or impeller. 9. A display device according to claim 1, comprising a self-enclosed tilt or gravity-type switching device, the switching device comprising a reed switch or Hall effects sensor, and a magnet enclosed in a nonmetallic chamber, the magnet being movable within the nonmetallic chamber and being parallel to the reed switch. 10. A display device according to claim 9, wherein the switching device is connected to the microprocessor pin and is adapted to allow the display device to determine when it is in operation or what its position is. 11. A display device according to claim 10, further comprising a mechanical switch, light sensor device, or communications device for enabling the display device. 12. A display device according to claim 11, further comprising a means of programming, or visually indicating to a user what is being programmed through the use of a Personal Computer, Internet Service Provider (ISP) connection, portable computing device, pager interface, cell phone interface, infrared remote, radio frequency (RF) remote, push button, photo sensor, Light Emitting Diode, alphanumeric Light Emitting Diode, Liquid Crystal Display, or Digital Signal Processor for voice control and programming. 13. A display device according to claim 12, further comprising a communication device to allow a user to configure and interface programming devices to the display, the communication device being a radio frequency device, ultrasonic device, infrared device, serial device, parallel device, USB, hard wire device, Digital Signal Processor communication device, Internet Service Provider, or X-10 communication device. 14. A display device according to claim 12, further comprising a digital memory device connected by conductors to the microprocessor to allow data storage. 15. A display device according to claim 1, further comprising a plurality of multicolored light emitting diodes that can change color, multiple colored lights, or spectral filters for color changes. 16. A display device according to claim 15, further comprising a manual lens or reflector adjustment mechanism for focusing light. 17. A display device according to claim 16, further comprising a manual reflector or light movement adjustment mechanism adapted for a user to adjust the spread of the lights. 18. A display device according to claim 17, further comprising a flashlight comprising a bulb, lens and reflector, the flashlight being built into the display device; or voice chip system. 19. A display device according to claim 16, further comprising light pipes for transmitting light for the display from one point location to another. 20. A display device according to claim 15, wherein the lights are not mounted on the PC board, and further comprising external conductors to energize the display lights to enable the lights to be away from the microprocessor or to increase flexibility in the display. 21. A display device according to claim 15, further comprising a single input/output microprocessor pin capable of showing four colors by driving a two-pin color light emitting diode. 22. A display device according to claim 15, further comprising a swivel, hinge, bendable aperture or bendable display, mechanical mounting, or a ball and socket for the user to modify the viewing angle of the display. 23. A display device according to claim 22, further comprising a magnet mounting, inverted or horizontal mounting hardware, floor mounting, hanging hardware, pole or pipe mounting hardware, weighted base mounting, or a screw type mounting. 24. A display device according to claim 1, further comprising an exterior housing having an entirely transparent, translucent, or opaque cover, spectral filters, or a one-way glass or plastic for viewing of the display. 25. A display device according to claim 24, further comprising a handle with a swivel attachment for spinning the display. 26. A display device according to claim 25, further comprising a flexible rod with a handle for whipping the display back and forth. 27. A display device according to claim 24, further comprising a finger or hand guard to prevent an operator from blocking the display or from hitting moving portions. 28. A display device according to claim 27, further comprising a case wherein the display device is attachable to a key chain and hand-held. 29. A display device according to claim 1, further comprising a multiplexer, serial/parallel chip, or shift register linked to the microprocessor to increase the number of lights the microprocessor is able to control; wherein display data comes from the microprocessor I/O pin. 30. A pre-programmed device for displaying images, comprising: (a) a plurality of electrically powered light emitters in one or more generally continuous rows, the display device being capable of being moved in a path generally perpendicular with the row of lights; the light emitters comprising a plurality of multicolored light emitting diodes, light emitting diodes that change color, multiple colored lights or spectral filters for color changes; (b) one or more microprocessors, the light emitters being under direct control of at least one of the microprocessors; (c) at least one motion or speed sensor within the display device; and (d) an electric motor or engine for moving the display directly or indirectly; wherein at least one sensor enables the microprocessor; and the microprocessor turns the individual light emitters on and off in a time-controlled manner, in order that graphics, words or messages are displayed when the display device is moved at or above a rate of speed sufficient to be viewed by humans. 31. A display device according to claim 30, further comprising a stepper driver, DC drive, frequency drive, rheostat, or mechanical transmission for controlling the speed of the electric motor. 32. A display device according to claim 31, further comprising a gear reduction mechanism, belt drive, hydraulic drive, or a friction drive for increasing the torque required to drive a display and slow the speed of the display down. 33. A display device according to claim 32, further comprising a laser or ultrasonic distance detection device for determining the distance to surfaces to allow automatic focusing of lights. 34. A display device according to claim 33, further comprising an autofocus lens or reflector display for adjusting for different distances in the surfaces and automatically focusing the lights. 35. A display device according to claim 34, further comprising a reflector or bulb linked to electrical mechanical means for adjusting the spread of lights when used in conjunction with the autofocus lens. 36. A display device according to claim 34, further comprising a hidden camera inside the display device, or a TV tuner for TV video out to the display; or wherein the display device is installed on the end of a windshield wiper motion arm. 37. A display device according to claim 30, ergonomically shaped to fit inside on a user's head as in a hat or cap; or in the shape of a cylindrical tube with the lights mounted lengthwise for displaying the same data in correct order simultaneously on the front and rear of the cylindrical tube. 38. A display device according to claim 30, wherein the electric motor is used to rotate the display device on a single axis for moving display data on a single plane; or additionally on a second axis for also moving display data at a rotating angle; or additionally on a third axis for keeping the display data at the same height at which the second axis is pointing, while keeping the second axis stationary. 39. A display device according to claim 30, wherein the display is a part of a ceiling light or table lamp, or lamp shade; or wherein at least one display device is on a system of at least one belt or chain, each belt or chain system riding on at least two axis. 