Roof members of the present invention are those fixed to the roof, each roof member being a combination solar cell and roof member having a solar cell element and a metal reinforcing member, wherein a metal member is provided below the combination solar cell and roof member or a metal member is provided along an adjacent portion between adjacent combination solar cell and roof members, wherein the metal member is electrically conductive to metal reinforcing members of plural combination solar cell and roof members and wherein the metal member is electrically grounded. Provided based on this structure are the roof members easy to install and excellent in the external view and electric safety.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A roof member comprising: a roof panel including a solar cell and a metal reinforcing member; a conductive member supporting said metal reinforcing member, with said conductive member being electrically connected with said metal reinforcing member, and said conductive member including a metal sheet mounted on a wood member and being electrically grounded; and a retaining clip, at least a part of which has an electrically conductive property, making said metal reinforcing member and said conductive member electrically conductive, wherein said retaining clip is fixed to said metal sheet, wherein said retaining clip is a metal retaining clip, said metal retaining clip having an engaging portion of a hook shape for retaining said metal reinforcing member, a fixing portion to be fixed to a roof substrate, and a mating portion to which a metal screw is attached, wherein a part including said metal reinforcing member is sandwiched between the engaging portion of said retaining clip and said roof substrate, said retailing clip is fixed to said roof substrate in the fixing portion, the tip of said metal screw attached to said retaining clip is in a state of firm contact with said metal reinforcing member, and said metal reinforcing member and said retaining clip are made electrically conductive through said metal screw. 2. A roof member according to claim 1, wherein said wood member is a wood rafter. 3. A roof member according to claim 1, wherein said retaining clip has a mating portion, a screw urges said metal reinforcing member against said retaining clip in the mating portion, and electric conduction is achieved among said metal reinforcing member, said screw, and the conductive part of said retaining clip. 4. A roof member according to claim 1, wherein said metal reinforcing member is a metal frame member provided in at least a part of a circumference of said roof member. 5. A roof member according to claim 1, wherein said metal reinforcing member is a metal sheet provided on a bottom side of said roof panel. 6. A roof member according to claim 5, wherein said roof panel has an engaging portion obtained by plastic working of said metal sheet in a non-power-generating region, said engaging portion having at least a part without an insulating film, wherein said metal sheet is made electrically conductive to said conductive member provided on said roof substrate at least through the part without said insulating film. 7. A roof member comprising: a roof panel including a solar cell and a metal reinforcing member; a conductive member, with a plurality of said roof panels placed adjacent to said conductive member, said conductive member comprising a metal sheet mounted on a wood member and being electrically connected with said metal reinforcing members, and said conductive member being electrically grounded; and a retaining clip, at least a part of which has an electrically conductive property, said metal reinforcing member and said conductive member are made electrically conductive through said retaining clip, wherein said retaining clip is fixed to said metal sheet, wherein said retaining clip is a metal retaining clip, said metal retaining clip having an engaging portion of a hook shape for retaining said metal reinforcing member, a fixing portion to be fixed to a roof substrate, and a mating portion to which a metal screw is attached, wherein a part including said metal reinforcing member is sandwiched between the engaging portion of said retaining clip and said roof substrate, said retailing clip is fixed to said roof substrate in the fixing portion, the tip of said metal screw attached to said retaining clip is in a state of firm contact with said metal reinforcing member, and said metal reinforcing member and said retaining clip are made electrically conductive through said metal screw. 8. A roof member according to claim 7, wherein said conductive member is a metal sheet placed between two of said metal reinforcing members. 9. A roof member according to claim 8, wherein said conductive member is a retaining clip which fixes said roof panels adjacent to each other, with a length of said retaining clip extending between opposite edges of said roof panel. 10. A roof member according to claim 7, wherein said conductive member is provided so as to cover an edge portion of said roof panel. 11. A roof member according to claim 9, wherein said conductive member has a screw having an electrically conductive property, said screw being attached so as to contact said metal reinforcing member, and electric conduction is achieved among said metal reinforcing member, said screw, and said conductive member. 12. A roof member according to claim 7, wherein said metal reinforcing member is a metal frame member provided in at least a part of a circumference of said roof panel. 13. A roof member according to claim 7, wherein said metal reinforcing member is a metal sheet provided on a bottom side of said roof panel. 14. A roof member according to claim 13, wherein said roof panel has an engaging portion obtained by plastic working of said metal sheet in a non-power-generating region, said engaging portion having at least a part without an insulating film, wherein said metal sheet is made electrically conductive to said conductive member at least through the part without said insulating film. 15. A roof member according to claim 7, wherein said wood member is a wood rafter. 16. A roof member according to claim 11, wherein said retaining clip has a mating portion, a screw urges said metal reinforcing member against said retaining clip in the mating portion, and electric conduction is achieved among said metal reinforcing member, said screw, and the conductive part of said retaining clip. 17. A method of mounting a roof member having a roof panel with a solar cell and a metal reinforcing member, said method comprising the steps of: providing a conductive member on a roof substrate; mounting the roof panel on the conductive member; making the conductive member electrically conductive to the metal reinforcing member by using a retaining clip, with the conductive member comprising a metal sheet mounted on a wood member, a part of which is electrically conductive; electrically grounding the conductive member; and fixing the retaining clip to the metal sheet, wherein the retaining clip is a metal retaining clip, the metal retaining clip having an engaging portion of a hook shape for retaining the roof member, a fixing portion to be fixed to a roof substrate, and a mating portion to which a metal screw is attached, wherein a part including the metal reinforcing member is sandwiched between the engaging portion of the retaining clip and the roof substrate, and the retailing clip is fixed to the roof substrate in the fixing portion so that the tip of the metal screw attached to the retaining clip is in a state of firm contact with the metal reinforcing member, wherein the metal reinforcing member and the retaining clip are made electrically conductive through the metal screw. 18. A method of mounting a roof member according to claim 17, wherein said wood member is a wood rafter. 19. A method of mounting a roof member according to claim 17, wherein the retaining clip has a screw having an electrically conductive property, the screw being attached so as to contact the metal reinforcing member, and electric conduction is achieved among the metal reinforcing member, the screw, and the conductive member. 20. A method of mounting a roof member according to claim 17, wherein the metal reinforcing member is a metal frame member provided in at least a part of the circumference of the roof member. 21. A method of mounting a roof member according to claim 17, wherein the metal reinforcing member is a metal sheet provided on a bottom side of the roof panel. 22. A method of mounting a roof member according to claim 21, wherein the roof panel has an engaging portion obtained by plastic working of the metal sheet in a non-power-generating region, and the engaging portion of the roof panel having at least a part without an insulating film, wherein the metal sheet is made electrically conductive to the conductive member provided on the roof substrate at least through the part without the insulating film. 23. A method of mounting a roof member having a roof panel with a solar cell and metal reinforcing member, said method comprising the steps of: providing a plurality of the roof panels adjacent to at least one common conductive member; electrically connecting the conductive member with the metal reinforcing members; electrically grounding the conductive member; making the metal reinforcing member and the conductive member electrically conductive through a retaining clip, with the conductive member being a metal sheet mounted on a wood member, a part of which has an electrically conductive property; and fixing the retaining clip to the metal sheet, wherein the retaining clip is a metal retaining clip, the metal retaining clip having an engaging portion of a hook shape for retaining the metal reinforcing member, a fixing portion to be fixed to a roof substrate, and a mating portion to which a metal screw is attached, wherein a part including the metal reinforcing member is sandwiched between the engaging portion of the retaining clip and the roof substrate, the retaining clip is fixed to the roof substrate in the fixing portion, the tip of the metal screw attached to the retaining clip is in a state of firm contact with the metal reinforcing member, and the metal reinforcing member and the retaining clip are made electrically conductive through the metal screw. 24. A method of mounting a roof member according to claim 23, wherein the conductive member is a metal sheet placed between the roof panels. 25. A method of mounting a roof member according to claim 24, wherein the conductive member is a retaining clip which fixes the roof panels adjacent to each other, with a length of the retaining clip extending between opposite edges of said roof panel. 26. A method of mounting a roof member according to claim 23, wherein the conductive member is provided so as to cover an edge portion of the roof panel. 27. A method of mounting a roof member according to claim 25, wherein the conductive member has a screw having an electrically conductive property, the screw being attached so as to contact the metal reinforcing member, and electric conduction is achieved among the metal reinforcing member, the screw, and the conductive member. 28. A method of mounting a roof member according to claim 23, wherein the metal reinforcing member is a metal frame member provided in at least a part of a circumference of the roof panel. 29. A method of mounting a roof member according to claim 23, wherein the metal reinforcing member is a metal sheet provided on a bottom side of the roof panel. 30. A method of mounting a roof member according to claim 29, wherein the roof panel has an engaging portion obtained by plastic working of the metal sheet in a non-power-generating region, the engaging portion having at least a part without an insulating film, wherein the metal sheet is made electrically conductive to the conductive member at least through the part without the insulating film. 31. A method of mounting a roof member according to claim 23, wherein the wood member is a wood rafter. 32. A method of mounting a roof member according to claim 29, wherein the retaining clip has a mating portion, a screw urges the metal reinforcing member against the retaining clip in the mating portion, and electric conduction is achieved among the metal reinforcing member, the screw, and the conductive part of the retaining clip. 33. A roof member comprising: a roof panel including a solar cell and a metal reinforcing member; a conductive member supporting said metal reinforcing member, with said conductive member being electrically connected with said metal reinforcing member, and said conductive member being electrically grounded; and a retaining clip, at least a part of which has an electrically conductive property, making said metal reinforcing member and said conductive member electrically conductive, wherein said retaining clip is a metal retaining clip, said metal retaining clip having an engaging portion of a hook shape for retaining said metal reinforcing member, a fixing portion to be fixed to a roof substrate, and a mating portion to which a metal screw is attached, and wherein a part including said metal reinforcing member is sandwiched between the engaging portion of said retaining clip and said roof substrate, said retaining clip is fixed to said roof substrate in the fixing portion, and a tip of said metal screw attached to said retaining clip is in contact with the surface of said metal reinforcing member such that said metal reinforcing member and said retaining clip are made electrically conductive through said metal screw. 34. A method of mounting a roof member having a roof panel with a solar cell and a metal reinforcing member, said method comprising the steps of: providing a conductive member on a roof substrate; mounting the roof panel on the conductive member; making the conductive member electrically conductive to the metal reinforcing member by using a retaining clip, a part of which is electrically conductive; and electrically grounding the conductive member, wherein the retaining clip is a metal retaining clip, the metal retaining clip having an engaging portion of a hook shape for retaining the roof member, a fixing portion to be fixed to a roof substrate, and a mating portion to which a metal screw is attached, wherein a part including the metal reinforcing member is sandwiched between the engaging portion of the retaining clip and the roof substrate, the retaining clip is fixed to the roof substrate in the fixing portion, and a tip of the metal screw attached to the retaining clip is in contact with the surface of the metal reinforcing member, wherein the metal reinforcing member and the retaining clip are made electrically conductive through the metal screw. 