A holographic planar concentrator (HPC) for collecting and concentrating optical radiation is provided. The holographic planar concentrator comprises a planar highly transparent plate and at least one multiplexed holographic optical film mounted on a surface thereof. The multiplexed holographic optical film has recorded therein a plurality of diffractive structures having one or more regions which are angularly and spectrally multiplexed. Two or more of the regions may be configured to provide spatial multiplexing. The HPC is fabricated by: (a) recording the plurality of diffractive structures in the multiplexed holographic optical film employing angular, spectral, and, optionally, spatial multiplexing techniques; and (b) mounting the multiplexed holographic optical film on one surface of the highly transparent plate. The recording of the plurality of diffractive structures is tailored to the intended orientation of the holographic planar concentrator to solar energy. The HPC is mounted in the intended orientation for collecting solar energy and at least one solar energy-collecting device is mounted along at least one edge of the holographic planar concentrator. Examples of suitable solar energy-collecting devices include photovoltaic cells and fiber optic light guides for transmitting collected light into an interior of a building for illumination purposes and for transmitting collected solar radiation into a hot water tank for heating. The HPC permits efficient collection of solar energy without expensive requirements, while minimizing energy losses.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A holographic planar concentrator for collecting and concentrating optical radiation, said holographic planar concentrator comprising (a) at least one planar highly transparent plate; (b) at least one multiplexed holographic optical film mounted on a surface thereof to form a light guiding structure, said at least one multiplexed holographic optical film having recorded therein a plurality of diffractive structures having two or more regions which are angularly and spectrally multiplexed, said multiplexed hologram adapted to couple said optical radiation into said planar highly transparent plate such that said optical radiation is not lost and travels through both said planar highly transparent plate and said multiplexed holographic optical film, said multiplexed holographic film being multiplexed to reduce recoupling losses in said holographic planar concentrator; and (c) at least one photovoltaic cell secured beneath said at least one multiplexed holographic optical film, on a side opposite to that upon which solar radiation is incident, each such photovoltaic cell bounded laterally by at least one said multiplexed holographic optical element recorded in at least one film. 2. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 1 comprising at least two photovoltaic cells secured beneath said at least one multiplexed holographic optical film. 3. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 1 comprising two planar transparent plates. 4. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 3 wherein each said planar transparent plate has a multiplexed holographic optical film secured thereto and said planar transparent plates are secured together through said multiplexed holographic optical films, one of said planar transparent plates comprising a top plate upon which said solar radiation is initially incident and another of said planar transparent plates comprising a bottom plate upon which said solar radiation is incident after passing through said top plate. 5. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 4 wherein each said photovolatic cell is sandwiched vertically between two said multiplexed holographic optical films. 6. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 5 wherein each said photovoltaic cell is secured to said two multiplexed holographic optical films by an optical adhesive. 7. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 4 wherein each said photovoltaic cell is secured to a bottom-most surface of said bottom plate. 8. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 7 wherein two holographic optical films are secured together with an optical adhesive. 9. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 7 wherein a single holographic optical film is sandwiched between said top atom plates. 10. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 4 wherein said top plate comprises a relatively thick glass plate and said bottom plate comprises a relatively thin transparent plate comprising a material selected from the group consisting of optically transparent polymers and glass. 11. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 1 wherein said holographic planar concentrator is secured in a fixed position to provide passive tracking of the sun. 12. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 1 wherein said holographic planar concentrator is secured on a tracker adapted to track the sun either daily or seasonally or both. 13. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 1 wherein said planar highly transparent plate has a first index of refraction and said holographic optical film has a second index of refraction, with the difference between said first and second indices of refraction being no more than about 3%. 14. A method of using a holographic planar concentrator comprising (a) at least one highly transparent plate having a top major surface and a bottom major surface (b) at least one multiplexed holographic optical film mounted thereon to form a waveguiding structure, said at least one multiplexed holographic optical film having recorded therein a plurality of diffractive structures which are angularly and spectrally multiplexed, and (c) at least one photovoltaic cell mounted beneath said top major surface, said method comprising: (a) recording said plurality of diffractive structures in said multiplexed holographic optical film employing angular and spectral multiplexing techniques, said recording tailored to the intended orientation of said holographic planar concentrator to solar energy, said multiplexed holographic optical film adapted to couple said solar energy into said highly transparent plate; and, in either order, (b) mounting said holographic planar concentrator in said intended orientation for collecting solar energy; and (c) mounting said at least one photovoltaic cell beneath said at least one of said highly transparent plate and at least one of said multiplexed holographic optical film. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein said recording is performed so as (a) to enable said film to launch optical radiation into said planar highly transparent plate at a small trapping angle or (b) to provide two or more regions which are differently angularly multiplexed as well as spatially multiplexed of (c) both, thereby reducing recoupling losses from said planar highly transparent plate. 16. The method of claim 14 wherein said highly transparent plate comprises sheet glass or an optically-transparent polymer and is mounted vertically on a side of a building as a window. 