The invention provides an improved optical system for determining the physical characteristics of a solar cell. The system comprises a lamp means for projecting light in a wide solid-angle onto the surface of the cell; a chamber for receiving the light through an entrance port, the chamber having an interior light absorbing spherical surface, an exit port for receiving a beam of light reflected substantially normal to the cell, a cell support, and an lower aperture for releasing light into a light absorbing baffle; a means for dispersing the reflection into monochromatic components; a means for detecting an intensity of the components; and a means for reporting the determination.
Claims I claim: 1. An optical system for determining the physical characteristics of a solar cell, comprising: (a) a lamp means for projecting light in a wide solid-angle onto the surface of the cell; (b) a chamber for receiving the light through an entrance port, the chamber having an interior light absorbing spherical surface, an exit port for receiving a beam of light reflected substantially normal to the cell, a cell support, and a lower aperture disposed for releasing scattered light into a light absorbing baffle; (c) a means for dispersing the reflection into monochromatic components; (d) a means for detecting an intensity of the components; and (e) a means for reporting the intensity. 2. An optical system as defined in claim 1, wherein the reporting means comprises a computer having an input and an output, and a display, the input receptive to a signal corresponding to the intensity of the detected components, the computer determining a distribution curve of the intensity as a function of wavelength, and the output having a signal receptive to the display which is representative of the determination. 3. An optical system as defined in claim 2, wherein the determination includes comparing a surface texture, film, or metallization with a predetermined result. 4. An optical system as defined in claim 3, wherein determining the film includes finding a wavelength having a least intensity and calculating the film thickness. 5. An optical system as defined in claim 3, wherein the chamber further comprises a light diffusing means, the diffusing means deflecting the projection of light in a direction substantially normal to the cell surface, and the texture determination includes a specular surface. 6. An optical system as defined in claim 2, wherein the cell includes an upper metal layer having an asymmetric pattern, the lamp having a means for symmetric and asymmetric projection, and the determination includes finding an area, thickness, or a symmetry to the metal. 7. An optical system as defined in claim 2, wherein the display includes a monitor, printer, or plotter. 8. An optical system as defined in claim 1, wherein the light includes a 400-1,200 nm spectra. 9. An optical system as defined in claim 1, wherein the dispersion means includes a monochromater. 10. An optical system as defined in claim 1, wherein the support is a vacuum chuck smaller in size than the cell to be characterized. 11. An optical system as defined in claim 1, further comprising a fiber-optic cable for transmitting the reflection from the exit port to the dispersing means. 12. An optical system as defined in claim 1, further comprising a means for observing an image of the cell. 13. An optical system as defined in claim 12, wherein the means for observing includes a prism or mirror, for deflecting the reflection to an image plane. 14. An optical system as defined in claim 13, wherein the image plane includes a digital camera. 15. A method for monitoring the optical properties of a solar cell, comprising the steps of: (a) locating the cell in a light absorbing chamber, the chamber having an interior light absorbing spherical surface, and entrance port, an exit port, a cell support, and a lower aperture disposed for releasing scattered light into a light absorbing baffle; (b) projecting the light in a wide solid-angle, through the entrance port, at the cell surface; (c) reflecting a beam of light substantially normal to the cell surface; (d) dispersing the reflection into monochromatic components; and (e) detecting an intensity for the monochromatic components. 16. The method as defined in claim 15, including the step of determining a distribution curve of the normal reflection intensity as a function of wavelength. 17. The method as defined in claim 16, including the step of comparing a surface texture, dielectric film, or cell metallization with a predetermined result. 18. The method as defined in claim 16, wherein the step of projecting the light comprises alternating the illumination from symmetric to asymmetric, and further including determining an area, thickness, or symmetry of a front metal-contact to the cell. 19. The method as defined in claim 16, including the step of finding a wavelength having a least reflectance and determining thickness of the film. 20. The method as defined in claim 16, including the step of comparing the optical quality for a metal back-contact. 21. The method as defined in claim 16, including the step of providing an image of the cell. 22. The method as defined in claim 16, 17,19, 20, or 21 including the step of displaying the comparison, determination, or image on a monitor, printer, or plotter. 