A solar-tracking system that provides a polar rotation at a constant velocity of 366.25 revolutions clockwise per year, and orbital revolution that is one revolution per year in the counter-clockwise direction. The support for the orbital drive system is tilted from polar drive system at an angle of 23.45 degrees, and is constant, which angle is equal to the earth's axis tilt from orbital axis.
Claims What I claim is: 1. A sun-tracking apparatus for use with solar-dependent equipment and celestial apparatus, comprising: mounting means; a rotatable polar shaft having a polar axis; a rotatable orbital shaft having a longitudinal axis; a first polar drive means operatively connected to said polar shaft; a second orbital drive means operatively connected to said orbital shaft; means for mounting said second orbital drive means to said polar shaft; said polar axis of said polar shaft and said longitudinal axis of said orbital shaft forming an angle approximately equal to the angle of tilt of the earth's axis; said first drive means rotating said polar shaft at a first rate approximately equal to the rate of rotation of the earth about its axis; said second drive means rotating said orbital shaft at a second rate close to the rate of the orbital revolution of the earth about the sun. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said first polar drive means is connected to said mounting means. 3. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein said mounting means comprises a mounting shaft having a first end and a second end, and a mounting support means; said first polar drive means being mounted to said mounting shaft. 4. The apparatus according to claim 3, wherein said first polar drive means is mounted at said second end of said mounting shaft; said polar shaft being at least partially telescopingly received in said mounting shaft for rotation therein. 5. The apparatus according to claim 3, wherein said first end of said mounting shaft is pivotally connected to said mounting support means, whereby said mounting shaft may be pivoted for changing latitude setting. 6. The apparatus according to claim 5, wherein said mounting support means comprises indicia means for indicating latitude setting as said mounting shaft is pivoted. 7. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said angle is approximately 23.45 degrees. 8. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said first rate is equal to approximately 366.25 revolutions per year in the clockwise direction; and said second rate is equal to approximately 1 revolution per year in the counterclockwise direction. 9. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a mounting shaft coupled to said orbital shaft, having a longitudinal axis; said mounting shaft being mounted to said orbital shaft such that said mounting shaft is at a right angle relative to said longitudinal axis of said orbital shaft. 10. The apparatus according to claim 9, further comprising a solar-dependent element affixed to said mounting shaft; said solar-dependent element comprising one of a: solar reflector, solar photovoltaic panel, and solar directed telescope. 11. A method for tracking the sun for use with solar-dependent equipment, such as solar reflectors, solar photovoltaic panels, and special-purpose solar-telescopes to observe a chosen region on the sun, which method utilizes an azimuth-zenith mount, a rotatable polar shaft having a polar axis, a rotatable orbital shaft having a longitudinal axis, a first polar drive means operatively connected to said polar shaft, a second orbital drive means operatively connected to said orbital shaft, said method comprising: (a) orienting said polar shaft in respect to the azimuth-zenith mount at a specific angular orientation dependent upon latitude; (b) rotating said polar shaft at a first rate equal to approximately the rate of rotation of the earth; (c) rotating said orbital shaft at a second rate equal to approximately the rate of revolution of the earth about the sun; and (d) mounting said polar and orbital shafts relative to each other whereby said polar and orbital axes form an acute angle at least approximately equal to the angle of tilt of the earth; said first rate being approximately equal to the rate of rotation of the earth about its axis, and said second rate being approximately equal to the rate of the orbital revolution of the earth about the sun. 12. The method according to claim 11, wherein said angle is equal to approximately 23.45 degrees. 13. The method according to claim 11, wherein said step (b) comprises rotating the polar shaft in the clockwise direction, and wherein said step (c) comprises rotating said orbital shaft in the counter-clockwise direction. 14. The method according to claim 13, wherein said first rate is equal to approximately 366.25 revolutions per year, and said second rate is equal to approximately 1 revolution per year. 15. In a solar-dependent apparatus, which apparatus comprises at least one of the following elements: a solar reflector, solar photovoltaic panel, and a telescope means, which apparatus also comprises position-orienting means for adjusting the position of said at least one element, the improvement comprising: a rotatable polar shaft having a polar axis; a rotatable orbital shaft having a longitudinal axis; a first polar drive means operatively connected to said polar shaft; a second orbital drive means operatively connected to said orbital shaft; means for mounting said second orbital drive means to said polar shaft; said polar axes of said polar shaft and said orbital shaft forming an angle equal to the angle of tilt of the earth's axis; and mounting means for connecting said orbital shaft to said at least one element; said second drive means rotating said orbital shaft at a second rate close to the rate of the orbital revolution of the earth about the sun. 