An illuminating mailbox address indication device includes a generally rectangular shaped housing mounted on a top portion of a mailbox. Enclosed within the housing is a light means powered by a set of batteries which are rechargeably energized by a solar cell mounted upon the housing. A photosensitive cell operates a switch to permit the light means to illuminate when a pre-determined threshold has been exceeded relevant to the amount of ambient light present around the mailbox. The housing walls are translucent and further include indica stenciled thereupon which represent the address of the property associated with the mailbox.
Claims Having thus described the invention what is claimed and desired to be secured by Letters Patent is: 1. An illuminating address indication device comprising: a) a one piece housing having a pair of longitudinal side walls, a pair of opposed end walls and a top wall, the longitudinal side walls, opposed end walls and top wall forming an inner channel, each longitudinal side wall having a bottom edge, an inner surface and a ridge protruding from the inner surface proximal to the longitudinal side wall bottom edge, the housing permitting light to shine through each wall, b) a base member having a pair of opposed outwardly flanging side portions, each side portion having a groove formed along an outer edge, the base member mounted to a top portion of a mailbox, one ridge of each housing longitudinal side wall mating with one groove of each base member side portion, c) light means mounted within the housing inner channel for illuminating the address indication device, d) at least one battery electrically coupled to the light means for supplying power thereto, e) a photosensitive cell mounted on the housing for operating a switch in response to a pre-determined threshold of ambient light being exceeded, the switch electrically coupled between the battery and the light means; and f) indicia mounted on at least one housing longitudinal side wall. 2. The illuminating address indication device of claim 1 wherein the at least one battery comprises a pair of rechargeable batteries. 3. The illuminating address indication device of claim 1 wherein the light means is pair of LED lights mounted on a circuit board, the circuit board proximally mounted to the at least one battery. 4. The illuminating address indication device of claim 1, further comprising a solar cell mounted on the housing for collecting sunlight radiation and energizing the at least one battery. 5. The illuminating address indication device of claim 4 wherein the solar cell and photosensitive cell are integrally attached and mounted upon the housing top wall. 6. The illuminating address indication device of claim 1 further comprising the base member having top and bottom surfaces, the top surface having a sheet of highly reflective material mounted thereupon. 7. The illuminating address indication device of claim 1 wherein the at least one battery is two rechargeable battery pairs. 8. The illuminating address indication device of claim 7 wherein the light means is a pair of LED light pairs, each pair of LED lights mounted on a separate circuit board, each circuit board mounted to one of the two battery pairs, each battery pair supplying power to its associated LED light pair in response to the pre-determined threshold of the photosensitive cell being exceeded thereby causing the switch to close. 9. An illuminating address indication device comprising: a) a one piece housing having a pair of longitudinal side walls, a pair of opposed end walls and a top wall, the longitudinal side walls, opposed end walls and top wall forming an inner channel, each longitudinal side wall having a bottom edge, an inner surface and a ridge protruding from the inner surface proximal to the longitudinal side wall bottom edge, the housing permitting light to shine through each wall, b) a base member attaching to the housing and having a pair of opposed outwardly flanging side portions and a top and bottom surface, the bottom surface having a concave-shape, each side portion having a groove formed along an outer edge, the base member concave-shaped bottom surface mounted to a convexed-shaped top portion of a mailbox, one ridge of each housing longitudinal side wall mating with one groove of each base member side portion, the mailbox having a generally rectangular shape, a flat bottom portion, a pair of upwardly extending side walls, a closed back portion, a front door, and the convexed-shaped top portion, c) light means mounted within the housing inner channel for illuminating the address indication device, d) at least one battery electrically coupled to the light means for supplying power thereto, e) a photosensitive cell mounted on the housing for operating a switch in response to a pre-determined threshold of ambient light being exceeded, the switch electrically coupled between the battery and the light means, f) a solar cell mounted on the housing for collecting sunlight radiation and energizing the at least one battery, and g) indicia mounted on at least one housing longitudinal side wall. 10. The illuminating address indication device of claim 9 further comprising each housing longitudinal side wall bottom edge having a bottom surface and a notch formed in at least one housing longitudinal side wall bottom edge bottom surface. 11. The illuminating address indication device of claim 9 wherein the solar cell and photosensitive cell are integrally attached and mounted upon the housing top wall. 12. The illuminating address indication device of claim 9 wherein the at least one battery comprises a pair of rechargeable batteries. 13. The illuminating address indication device of claim 9 further comprising a sheet of highly reflective material mounted upon the base member top surface. 14. The illuminating address indication device of claim 9 wherein the light means is at least one pair of LED lights mounted on a circuit board, the circuit board proximally mounted to the at least one battery. 15. An illuminating address indication mailbox comprising: a) a container having a flat bottom portion, a pair of upwardly extending side walls, a back wall, a front door, and a top wall, the container forming an inner compartment for receiving mail, the container supported by a vertical post mounted to a ground surface, b) a one-piece housing having a pair of longitudinal side walls, a pair of opposed end walls and a top wall, the longitudinal side walls, opposed end walls and top wall forming an inner channel, each wall being translucent, the housing mounted upon the container top wall, c) light means mounted within the housing inner channel for illuminating the address indication mailbox, d) at least one battery electrically coupled to the light means for supplying power thereto, e) a photosensitive cell mounted on the housing for operating a switch in response to a pre-determined threshold of ambient light being exceeded, the switch electrically coupled between the battery and the light means, and f) indicia mounted on at least one longitudinal side wall of the housing. 16. The illuminating address indication mailbox of claim 15 further comprising a solar cell mounted on the housing for collecting sunlight radiation and energizing the at least one battery. 17. The illuminating address indication mailbox of claim 15 wherein the container top wall is convexed-shaped and the housing includes a removable base member, the removable base member having a concave-shaped bottom surface for mounting to the container top wall. 18. The illuminating address indication mailbox of claim 15 wherein the light means is at least one pair of LEDs mounted to a circuit board, the circuit board electrically coupled to the at least one battery, the battery coupled to the photosensitive cell by a wire passing through an aperture formed in the housing top wall. 