A turbine roof ventilator includes a rotatable shaft defining an upper end and a lower end. A turbine hood is located on the upper end of the shaft and is adapted to turn with the shaft. A cylindrical sleeve is disposed below the turbine hood. The shaft is mounted in a bearing housing which is fixed relative to the cylindrical sleeve while allowing the shaft to rotate about its longitudinal axis. A fan or vane assembly is disposed on the lower end of the shaft and adapted to turn with the shaft so that as the turbine hood turns, the fan sucks air into the housing to improve the rate of flow of air through the roof ventilator.
Claims The claims defining the invention are as follows: 1. A turbine roof ventilator for extracting air from an area including: a rotatable shaft defining a first, upper, end, and a second end; a turbine hood mounted on the upper end of the shaft and adapted to turn with the shaft, said turbine hood comprising; a cover portion; a lower ring portion; a series of main blades extending between the cover portion and the lower ring portion, each main blade having an upper part attached to the cover portion and a lower part attached to the lower ring portion, the main blades being arranged for catching air currents external to the hood to cause the hood to rotate in a first direction, the main blades being spaced apart to allow air flow between adjacent main blades; a sleeve member through which air may flow disposed below the turbine hood, the sleeve member defining an axial direction along which air flows, in use, into the turbine hood; mounting means for mounting the shaft relative to the sleeve member whilst allowing the shaft to turn about its longitudinal axis; and a series of scoop blades, each scoop blade being located or defined at or adjacent the lower part of a main blade and extending from the lower part of the main blade towards, but not as far as, the shaft, the scoop blades being arranged to rotate with the turbine hood; wherein the scoop blades are oriented at an obtuse angle with respect to the central axis of the sleeve so that as the turbine hood rotates in the first direction, the scoop blades direct air in the hood towards the top of the hood; wherein a curved ceiling is defined below and spaced from the cover portion, said ceiling flaring out from the shaft to the upper end of the main blades; and wherein, in use, as the turbine hood rotates, the scoop blades direct air towards the curved ceiling of the turbine hood which air is guided by the ceiling towards the upper part of the main blades. 2. A turbine roof ventilator as claimed in claim 1 wherein the shaft is rotatable in a bearing housing which is mounted to the sleeve member by means of at least three arms which extend from the bearing housing to the sleeve member. 3. A turbine roof ventilator as claimed in claim 1 wherein an impellor is mounted on the lower end of the shaft and adapted to turn with the shaft below the bearing housing, in use. 4. A turbine hood as claimed in claim 1 further including one or more projections formed on the outer portion of the blade arranged to catch air currents. 5. A turbine roof ventilator as claimed in claim 1 further comprising: a motor arranged to turn either the vane assembly or shaft or both; and at least one photovoltaic solar cell adapted to supply power to the motor for turning either the vane assembly or shaft or both. 6. A turbine roof ventilator as claimed in claim 5 wherein the top of the hood is made of a transparent material and the photovoltaic cell is located on a shelf disposed beneath the top of the hood. 7. A turbine roof ventilator as claimed in claim 5 wherein the top of the hood is made of a transparent material and the photovoltaic cell is located on a shelf or the like disposed beneath the top of the hood. 