A solar heated sleeping apparatus has a sleeping bag having a rectangular lower portion and a rectangular upper portion wherein the lower and upper portions are partially connected on corresponding edges and partially fastened by a zipper along the remaining edges thereof. The sleeping apparatus includes a plurality of heating elements disposed within an inner liner of the upper portion. The apparatus further includes a solar cell mounted to a flexible panel and being removably coupled to the sleeping bag. The flexible panel with the solar cell may be removed from the sleeping bag and positioned at a selected angle upon adjustable support legs for receiving solar rays thereon. Solar energy received by the solar cell is connected to an inverter for recharging a battery. A control unit coupled to the battery and to the heating coils allows selected heating coils to be energized for heating the sleeping bag. The rechargeable battery may also be selectively connected to a vehicle power source or to a conventional AC power source for charging.
Claims Having thus described the invention, what is claimed as new and desired to be secured by Letters Patent is as follows: 1. A solar heated sleeping bag, comprising: a rectangular lower portion having an upper end, left and right sides, and a lower end; a rectangular upper portion having an inner liner and an upper end, left and right sides, and a lower end, said lower and upper portions being fixedly secured to each other along corresponding left sides and removably secured to each other along corresponding rear and right sides; a plurality of heating elements disposed in said inner liner in said upper portion; a solar cell for providing electrical power upon solar rays impinging thereon; means for regulating said electrical power received from said solar cell; at least one rechargeable battery connected to said regulating means; and means for selectively delivering current from said at least one battery to said plurality of heating elements for heating said upper portion. 2. A sleeping bag as in claim 1 wherein said solar cell is mounted on a flexible panel adapted to be removably coupled to said upper portion. 3. A sleeping bag as in claim 1 further comprising a zipper for selectively securing corresponding rear and right sides of said upper and lower portions to each other. 4. A sleeping bag as in claim 1 wherein said upper and lower portions are formed of a waterproof material. 5. A sleeping bag as in claim 1 wherein said delivering means includes a control unit adapted to selectively deliver current to predetermined heating elements. 6. A sleeping bag as in claim 1 further comprising an electrical connector assembly including connection means for connecting said at least one rechargeable battery with a vehicle power source for recharging said at least one rechargeable battery. 7. A personal solar heated sleeping apparatus, comprising: a sleeping bag comprising: a rectangular lower portion; a rectangular upper portion having an inner liner, said lower and upper portions being partially connected on corresponding edges and partially fastened by a zipper along remaining edges thereof; a plurality of heating elements disposed in spaced apart relationship within said inner liner; a solar cell for providing electrical power upon solar rays impinging thereon; means for regulating said electrical power received from said solar cell; at least one rechargeable battery connected to said regulating means; and a control unit coupled to said upper portion of said sleeping bag and electrically connected to said at least one rechargeable battery and said plurality of heating elements, said control unit being adapted to selectively deliver current from said at least one rechargeable battery to predetermined heating elements for heating selected regions of said upper portion of said sleeping bag. 8. An apparatus as in claim 7 wherein said solar cell is mounted on a flexible panel adapted to be removably coupled to said upper portion of said sleeping bag. 9. An apparatus as in claim 8 further comprising a plurality of support legs adapted to support said flexible panel above a ground surface at an angle such that said solar cell receives solar rays thereon when said flexible panel is not coupled to said upper portion of said sleeping bag, each support leg having a plurality of telescopic sleeves adapted to be vertically adjusted to a desired configuration. 10. An apparatus as in claim 9 wherein each support leg includes a T-shaped hook member extending from an upper end thereof and said flexible panel defines a plurality of apertures adapted to mate with corresponding hook members for removably mounting said flexible panel to said support legs. 11. An apparatus as in claim 7 wherein said upper and lower portions are formed of a waterproof material. 12. An apparatus as in claim 7 further comprising an electrical connector assembly including a first connection means for connecting said at least one rechargeable battery with a vehicle power source for recharging said at least one rechargeable battery. 13. An apparatus as in claim 7 further comprising an electrical connector assembly including a second connection means for connecting said at least one rechargeable battery with an AC power source for recharging said at least one rechargeable battery. 14. A personal solar heated sleeping apparatus, comprising: a sleeping bag comprising: a rectangular lower portion; a rectangular upper portion having an inner liner, said lower and upper portions being partially connected on corresponding edges and partially fastened by a zipper along remaining edges thereof; a plurality of heating elements disposed in spaced apart relationship within said inner liner; a flexible solar panel for providing electrical power upon solar rays impinging thereon, said flexible solar panel being removably coupled to said upper portion of said sleeping bag; means for regulating said electrical power received from said solar cell; at least one rechargeable battery connected to said regulating means; a control unit coupled to said upper portion of said sleeping bag and electrically connected to said at least one rechargeable battery and said plurality of heating elements, said control unit being adapted to selectively deliver current from said at least one rechargeable battery to predetermined heating elements for heating selected regions of said upper portion of said sleeping bag; and an electrical connector assembly including connection means for connecting said at least one rechargeable battery with a vehicle power source for recharging said at least one rechargeable battery. 