A yo-yo has a recess in one of its faces accommodating a timepiece. The yo-yo is be releasably accommodated in a base, and the base may be worn on a user's person by various means including a wristband in the manner of a wristwatch, a fob or a watch chain in the manner of a pocket watch, a necklace in the manner of a necklace watch, or a holster.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A toy, comprising: a yo-yo having a substantially disklike first portion and a substantially disklike second portion coaxially joined at a center of rotation by an axle, said first portion having an outer face defining a recess in which a timepiece is mounted and arranged to be outwardly visible; a base; and flexible means for releasably securing said second disklike portion to said base. 2. The toy of claim 1, wherein the timepiece is an electronic timepiece. 3. The toy of claim 2, wherein the first portion further accommodate a battery for powering the timepiece. 4. The toy of claim 2, further including solar collector means for powering the timepiece. 5. The toy of claim 2, wherein the timepiece is a spring-driven mechanical timepiece. 6. The toy of claim 5, wherein the spring is wound by operation of the yo-yo. 7. The toy of claim 1, further comprising a wristband releasable attached to said base for mounting said base to a user's wrist. 8. The toy of claim 1, wherein said base is attachable to a fob for attaching to a user's clothing. 9. The toy of claim 1, wherein said base is attachable to a first end of a cordlike member of which the second end is arranged for fastening to a user's clothing. 10. The toy of claim 1, wherein said base is attachable to a cordlike loop arranged for wearing around a user's neck. 11. The toy of claim 1, wherein said base is attachable to a glove for wearing on a user's hand. 12. The toy of claim 1, wherein said base is attachable to a holster. 13. The toy of claim 12, wherein the holster is arranged to be worn on clothing of a user. 14. The toy of claim 12, wherein the holster is arranged to accommodate parts and tools for maintenance of the yo-yo. 15. A toy, comprising: a yo-yo having a substantially disklike first portion and a substantially disklike second portion coaxially joined at a center of rotation by an axle, said first portion having an outer face defining a recess in which a timepiece is mounted and arranged to be outwardly visible, and said second portion having an outer face defining a recess; and base having an upwardly extending protrusion rotatably releasably engageable with said second portion recess for releasably mounting said yo-yo to said base. 16. A toy, comprising: a yo-yo having a substantially disklike first portion and a substantially disklike second portion coaxially joined at a center of rotation by an axle so that a space is formed between said first and second portions, said first portion having an outer face defining a recess in which a timepiece is mounted and arranged to be outwardly visible; and a base, said base having a bottom, a fixed wall and a moveable wall, said fixed wall and said moveable wall connected to said bottom for defining a receiving area for accommodating said second disklike portion, said moveable wall being spaced from said fixed wall and outwardly moveable relative thereto, said moveable wall having a hooked distal end for seating within said space when said second disklike portion is disposed in said receiving area. 