Self sufficient electronic system for monitoring and continuous surveillance of steam traps, valves and installations using fluids. The system comprises three essential elements: a multiple sensor, an electronic analyzer and an optional receiver. The sensor measures fluid conductivity, pressure and temperature. The electronic analyzer continously controls the status (pressure, temperature) and conductivity of fluid, supplying optical, acoustic and digital information, in situ or from a remote point, in accordance with the results of analysis carried out. The receiver centralizes and processes the signals emitted by the analyzer. The analyzer electronic circuits are fed by batteries recharged through photovoltaic cells incorporated in the equipment. The multiple probe also incorporates an ultrasonic sensor which detects ultrasounds generated in the steam trap or valve. The analyzer and the remote receiver also add the corresponding electronic circuits for a continuous surveillance of ultrasounds level. This system may be applied to the continuous surveillance and control of steam leaks in steam traps and, generally, to the control fluid flow in any installation. The system can solve the problem of automatic inspection and continuous monitoring of energy losses in steam traps, without human attention. It substantially reduces power consumption by detecting steam losses simultaneously and instantly at all points of installation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A monitoring system comprising: a sensor that senses temperature, pressure, conductivity and ultrasound; a body housing the sensor, the body having a connector adapted to be connected to a pipe, valve or steam trap; and an electronic analyzer mounted on the body that analyzes signals sensed by the sensor and indicates information. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the electronic analyzer comprises: electronic analysis and control circuits that generate a warning concerning pressure, temperature, conductivity and ultrasound. 3. The system of claim 2, further including: a transmitter connected to the analyzer that broadcasts signals produced by the analyzer; and a remote receiver that receives signals broadcast by the transmitter. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein said signals are broadcast in a wireless manner. 5. The system of claim 2, wherein said analyzer further comprises: a battery system; and photovoltaic cells that charge the battery system. 6. A monitoring system comprising: a sensor that senses temperature, pressure, conductivity and ultrasound; a body that houses the sensor and is adapted to be connected to an installation containing a fluid; and an electronic analyzer mounted on the body that analyzes signals sensed by the sensor and indicates information. 