A thermoelectric food service container having a doubled walled plastic molded container with foam disposed between the walls, and a door for access to container. A thermoelectric unit is connected to the container through access openings, and has P and N type semi-conductors connected for the flow of current between them from a power supply. Controls control the flow of current to the P and N type semi-conductors and a fan circulates air within the container over food containers in spaced relationship on support racks within the container.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A thermoelectric food service container comprising: a substantially double walled plastic molded container having foam disposed between said walls; a door for access to said container; a thermoelectric unit connected to said container having communication therewith through access openings; said thermoelectric unit having P and N type semi-conductors connected for the flow of current therebetween; a power supply connected to said P and N type semi-conductors to supply DC thereto and for connection to an AC source; a connector for connecting said power supply to a source of AC; controls for controlling the flow of current to said P and N type of semi-conductor materials; and, ledges on the interior walls of said container for holding food containers in spaced relationship within said container. 2. The food service container as claimed in claim 1 further comprising: a fan for circulating air within said container. 3. The food service container as claimed in claim 1 wherein said controls comprise: a temperature setting switch; an indicator to indicate when a set temperature has been reached; and, a temperature indicator. 4. A thermoelectric food service cart comprising: a substantially plastic molded container having double walls with foam therebetween; a thermoelectric unit having P and N semi-conductor materials connected in series; a DC power supply connected to said P and N semiconductor materials having an AC to DC current convertor for connection to a source of AC power; controls for controlling the temperature to be maintained by said thermoelectric unit; and, a solar powered thermometer for indicating the interior temperature of said container. 5. The cart as claimed in claim 4 further comprising: said controls having a temperature setting switch; and, an indicator to show when a set temperature has been achieved. 6. The cart as claimed in claim 4 further comprising: food container supports on the interior of said container. 7. The cart as claimed in claim 4 further comprising: a door connected to said container on knucle hinges which can be removed by opening and lifting said door. 8. A thermoelectric food delivery cart comprising: a container molded from double walled plastic having insulation between said walls, a thermoelectric unit connected to said container through openings within the walls; said thermoelectric unit having P and N semiconductors connected in series for heating or cooling said container; a DC power supply having an AC to DC convertor for connection to an AC power source; and, a thermometer connected to said container which indicates the interior temperature of said container regardless of said AC power. 9. The cart as claimed in claim 8 further comprising: controls for said heater including a temperature setting switch, an on/off switch, and at least one indicator light to show the status of said thermoelectric heater. 10. The cart as claimed in claim 8 wherein: said thermometer is a solar powered thermometer to indicate interior container temperature. 11. The cart as claimed in claim 8 further comprising: food container supports on the interior walls of said cart. 12. The cart as claimed in claim 11 further comprising: said food container supports are attached to the interior walls of said container for supporting food containers in spaced relationship. 13. A method for delivering heated food to an end user comprising: providing a double walled molded plastic container having insulation between said walls; placing food in said container; heating said food by a thermoelectric heater having P and N semi-conductor materials in series; flowing a DC current through said P and N semi-conductor materials; monitoring the temperature within said container by a thermometer having a source of power when said DC current is not flowing; and, removing and serving said food after a desired temperature of said food has been achieved. 14. The method as claimed in claim 13 further comprising: providing said DC current from an AC to DC convertor connected to a source of AC current. 15. The method as claimed in claim 4 further comprising: controlling the temperature of food in said container by a switch; and, circulating internal air around said food by a fan. 16. The method as claimed in claim 15 further comprising: supporting the food on wall supports in said container for circulating air around said food. 