A rotatable outdoor public information display device is provided for displaying bus schedules, advertising and the like, adaptable for mounting on an existing pole. The device comprises dome-shaped top and bottom caps and a main cylinder and is rotatable on lock plates fixedly attached to the pole.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A rotatable outdoor public information display device adaptable for mounting on a pole or bracket support insertable into said device, comprising: upper and lower lock plates fixedly attachable to said support, said upper and lower lock plates comprising means for accommodating rotation of the remainder of the device; identical dome-shaped top and bottom caps, comprising means for accommodating rotation of the device complementary to those on the upper and lower lock plates, rotatably aligned, respectively, with said upper and lower lock plates; wherein said top and bottom caps comprise integral circumferential ridges defining strip display spaces; and a main cylinder mating with said top and bottom caps comprising poster display spaces removably engageable with said top and bottom caps. 2. The device of claim 1 wherein said means comprised in said lock plates for accommodating rotation of the remainder of the device comprise a groove sized to permit revolving of ball bearings seated within said top and bottom caps. 3. The device of claim 1 wherein said main cylinder is non-rotatably engageable with said top and bottom caps. 4. The device of claim 1 wherein said lock plates are attached to said support by means of a single bolt extending through each lock plate and said support. 5. The device of claim 1 comprising a light source in the interior thereof. 6. The device of claim 1 wherein said upper and lower lock plates are identical. 7. The device of claim 1 wherein said top and bottom caps comprise rims extending from the outer surfaces thereof and said main cylinder comprises rims extending from the inner surfaces thereof whereby said top and bottom caps are engageable with said main cylinder. 8. The device of claim 1 wherein said top and bottom caps comprise and said main cylinder comprises complementary latching means, whereby said top and bottom caps are latchably engageable with said main cylinder. 9. The device of claim 1 wherein said main cylinder comprises three cylindrical sections engageable with each other. 10. The device of claim 1 wherein said main cylinder comprises an integral longitudinal ridge. 11. An outdoor sign system comprising the rotatable device of claim 1 and a solar-powered lamp affixed thereabove for illuminating said device. 