A reconfigurable solar panel system having a plurality of solar cells arranged in a predefined pattern on a printed circuit board having a predefined pattern of interconnection paths to form at least one solar cell module. The solar panel being made of at least one solar cell module and having the capability to be configured and reconfigured by programming at least one integrated circuit that communicates with each and every solar cell on the solar module. The present invention is capable of monitoring, controlling, and protecting the solar panel, as well as being reconfigured before, during and after the panel is assembled. With the present invention it is also possible to reconfigure the solar panel after it has been employed in an application, such as a satellite that is in orbit.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A modular solar panel system comprising: at least one solar cell module comprising: a printed circuit board medium having a pattern of interconnecting path options; a plurality of solar cells arranged in a matrix on said printed circuit board medium; at least one integrated circuit having a program defining a reconfigurable sub-pattern from said pattern of interconnecting path options, said plurality of solar cells being connected by said reconfigurable sub-pattern; and an integrated circuit located on said solar panel system being in communication with each of said at least one integrated circuits located on each of said at least one solar cell module. 2. The system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said printed circuit board medium is made of a rigid material. 3. The system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said printed circuit board medium is made of a flexible material. 4. The system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said plurality of solar cells further comprises a number of solar cells being reserved for providing excess power to said solar panel system. 5. The system as claimed in claim 4 wherein said system has a threshold voltage output and wherein said system further comprises a voltage monitor for comparing said threshold voltage output to an actual voltage output and wherein said reserved solar cells are activated when said actual voltage output is less than said threshold voltage output. 6. A method for reconfiguring a solar panel system having at least one solar cell module having a plurality of solar cells mounted on a printed circuit board having a pattern of interconnecting path options for connecting said plurality of solar cells, said method comprising the steps of: programming at least one integrated circuit chip having the capability of addressing each solar cell in said plurality of solar cells to define a signal route from said pattern of interconnecting path options and defining a power output and a current output for said solar panel system; programming an integrated circuit chip on each of said at least one solar cell module; and programming said at least one integrated circuit chip to communicate with each said integrated circuit chip on each of said at least one solar cell module. 7. The method as claimed in claim 6 further comprising the step of monitoring each of said plurality of solar cells. 8. The method as claimed in claim 7 wherein the step of monitoring further comprises: determining a functional state of at least one solar cell in said plurality of solar cells; and determining an operation for said at least one solar cell based on said functional state of said solar cell. 9. The method as claimed in claim 8 wherein said step of determining a functional state of at least one solar cell further comprises using a voltage monitoring circuit. 10. The method as claimed in claim 6 further comprising the step of regulating the power of said solar panel system. 11. The method as claimed in claim 6 further comprising the step of protecting said solar panel system. 12. The method as claimed in claim 11 wherein said step of protecting said solar panel system further comprises the step of bypassing a solar cell that is operating in an undesirable state. 13. The method as claimed in claim 6 wherein said step of programming further comprises programming by remotely accessing said solar panel system. 14. A method for controlling a voltage output of a solar panel having at least one solar cell module having a plurality of solar cells mounted on a printed circuit board having a pattern of interconnection path options for connecting said plurality of solar cells, said plurality of solar cells having a number of solar cells as a reserve number, said method comprising the steps of: programming at least one integrated circuit chip having the capability of addressing each solar cell in said plurality of solar cells to define a signal path routed from said pattern of interconnection path options and defining a power output and a current output for said solar panel; comparing a threshold voltage output to an actual voltage output to determine if said actual voltage output is less than said threshold voltage output; and activating said reserve number of solar cells to provide excess power to said solar panel when said actual voltage output is less than said threshold voltage output. 