An indication device of the present invention includes a case body provided to a movable portion during in use by a both-sided adhesive tape or a fitting; luminous body provided with the case body and emits a light or a blinking light by using electric current generated in a power source; a first ON/OFF switch with an optical sensor interposed between the power source and luminous body, and a second ON/OFF switch turning on automatically during use. Therefore, the indication device can allow the others to become aware of person's whereabouts by emitting light or blinking light when in use. The device can be turned off automatically to prevent dissipation of power.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An indication device for mounting on a movable object comprising: a case body for mounting on the movable object by one of a two-sided adhesive tape and a fitting; a power source provided in the case body; a luminous body provided in the case body for emitting one of a constant light and a blinking light by using electric current generated in the power source; a first ON/OFF switch for turning on automatically during use in response to movement of the movable object; a second ON/OFF switch including an optical sensor for turning on automatically when no light is received by the optical sensor; and said first ON/OFF switch and said second ON/OFF switch interconnecting said power source and said luminous body. 2. The indication device according to claim 1, wherein said fitting is one of a belt and a suspending member. 3. The indication device according to claim 1, further comprising a connector, wherein said case body is formed with said connector one of integrally and separately. 4. The indication device according to claim 1, wherein said power source is a battery. 5. The indication device according to claim 1, wherein said power source is one of a solar battery and a wind-force generator. 6. An indication device according to claim 1, wherein said luminous body is a Light Emitting Diode. 7. The indication device according to claim 1, wherein said luminous body includes a flow rating circuit. 8. The indication device according to claim 1, wherein said first ON/OFF switch turns on automatically by oscillating of a movable contact during use. 9. The indication device according to claim 1, further comprising a power rating circuit electrically connected between the first ON/OFF switch and the second ON/OFF switch. 10. The indication device according to claim 1, wherein the first ON/OFF switch is turned on when a centrifugal force acts on the first ON/OFF switch. 11. The indication device according to claim 1, further comprising a blinking circuit electrically connected between the first ON/OFF switch and the second ON/OFF switch. 12. The indication device according to claim 1, wherein the case body floats. 13. The indication device according to claim 12, wherein the luminous body is activated when the case body is pulled under water. 14. An indication device comprising: a case body having at least one outward projection; a power source provided in the case body; a luminous body provided in the case body for emitting one of a constant light and a blinking light by using electric current generated in the power source; a first ON/OFF switch; a second ON/OFF switch including an optical sensor for turning on automatically when no light is received by the optical sensor; and said first ON/OFF switch and said second ON/OFF switch interconnecting said power source and said luminous body. 15. The indication device according to claim 14, wherein said power source is a battery. 16. The indication device according to claim 14, wherein said luminous body is a Light Emitting Diode. 17. The indication device according to claim 14, wherein said luminous body includes a flow rating circuit. 18. The indication device according to claim 14, wherein said first ON/OFF switch turns on automatically by oscillating of a movable contact during use. 19. The indication device according to claim 14, wherein the first ON/OFF switch turns on automatically when the case body is gripped by hand. 20. An indication device comprising: a case body; a power source provided in the case body; a luminous body provided in the case body for emitting one of a constant light and a blinking light by using electric current generated in the power source; an ON/OFF switch including an optical sensor for turning on automatically when no light is received by the optical sensor; and said power source and said luminous body being electrically interconnected by the ON/OFF switch. 21. The indication device according to claim 20, further comprising a second ON/OFF switch turning on automatically during use and being electrically connected between said power source and said first ON/OFF switch. 