A misfire monitor for detecting cylinder misfires in an internal combustion engine. The monitor has a light detector that senses infrared light signals emerging from combustion gases through a window inserted on an exhaust pipe or manifold. Characteristics of a detected light signal indicate whether there is a firing or a misfire in any cylinder. Other information about the engine is deduced with processing of the detected signals and misfire counts. The detection is real time and functions well at all normal engine speeds and operating conditions.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A misfire monitor for an engine having at least one engine cylinder, comprising: a window situated on an exhaust pipe of the engine downstream of the at least one engine cylinder, the exhaust pipe carrying heated exhaust from the engine, the heated exhaust emits light; a light detector proximate to said window, said light detector detecting light that is emitted through the window by the heated exhaust in the exhaust pipe, the light detector providing an output signal; and a processor connected to said light detector, said processor identifying a misfire of the engine using, at least on part, the output signal of the light detector. 2. A misfire monitor for an engine having at least one engine cylinder, comprising: a window situated on an exhaust pipe of the engine downstream of the at least one engine cylinder; an exhaust gas from the at least one cylinder of the engine, which passes through the exhaust pipe, emits light; a light detector proximate to said window, a portion of the light passes through said window and impinges said light detector, said light detector outputs an electrical signal representative of the light; a processor connected to said light detector, said processor identifying a misfire of the engine using, at least on part, the output signal of the light detector. 3. The misfire monitor of claim 2, further comprising a support structure for holding said detector proximate to said window. 4. The misfire monitor of claim 3, wherein: said processor receives and measures an amplitude of the electrical signal from said detector; if the amplitude is within a certain range of values, then the electrical signal is counted as a firing by the processor; and if the amplitude is not within the certain range of values, then the electrical signal is counted as a misfire by the processor. 5. The misfire monitor of claim 4, wherein the certain range of values is determined in terms of a deviation from an average amplitude value of a plurality of amplitudes of a plurality of electrical signals from said detector. 6. The misfire monitor of claim 5, wherein: said detector is at a sufficient distance from said window to keep the detector from becoming unreasonably hot; and said detector is close enough to detect a signal from a burned exhaust gas adequate for providing an electrical signal that indicates a firing. 7. The misfire monitor of claim 6, wherein: an electrical signal counted by said processor as a firing, is recorded by said processor; an electrical signal counted by said processor as a misfire, is recorded by said processor; and said processor can calculate for a given period of time a number of misfires and a number of firings. 8. The misfire monitor of claim 7, wherein: said processor can receive an electrical signal from the engine for identifying a cylinder as a source of an exhaust gas; and said processor can identify a cylinder from which each misfire and firing comes. 9. The misfire monitor of claim 8, wherein said processor determines stoichiometric properties of an air-fuel mixture that resulted in the exhaust gas detected, according to characteristics of said electrical signal representative of the light emitted by the exhaust gas. 10. The misfire monitor of claim 9, further comprising: a filter situated between the exhaust gas and said detector; and wherein said filter has at least one transmissive wavelength. 11. The misfire monitor of claim 10, wherein the light is infrared light. 12. The misfire monitor of claim 11, wherein the at least one transmissive wavelength is the same as at least one source wavelength emerging from the exhaust gas. 13. The misfire monitor of claim 12, wherein the at least one source wavelength is between one and five microns. 14. The misfire monitor of claim 13, wherein said window is fabricated from a heat-tolerant, infrared-transparent material. 15. The misfire monitor of claim 14, wherein said window is fabricated from sapphire. 16. The misfire monitor of claim 14, wherein said window is fabricated from quartz. 17. The misfire monitor of claim 14, wherein said window is fabricated from silicon. 18. The misfire monitor of claim 14, wherein said window is fabricated from glass. 19. The misfire monitor of claim 10, wherein said detector is an infrared light detector. 20. The misfire monitor of claim 19, wherein said detector is an uncooled, infrared light detector. 21. The misfire monitor of claim 19, wherein said detector is a thermoelectric sensor. 22. The misfire monitor of claim 19, wherein said detector is a bolometer. 23. The misfire monitor of claim 19, wherein said detector is a pyroelectric sensor. 24. The misfire monitor of claim 19, wherein said detector is a photoconductive sensor. 25. The misfire monitor of claim 19, wherein said detector is a photovoltaic sensor. 26. The misfire monitor of claim 10, wherein said detector is an array of detectors. 27. The misfire monitor of claim 4, wherein said support structure is a heat minimizing structure. 28. The misfire monitor of claim 27, wherein said support structure comprises a heat insulating material. 29. The misfire monitor of claim 27, wherein said support structure comprises means for cooling a background area of said window. 30. The misfire monitor of claim 29, wherein the means for cooling comprises heat radiative fins. 31. The misfire monitor of claim 29, wherein the means for cooling comprises a cooling liquid jacket. 32. The misfire monitor of claim 27, wherein said support structure comprises means for cooling said detector. 33. The misfire monitor of claim 14, wherein said window has a shape of a lens for directing the light from the exhaust gas. 34. A method for monitoring misfires of an engine having at least one engine cylinder, comprising the steps of: detecting and converting light signals emerging from exhaust gases passing through an exhaust pipe downstream of the one or more engine cylinders, into electrical signals representative of the light signals; measuring amplitudes of the electrical signals; and classifying the electrical signals into misfires and firings according to amplitudes. 35. The method of claim 34, further comprising: counting and recording the misfires and firings; and identifying a cylinder of the engine from which each misfire and firing comes. 36. The method of claim 35, wherein the detecting light signals is through a window situated on the exhaust pipe. 37. A misfire monitor of an engine having at least one engine cylinder, comprising: means for detecting light emerging from an exhaust gas in an exhaust pipe downstream of the at least one engine cylinder; means, connected to said means for detecting light, for providing electrical signals representative of the light; means for classifying the electrical signals into misfires and firings; and means for counting and recording the misfires and firings. 38. The misfire monitor of claim 37, further comprising means for identifying a cylinder of the engine, which a misfire or firing is from. 39. The misfire monitor of claim 38, wherein said means for detecting light comprises: a window formed on the exhaust pipe; and a light detector situated proximate to the window for detecting the light. 40. The misfire monitor of claim 39, wherein the light is infrared light. 41. The misfire monitor of claim 40, wherein the infrared light is a thermal emission of CO.sub.2. 42. The misfire monitor of claim 40, wherein the infrared light is a thermal emission of H.sub.2 O. 43. The misfire monitor of claim 39, further comprising a means for detecting signals of an exhaust gas in an exhaust port of each cylinder, in lieu of said means for detecting light signals emerging from an exhaust gas in the exhaust pipe. 44. The misfire monitor of claim 39, wherein the light is a thermal emission. 45. The misfire monitor of claim 41, further comprising a cooling device proximate to said light detector to minimize background thermal emission from an exhaust pipe area viewed by said light detector. 46. The misfire monitor of claim 45, wherein minimizing the background thermal emission increases a signal-to-noise ratio of the electrical signals. 47. A misfire monitor for an engine having at least one engine cylinder, comprising: a detector for sensing light signals emitted from an exhaust gas from the engine downstream of the at least one engine cylinder; and a processor, connected to said detector, for processing electrical signals from said detector and for identifying a misfire of the engine therefrom. 48. The misfire monitor of claim 47, wherein said detector receives light through a proximate window situated on an exhaust pipe of the engine. 49. The misfire monitor of claim 48, wherein: the electrical signals from said detector are representative of the light signals; and said processor classifies each of the electrical signals from said detector as a misfire or a firing. 