A disaster shelter for mounting under ground. The shelter includes an entranceway having at least one air vent and a substantially hollow paraboloid shaped shelter cell. The shelter cell includes a paraboloid focus portion attached to the entranceway and paraboloid base portion disposed opposite the entranceway. A gravity ring is attached to the paraboloid base portion and is dimensioned such that the shelter is constrained within the ground when the water table reaches ground level.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A disaster shelter for mounting under ground, said disaster shelter comprising an entranceway comprising at least one air vent; a substantially hollow partial paraboloid shaped shelter cell, said shelter cell having a paraboloid focus portion attached to said entranceway and paraboloid base portion disposed opposite said entranceway; and a gravity ring attached to said paraboloid base portion, said gravity ring being dimensioned such that said disaster shelter is constrained within the ground when a water table reaches a level of the ground. 2. The disaster shelter as claimed in claim 1 further comprising a life support system. 3. The disaster shelter as claimed in claim 2 wherein said life support system comprises an air intake duct in fluid communication with said at least one air vent, an air filter in fluid communication with said air intake duct, a blower in fluid communication with said air filter, and at least one battery in electrical communication with said blower. 4. The disaster shelter as claimed in claim 3 wherein said air filter is a highly efficient particulate air filter. 5. The disaster shelter as claimed in claim 4 wherein said highly efficient particulate air filter a vertically oriented and is disposed between a manway and a manway opening of said entranceway. 6. The disaster shelter as claimed in claim 3 further comprising a plunger valve for controlling a flow of air through said air inlet. 7. The disaster shelter as claimed in claim 3 further comprising a septic tank. 8. The disaster shelter as claimed in claim 7 wherein said septic tank is a leaching septic tank. 9. The disaster shelter as claimed in claim 7 wherein said battery charger comprises a solar panel. 10. The disaster shelter as claimed in claim 3 wherein said blower comprises an exhaust disposed within said shelter cell and wherein said exhaust is positioned to create cyclonic air movement within said shelter cell. 11. The disaster shelter as claimed in claim 3 wherein said at least one battery comprises at least one twelve volt deep cycle battery, and wherein said at least one battery contains sufficient electrical energy when fully charged to power said blower to supply between 40 and 60 cubic feet per minute of air for six days. 12. The disaster shelter as claimed in claim 3 further comprising a battery charger in electrical communication with said at least one battery. 13. The disaster shelter as claimed in claim 1 wherein said entranceway further comprises a substantially cylindrical manway attached to said focus portion of said shelter cell, a hatch dome ring disposed about, and extending outward from, said manway, and a hatch dome cover removably attached to said hatch dome ring such that said hatch dome cover forms a weather resistant seal with said hatch dome ring. 14. The disaster shelter as claimed in claim 13 wherein manway comprises an air inlet and an air outlet, wherein said hatch dome ring comprises at least one inlet vent opening and at least one outlet vent opening, and wherein said inlet vent opening and said outlet vent opening are dimensioned and disposed relative to said air inlet and said air outlet such that rain is prevented from entering said air inlet and said air outlet. 15. The disaster shelter as claimed in claim 13 wherein said hatch dome cover and said hatch dome ring form a substantially continuous surface, said surface being dimensioned to protect said disaster shelter from damage due to a disaster. 16. The disaster shelter as claimed in claim 15 wherein said surface is substantially dome shaped and has an angle of incidence of less than twenty degrees. 17. The disaster shelter as claimed in claim 1 further comprising a communication device. 18. The disaster shelter as claimed in claim 17 wherein said communication device comprises radio and a retractable antenna. 19. The disaster shelter as claimed in claim 1, wherein said shelter cell is manufactured of structural fiberglass. 20. The disaster shelter as claimed in claim 1 further comprising an emergency escape manway disposed through a side wall of said shelter cell. 