A system for determining the energy and volume delivered by a flowing natural gas carried within a pipeline based on BTU content analysis of the natural gas using a micro-miniature gas chromatograph. By monitoring key parameters of the flowing natural gas, such as temperature, pressure, flow rate, and BTU content, the system 110 accurately determines the total energy and total volume delivered by the flowing natural gas over a programmable duration of time. Micro-miniature fabrication of the gas chromatograph imparts important advantages to the system 110, including small size, modular design, low power consumption, fast BTU analysis times, and low consumption of consumable carrier and reference gases. Low power consumption permits operation of the system 110 using low-capacity supplies such as solar or battery, while minuscule consumption of consumable gases permits the use of 100 ml or less cartridges for the carrier and reference gases, making the integration of the consumable gas cartridges into the system 110 enclosure practical. A further advantage of the micro-miniature gas chromatograph as used in the system 110 is its modular design, allowing convenient disposal and replacement. The foregoing attributes combine to provide an energy monitoring system that, due to its small size, low operating power, and low consumption of consumable gases, is ideally suited for unattended operation for extended periods of time.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for monitoring an energy value for a flowing gas comprising: a flow monitor for measuring a flow rate of the flowing gas; a micro-miniature gas chromatograph for detecting an amount of a constituent bearing on energy content of the flowing gas comprising: i. a micro-capillary injection chamber in selective fluid communication with an inert carrier gas and a sample of the flowing gas for mixing the carrier gas and the sample into a gas mixture, ii. a micro-capillary separation column for separating the constituent from the gas mixture having a first opening in fluid communication with said injection chamber for receiving the gas mixture and a second opening for exhausting the constituent separated from the gas mixture, iii. a detector in fluid communication with said second opening of said separation column for detecting an amount of the constituent, and iv. a heater in thermal communication with said injection chamber and said separation column for heating said injection chamber and said separation column; a control system operatively associated with said flow monitor and said detector for calculating the energy value of the flowing gas based on the flow rate of the flowing gas and the detected amount of the constituent; an inlet tube in fluid communication with the flowing gas for obtaining the sample; a pressure regulator operatively associated with the sample tube for regulating the pressure of the sample; a filter operatively associated with the pressure regulator for filtering the sample; an outlet tube in fluid communication with said micro-miniature gas chromatograph for conveying the regulated and filtered sample gas to said micro-miniature gas chromatograph; and a heater in thermal communication with at least one of said inlet tube, said filter, said pressure regulator, and said outlet tube for preventing condensates from forming in the sample gas. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said micro-miniature gas chromatograph is detachably connected as a replaceable module. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said micro-miniature gas chromatograph further comprises: a plurality of micro-capillary separation columns disposed in parallel connection between said injection chamber and said detector; and a plurality of micro-miniature valves disposed within the said plurality of separation columns and operatively associated with said control system for allowing the control system to selectively isolate one of the said plurality of separation columns for separating the constituent in the gas mixture. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said micro-miniature gas chromatograph further comprises: a plurality of gas-conveying interconnections between said injection chamber and said micro-capillary separation column for injecting the gas mixture into one of a plurality of points disposed along the length of said separation column; and a plurality of micro-miniature valves disposed within said gas-conveying interconnections operatively associated with said control system for allowing said control system to select one of the plurality of injection points for injecting the gas mixture into the separation column. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a gas cartridge separately containing the carrier gas and a reference gas for use by said gas chromatograph. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein said gas cartridge is detachably connected as a replaceable module. 7. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein said control system, said micro-miniature gas chromatograph, said flow monitor, and said gas cartridge are commonly housed within an environmental enclosure. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a conditioner disposed in advance of said micro-miniature gas chromatograph having separate filtering and pressure regulation for the carrier gas, the sample gas, and a reference gas for providing conditioned carrier, reference, and sample gases to said micro-miniature gas chromatograph. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein said conditioner is detachably connected as a replaceable module. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a gas sampler which is detachably connected for modular replacement. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein operating power for said apparatus is supplied by an external solar panel. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said detector detects a plurality of constituent gases, including nitrogen, oxygen, methane, ethane, propane, butane, pentane, and selected hexanes. 13. The apparatus of claim 12 wherein the BTU value is determined by said control system based on a mole % concentration of detected constituent gases separated from the sample using the micro-miniature gas chromatograph. 14. The apparatus of claim 12 wherein a supercompressibility value is determined by said control system based on a mole % concentration of detected constituent gases. 15. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a gas cartridge for supplying the carrier gas and a sealed enclosure housing said gas chromatograph, said injection chamber, and said gas cartridge. 16. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein at least a portion of said gas chromatograph is a replaceable module detachably connected to adjacent sections of said gas chromatograph. 17. The apparatus of claim 16 wherein said separation column is within said replaceable module. 18. The apparatus of claim 16 wherein said injection chamber is within said replaceable module. 19. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said control system is configured to periodically operate in a wake state to calculate the energy value of the flowing gas and an ultra-low power sleep state in between wake states. 20. The apparatus of claim 19 including a battery for supplying power for operation. 21. The apparatus of claim 20 further including a solar panel for supplying power for operation and to charge said battery. 22. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein a conditioner is placed prior to said chromatograph within said energy monitoring apparatus for filtering the sample gas prior to said injection chamber. 23. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said carrier gas line of a conditioner prior to said chromatograph further includes a pressure regulator for reducing the pressure associated with the carrier gas prior to said injection chamber. 24. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said carrier gas line of a conditioner prior to said chromatograph further includes a second pressure regulator for reducing the pressure associated with the carrier gas prior to said injection chamber. 25. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a supply of reference gas wherein said injection chamber is in selective fluid communication with said supply of reference gas and said control system is configured to inject the carrier gas and the sample gas during a first operation and inject the reference gas during a second operation. 26. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a second heater adjacent said injection chamber for heating said gas mixture. 27. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a second heater adjacent micro-capillary channels other than said separation column for heating gases flowing through portions of said gas chromatograph. 28. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said gas chromatograph further comprises a second detector associated with said second opening of said separation column for detecting an amount of a second constituent separated from said flowing gas in said separation column. 29. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said gas chromatograph further comprises a plurality of detectors associated with said second opening of said separation column for detecting an amount of a plurality of constituents separated from said flowing gas in said separation column. 30. The apparatus of claim 29 wherein individual ones of said detectors are configured to detect a constituent of the group consisting of: nitrogen, oxygen, methane, ethane, propane, butane, pentane, and hexane. 31. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said control system is configured to determine supercompressibility of the constituent based on the amount of the constituent detected by said detector. 32. An apparatus for measuring an energy value for a flowing gas comprising: a flow monitor for monitoring a flow rate of the flowing gas; a pressure monitor for monitoring a pressure of the flowing gas; a temperature monitor for monitoring a temperature of the flowing gas; a gas sampler for obtaining a sample from the flowing gas; a gas cartridge separately containing a carrier gas and a reference gas; a gas conditioner for conditioning the carrier gas, the reference gas, and the sample; a micro-miniature gas chromatograph for detecting an amount of a constituent of the sample bearing on energy content of the flowing gas comprising: i. a micro-capillary injection chamber in selective fluid communication with an inert carrier gas and the sample for mixing the carrier gas and sample into a gas mixture, ii. a micro-capillary separation column having a first opening in fluid communication with said chamber for receiving the gas mixture and a second opening for exhausting the constituent separated from the gas mixture, iii. a detector in fluid communication with said second opening of said separation column for detecting an amount of the constituent, and iv. a heater in thermal communication with said injection chamber and said separation column for heating said injection chamber and said separation column; a control system operatively associated with said flow, temperature, and pressure monitors, said gas sampler, said gas conditioner, and said micro-miniature gas chromatograph for determining the energy value for the flowing gas based on the flow rate of the flowing gas, the temperature of the flowing gas, the pressure of the flowing gas, and the detected amount of the constituent; and wherein the combination of said control system, said micro-miniature gas chromatograph, and said flow meter require less than 2W of power in operation. 33. The apparatus of claim 32 wherein said gas cartridge, said gas conditioner, and said micro-miniature gas chromatograph are combined in a separately replaceable analysis module. 34. The apparatus of claim 32 wherein said gas cartridge, said gas conditioner, and said micro-miniature gas chromatograph comprising a replaceable analysis module are independently replaceable modular assemblies. 35. The apparatus of claim 32 wherein a common environmental enclosure houses said pressure monitor, said temperature monitor, said gas sampler, said gas cartridge, said gas conditioner, said micro-miniature gas chromatograph, and said control system. 36. The apparatus of claim 32 wherein an external solar power panel provides operating power for said apparatus. 37. An apparatus for monitoring an energy value for a flowing gas comprising: a flow monitor for measuring a flow rate of the flowing gas; a replaceable, micro-miniature gas chromatograph module for detecting amounts of constituents bearing on energy content of the flowing gas comprising: i. a micro-capillary injection chamber in selective fluid communication with an inert carrier gas and a sample of the flowing gas for mixing the carrier gas and the sample into a gas mixture, ii. a micro-capillary separation column for separating the constituent from the gas mixture having a first opening in fluid communication with said injection chamber for receiving the gas mixture and a second opening for exhausting the constituent separated from the gas mixture, iii. a plurality of detectors associated with said second opening of said separation column for detecting an amount of a plurality of constituents separated from said flowing gas in said separation column, and iv. a heater in thermal communication with said injection chamber and said separation column for heating said injection chamber and said separation column; a control system operatively associated with said flow monitor and said detectors for calculating the supercompressibility of the flowing gas based on the flow rate of the flowing gas and the detected amount of the constituents to determine an energy value for the flowing gas; and wherein said control system is configured to determine the mole percent of the constituent based on the amount of the constituent detected by said detector. 