A portable PV modular solar generator. A plurality of wheels are attached to the bottom of a rechargeable battery container. At least one rechargeable battery is contained inside the rechargeable battery container. A power conditioning panel is connected to the rechargeable battery container. At least one photovoltaic panel is pivotally connected. In a preferred embodiment, the rechargeable battery container is a waterproof battery enclosure having a knife switch connection. A mast having a rotation bar is supported by the waterproof battery enclosure. At least one solar panel support brace for supporting the photovoltaic panel is attached to the rotation bar. The power conditioning panel is waterproof, is attached to the mast and has a door. When the door is opened, at least one safety switch is opened, breaking an electric circuit. The waterproof power conditioning panel has a charge controller and an inverter. The charge controller is electrically connected to at least one rechargeable battery and at least one photovoltaic panel, and is capable or receiving auxiliary power inputs.
Claims We claim: 1. A portable PV modular solar generator, comprising: A) a waterproof battery enclosure comprising a knife switch connection, B) a plurality of wheels attached to the bottom of said waterproof battery enclosure, C) a plurality of rechargeable batteries contained inside said waterproof battery enclosure, D) a mast comprising a rotation bar, wherein said mast is supported by said waterproof battery enclosure, E) at least one solar panel support brace attached to said rotation bar, wherein said at least one solar panel support brace is capable of pivoting about the axis formed by said rotation bar, F) at least one photovoltaic panel supported by said at least one solar panel support brace, G) a waterproof power conditioning panel comprising a door, said waterproof power conditioning panel attached to said mast, wherein said waterproof power conditioning panel comprises at least one safety switch that opens breaking an electric circuit when said door is opened, said waterproof power conditioning panel further comprising: i) a charge controller electrically connected to said at least one photovoltaic panel and said at least one rechargeable battery, and ii) an inverter electrically connected to said charge controller, and H) an auxiliary power input device electrically connected to said charge controller. 2. A portable PV modular solar generator, comprising: A) a rechargeable battery container for containing up to approximately 960 pounds of rechargeable batteries, B) a plurality of wheels attached to the bottom of said rechargeable battery container, C) at least one rechargeable battery contained inside said rechargeable battery container, D) a power conditioning panel for containing at least one electrical component wherein said at least one electrical component is connected to said at least one rechargeable battery, and E) at least one pivotally connected photovoltaic panel, wherein said portable PV modular generator is capable of being easily positioned by one adult male of average strength on a substantially flat grade when said portable PV modular solar generator is loaded with said approximately 960 pounds of rechargeable batteries, wherein said portable PV modular solar generator when loaded with said approximately 960 pounds of rechargeable batteries is capable of energy storage of approximately 2800 amp-hours. 3. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 2, further comprising a mast connected to said rechargeable battery container, wherein said mast comprises a rotation bar, wherein said at least one photovoltaic panel is pivotally connected via said rotation bar. 4. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 2, wherein said plurality of wheels attached to the bottom of said rechargeable battery container are pivotally attached. 5. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 2, wherein said at least one rechargeable battery contained inside said rechargeable battery container is sixteen rechargeable batteries. 6. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 2, wherein said at least one rechargeable battery contained inside said rechargeable battery container is at least one lead acid battery. 7. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 2, wherein said at least one rechargeable battery contained inside said rechargeable battery container is at least one fuel cell. 8. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 2, wherein said rechargeable battery container is a waterproof battery enclosure. 9. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 8, further comprising a mast supported by said waterproof battery enclosure, wherein said mast comprises a rotation bar, wherein said at least one photovoltaic panel is pivotally connected via said rotation bar. 10. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 8, wherein said rechargeable battery container further comprises a knife switch connection. 11. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 2, wherein said power conditioning panel comprises at least one electrical component. 12. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 11, wherein said at least one electrical component comprises: A) a charge controller electrically connected to said at least one photovoltaic panel and said at least one rechargeable battery, and B) an inverter electrically connected to said charge controller. 13. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 2, wherein said power conditioning panel is waterproof. 14. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 2, wherein said power conditioning panel comprises: A) a door, and B) at least one safety switch that opens breaking an electrical circuit when said door is opened. 15. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 2, wherein said at least one photovoltaic panel is four photovoltaic panels. 16. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 2, further comprising at least one solar panel support brace wherein said at least one photovoltaic panel is supported by said at least one solar panel support brace. 17. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 2, further comprising an auxiliary power input device. 18. A portable PV modular solar generator, comprising: A) a waterproof battery enclosure containing up to approximately 960 pounds of rechargeable batteries, wherein said waterproof battery enclosure comprises a knife switch connection, B) a plurality of wheels attached to the bottom of said waterproof battery enclosure, C) a plurality of rechargeable batteries contained inside said waterproof battery enclosure, D) a mast comprising a rotation bar, wherein said mast is supported by said waterproof battery enclosure, E) at least one solar panel support brace attached to said rotation bar, wherein said at least one solar panel support brace is capable of pivoting about the axis formed by said rotation bar, F) at least one photovoltaic panel supported by said at least one solar panel support brace, G) a waterproof power conditioning panel comprising a door, said waterproof power conditioning panel attached to said mast, wherein said waterproof power conditioning panel comprises at least one safety switch that opens breaking an electric circuit when said door is opened, said waterproof power conditioning panel further comprising: i) a charge controller electrically connected to said at least one photovoltaic panel and said at least one rechargeable battery, and ii) an inverter electrically connected to said charge controller, and H) an auxiliary power input device electrically connected to said charge controller, wherein said portable PV modular solar generator is capable of being easily positioned by one adult male of average strength on a substantially flat grade when said portable PV modular solar generator is loaded with said approximately 960 pounds of rechargeable batteries, wherein said portable PV modular solar generator when loaded with said approximately 960 pounds of rechargeable batteries is capable of energy storage of approximately 2800 amp-hours. 