A helmet lighting system for a motorcycle helmet includes a transmitter mounted on a motorcycle for broadcasting a radio-frequency signal to a receiver mounted on the motorcycle helmet. The transmitter includes a microprocessor that is connected to the brake light circuit, the running light circuit, the turn signal circuits and hazard circuit of the motorcycle. When one of the motorcycle lighting circuits is energized, the transmitter microprocessor generates and broadcasts a radio-frequency signal containing a function-specific code. The receiver receives the code and signals a pulse generator to create a function-specific electrical pulse package in a circuit containing a plurality of light emitting diodes to thereby simulate a running light, brake light, turn indicator or hazard light.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A lighting system for use with a vehicle having at least one light circuit, said system comprising: a transmitter adapted for attachment to said vehicle, said transmitter for transmitting a code in response to a current passing through said light circuit of said vehicle; and a receiver for receiving said code, said receiver comprising a pulsing circuit having a pulse generator and at least one lamp, said pulse generator for establishing an electrical pulse package comprising at least two electrical pulses in said pulsing circuit in response to said code being received by said receiver, and said lamps for emitting light pulses in response to said electrical pulse package. 2. A lighting system as recited in claim 1 wherein said light circuit of said vehicle is a brake light circuit. 3. A lighting system as recited in claim 1 wherein said code is a first code, said pulse package is a first pulse package, said lighting circuit is a first lighting circuit, said transmitter is further adapted to transmit a second code in response to a current passing through a second light circuit of said vehicle, and said pulse generator is adapted to establish a second pulse package in said pulsing circuit in response to said second code being received by said receiver. 4. A lighting system as recited in claim 1 wherein said lamp is a light emitting diode. 5. A lighting system as recited in claim 1 wherein said transmitter comprises a means for modulating said code onto a radio-frequency signal for transmission to said receiver. 6. A lighting system as recited in claim 1 wherein said pulse package comprises; a first plurality of pulses having a substantially uniform pulse rate, .tau..sub.1, a second plurality of pulses having a substantially uniform pulse rate, .tau..sub.1, and a de-energized period; said de-energized period being interposed between said first and second plurality of pulses and having a duration that exceeds the quantity 1/.tau..sub.1. 7. A lighting system as recited in claim 6 wherein said receiver further comprises a battery connected to said pulsing circuit and said microprocessor, said receiver further comprising a motion sensor for disconnecting said battery from said pulsing circuit and said microprocessor in response to a lack of motion detected by said motion sensor for a predetermined time and for reconnecting said power supply to said pulsing circuit and said microprocessor in response to a detection of motion by said motion sensor. 8. A lighting system as recited in claim 7 wherein said transmitter is adapted to transmit a third code in response to a current passing through the ignition circuit of said vehicle and said lighting system further comprises a means for preventing said motion sensor from disconnecting said power supply from said pulsing circuit and said microprocessor in response to said third code being received by said receiver. 9. A method for establishing a wireless link between a vehicle having a braking circuit and a helmet comprising the steps of: connecting a transmitter having a first microprocessor to said braking circuit of said vehicle, said transmitter configurable between a teach mode for establishing a braking code and broadcasting a first signal with said braking code modulated thereon and an operational mode for broadcasting a second signal with said braking code modulated thereon in response to a current flowing through said brake circuit of said vehicle; mounting a receiver having a second microprocessor to said helmet, said receiver configurable between a learn mode for receiving said first signal and storing said braking code into memory, and an operational mode for energizing at least one lamp in response to receiving said second signal; and configuring said transmitter into said teach mode and said receiver into said learn mode to establish a wireless link between said vehicle and said helmet. 10. A method as recited in claim 9 further comprising the following steps: configuring said transmitter and said receiver into operational mode; passing a current through said braking circuit to cause said second signal to be broadcast by said transmitter; receiving said second signal by said receiver; using said second microprocessor to compare said braking code on said second signal to said braking code on said first signal; and energizing said at least one lamp mounted on said helmet in response to a match between said braking code on said second signal and said braking code on said first signal. 11. A method as recited in claim 9 wherein said first microprocessor establishes said brake code for broadcast on said first signal by randomly selecting a code from among a group of codes having at least twenty five hundred codes. 12. A method as recited in claim 9 wherein said first signal is a radio-frequency signal. 13. A method as recited in claim 9 wherein said at least one lamp is energized by a pulsed current. 14. A method as recited in claim 9 wherein said current is passed through said braking circuit by engaging the vehicle brake lever. 15. A method as recited in claim 9 wherein said helmet is a first helmet, said receiver is a first receiver, said teach mode is a first teach mode, said transmitter operational mode is a first operational mode, and wherein said transmitter is further configurable to a second teach mode and a second operational mode, said second teach mode for establishing and broadcasting a second braking code for receipt by a second receiver mounted on a second helmet. 16. A method as recited in claim 9 wherein said transmitter is reconfigured by manually operating a switch connected to said first microprocessor. 17. A method as recited in claim 9 wherein said step of configuring said transmitter into said teach mode and said receiver into said learn mode is accomplished by plugging a cord extending from said transmitter into a socket located on said receiver and manually setting a mode switch connected to said first microprocessor. 18. A helmet lighting system for use with a vehicle having a brake light circuit, said lighting system comprising: a transmitter for broadcasting a signal in response to a current passing through said brake light circuit of said vehicle; a power source; a lamp; a means for receiving said signal from said transmitter, said receiving means being active when connected to said power source and inactive when disconnected from said power source, said receiving means for activation to cause an electrical current to flow from said power source to said lamp in response to said signal being received from said transmitter; a motion sensor for disconnecting said power source from said receiving means after said motion sensor remains motionless for a predetermined period of time; and a means for attaching said power source, said lamp, said receiving means and said motion sensor to a helmet. 19. A lighting system as recited in claim 18 wherein said electrical current is pulsed. 20. A lighting system as recited in claim 18 wherein said power source comprises a battery. 21. A lighting system as recited in claim 18 wherein said lamp comprises a light emitting diode. 22. A lighting system as recited in claim 18 wherein said lamp comprises a strobe. 23. A lighting system as recited in claim 20 further comprising a solar cell for charging said battery. 24. A lighting system as recited in claim 20 wherein said battery is a first battery, a second battery is attached to said vehicle, said transmitter is connected to said second battery, and said transmitter further comprises a cord for connection to said first battery to charge said first battery. 