A self-powered sunroof assembly can be mounted in the roof of a vehicle and includes a movable panel, preferably a window, a motor for controlling movement of the movable panel, and a self-contained power supply unit that supplies power to the motor. The self-contained power supply unit contains a battery and at least one solar cell array that charges the battery. The solar cell array is preferably attached to the movable panel but may be located anywhere on the sunroof assembly that may be directly or indirectly exposed to sunlight. Additionally, placement of the solar cell array on the movable window does not decrease visibility through the window.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A self-powered sunroof assembly for use in a vehicles roof, comprising: a movable window; a motor for controlling movement of said movable window; a self-contained power supply unit that supplies power to said motor and including at least one auxiliary battery and at least one solar cell array, said at least one solar cell array charging said at least one auxiliary battery; and a monitor that detects activity of said at least one solar cell array and said at least one auxiliary battery and said monitor displays activity of said at least one solar cell array and said at least one auxiliary battery. 2. A sunroof assembly as set forth in claim 1, further comprising a charge regulator, wherein said regulator monitors the charge on said at least one battery and detects when said at least one battery has reached a maximum desired power, when said at least one battery has reached said maximum desired power said regulator prevents said at least one solar cell array from supplying any more power to said at least one battery and said charge regulator prevents current flow from said at least one battery to said at least one solar cell array. 3. A sunroof assembly as set forth in claim 1, wherein said self-contained power supply unit comprises a plurality of batteries. 4. A sunroof assembly a set forth in claim 1, wherein said sunroof assembly is a spoiler sunroof. 5. A sunroof assembly as set forth in claim 1, wherein said sunroof assembly is a slide-tilt sunroof. 6. A sunroof assembly as set forth in claim 1, wherein said at least one solar cell array is made of at least one, thin film amorphous silicon cell. 7. A sunroof assembly as set forth in claim 6, wherein said window is comprised of two layers of glass, said at least one solar cell array being laminated between said two layers of glass. 8. A self-powered sunroof assembly for use in a vehicle's roof, comprising: a movable window, a motor for controlling movement of said movable window; a self-contained power supply unit that supplies power to said motor and including at least one auxiliary battery and at least one solar cell array, said at least one solar cell array charging said at least one auxiliary battery and wherein said at least one solar cell array is disposed at one edge of said panel; and a monitor that detects activity of said at least one solar cell array and said at least one auxiliary battery and said monitor displays activity of said at least one solar cell array and said at least one auxiliary battery. 9. A sunroof assembly as set forth in claim 8, wherein said moveable window is generally rectangular and said at least one solar cell array includes up to four solar cell arrays with each of said solar cell arrays being positioned along one edge of said rectangular moveable window. 10. A sunroof assembly as set forth in claim 8, wherein said at least one solar cell array is laminated to an underside of said window and encapsulated with polyurethane. 11. A sunroof assembly as set forth in claim 8, wherein at least one solar cell array is made of at least one, single crystalline silicon solar cell array. 12. A sunroof assembly as set forth in claim 8, wherein a central area of said window is uncovered by said solar cell array. 13. A sunroof assembly as set forth in claim 12, wherein said at least one solar cell array includes two solar cell arrays placed parallel to each other along opposite edges of said moveable window. 14. A self-powered sunroof assembly that can be mounted in a roof of a vehicle comprising: a movable window; a motor for controlling movement of said movable window; an independent battery unit that supplies power to said motor; at least one solar cell array attached to said sunroof assembly, said at least one solar cell array charging said independent battery unit; a charge regulator that monitors the charge on said battery unit and detects when said battery unit has reached its maximum power, when said battery unit has reached its maximum power said regulator prevents said at least one solar cell array from supplying any more power to said battery unit, and said charge regulator prevents current flow from said at least one battery to said at least one solar cell array; and a monitor that displays information relative to- said at least one solar cell array and said battery unit. 15. A sunroof assembly as set forth in claim 14, further comprising a terminal board that allows for connection and disconnection of said sunroof assembly components, and a cooling fan to draw air out of the vehicle when the temperature in the vehicle reaches a predetermined value. 16. A sunroof assembly as set forth in claim 15, wherein a central area of said window is uncovered by said solar cell array. 17. A sunroof assembly as set forth in claim 16, wherein said at least one solar cell array includes two solar cell arrays placed parallel to each other along opposite sides of said moveable window. 18. A sunroof assembly as set forth in claim 16, wherein said at least one solar cell array is only disposed at one edge of said window. 19. A self-powered sunroof assembly for use in a vehicle's roof, comprising: a movable window panel mounted within a vehicle roof; a motor mounted within said roof adjacent to said window panel to control movement of said window panel; a self-contained power supply unit solely installed within said roof to power said motor and including at least one auxiliary battery and at least one solar cell array, said at least one solar cell array charging said at least one auxiliary battery and wherein said at cast one solar cell array is disposed at one edge of said window panel. 20. A sunroof assembly as set forth in claim 19, including a charge regulator mounted within said roof that monitors the charge on said battery unit and detects when said battery unit has reached its maximum power. 21. A sunroof assembly as set forth in claim 20 wherein said change regulator includes a temperature compensator enabling said charge regulator to lower charge voltage as a function of system temperature. 22. A sunroof assembly as set forth in 20 wherein said window panel is generally rectangular and said at least one solar cell array includes up to four solar cell arrays with each of said solar cell arrays being positioned along one edge of said rectangular window panel. 23. A sunroof assembly as set forth in claim 20 wherein a central area of said window panel is uncovered by said solar cell array. 24. A sunroof assembly as set forth in claim 20 including a cooling fan mounted within said roof to draw air out of the vehicle when vehicle temperature reaches a predetermined value. 25. A sunroof assembly as set forth in claim 24 including a monitor to detect and display the charge level of said auxiliary battery. 26. A sunroof assembly as set forth in claim 25 wherein said monitor detects and displays solar input to said at least one solar cell array. 