A new and improved heat powered heat pump system and method of making same is provided. More particularly, the present invention relates to a heat powered heat pump system which uses standard commonly available refrigerant fluids, supplements pressurizing the refrigerant fluid by use of an external available heat source, enables selective switching between heating or cooling modes, and utilizes a thermal four-chambered compressor having a double piston head that is partially powered by an external heat source. Since the heat powered heat pump system may be made in various sizes and configurations, it may be utilized to cool and heat the interior of vehicles using waste engine heat and an initializing battery powered heating element to provide for immediate heating and cooling. The heat powered heat pump system attains better efficiency than current systems employed for the same purpose because of its capability to use a heat source such as a solar collector, waste heat from a generator, vehicle engine or power plant, various types of fuel cells, and a gas-fired or electrical heating element to power the four-chambered thermal compressor.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A heat powered heat pump system comprising: (a) fluid refrigerant and fluid refrigerant pump means; (b) switching valve means having two open positions and one blocked off position for the purpose of selectively directing the flow of said refrigerant; (c) heat exchanger means which acts as a heat powered refrigerant compressor capable of receiving and transferring available external heat to vaporize all of said liquid refrigerant passing through said heat exchanger means, interposed between said refrigerant pump means and said switching valve means, for the purpose of applying available external heat to said refrigerant thereby vaporizing all of said refrigerant; (d) thermal compressor means having a compressor housing, a double piston assembly and four sealed chambers such that said four sealed chambers are not in direct fluid communication with any other of said four sealed chambers, whereby said thermal compressor means utilizes heat energy to power the refrigerant compression process and liquid refrigerant vaporization; and (e) one or more heat exchanger means which can function as condensers or evaporators within said system, wherein said compressor means is interposed between said switching valve means and said one or more heat exchanger means. 2. The heat powered heat pump system according to claim 1, wherein said thermal compressor means utilizes heat energy to power the refrigerant compression process and liquid refrigerant vaporization, further comprising a cooling/heating switching means and two or more heat exchanger means which can function as condensers or as evaporators within the same system, for the purpose of allowing selective heating or cooling a space using the system. 3. The heat powered heat pump system according to claim 1, wherein said switching valve means having two open positions, further includes a straight open position and a crossed open position for the purpose of selectively directing said refrigerant to or from two of said four compressor chambers. 4. The heat powered heat pump system according to claim 1, wherein said thermal compressor means utilizes heat energy to power the refrigerant compression process and liquid refrigerant vaporization, and further wherein said switching valve means includes a three-position, electrically actuated, spring centered, four-way fluid diverter valve. 5. The heat powered heat pump system according to claim 1, wherein said heat exchanger means which acts as a heat powered refrigerant compressor capable of receiving and transferring available external heat to vaporize all of said liquid refrigerant passing through said heat exchanger means, interposed between said refrigerant pump means and said switching valve means, for the purpose of applying available external heat to said refrigerant and thereby vaporizing all of said liquid refrigerant, accepts external available heat from waste energy given off by an existing power plant. 6. The heat powered heat pump system according to claim 5, wherein said heat exchanger means which acts as a heat powered refrigerant compressor capable of receiving and transferring available external heat to vaporize all of said liquid refrigerant passing through said heat exchanger means, interposed between said refrigerant pump means and said switching valve means, for the purpose of applying available external heat to said refrigerant and thereby vaporizing all of said liquid refrigerant, accepts external available heat from waste energy given off by an existing power plant and said power plant includes a vehicle engine. 7. The heat powered heat pump system according to claim 1, wherein said heat exchanger means capable of receiving and transferring available external heat, interposed between said refrigerant pump means and said switching valve means, for the purpose of applying available external heat to said refrigerant, accepts external available heat from an existing electrical heating element. 8. The heat powered heat pump system according to claim 7, wherein said heat exchanger means capable of receiving and transferring available external heat, interposed between said refrigerant pump means and said switching valve means, for the purpose of applying available external heat to said refrigerant, accepts external available heat from an existing electrical heating element includes a heating element powered by a vehicle battery. 9. The heat powered heat pump system according to claim 7, wherein said heat exchanger means capable of receiving and transferring available external heat, interposed between said refrigerant pump means and said switching valve means, for the purpose of applying available external heat to said refrigerant, accepts external available heat from an existing electrical heating element includes a heating element powered by electrical grid derived electrical energy. 10. The heat powered heat pump system according to claim 7, wherein said heat exchanger means capable of receiving and transferring available external heat, interposed between said refrigerant pump means and said switching valve means, for the purpose of applying available external heat to said refrigerant, accepts external available heat from an existing electrical heating element includes a heating element powered by photovoltaic cells. 11. The heat powered heat pump system according to claim 7, wherein said heat exchanger means capable of receiving and transferring available external heat, interposed between said refrigerant pump means and said switching valve means, for the purpose of applying available external heat to said refrigerant, accepts external available heat from an existing electrical heating element includes a heating element powered by a fuel cell. 12. The heat powered heat pump system according to claim 1, wherein said heat exchanger means capable of receiving and transferring available external heat, interposed between said refrigerant pump means and said switching valve means, for the purpose of applying available external heat to said refrigerant, accepts external available heat from a solar powered water heating element. 13. The heat powered heat pump system according to claim 1, further including a control circuit for the purpose of controlling the frequency of switching between said two open and one closed position of said switching valve means, thereby directing the cycling rate of said compressor means, which will in turn determine the rate of heat transfer of said one or more heat exchanger means which can function as condensers or evaporators within said system. 14. The heat powered heat pump system according to claim 1, further including a power control circuit that monitors the rejection temperature of any of said one or more heat exchangers acting as a condenser or evaporator heat exchanger, and monitors the temperature of said refrigerant exiting said heat exchangers means capable of receiving and transferring available external heat, interposed between said refrigerant pump means and said switching valve means, for the purpose of applying available external heat to said refrigerant, whereby said power control circuit maintains a differential relationship between said temperatures by supplying an electrical signal for the purpose of modulating the amount of power being supplied to said heat exchanger means capable of receiving and transferring available external heat. 15. A method for making a heat powered heat pump system comprising the steps of: (a) providing fluid refrigerant and fluid refrigerant pump means; (b) providing switching valve means having two open positions and one blocked off position for the purpose of selectively directing the flow of said refrigerant; (c) providing heat exchanger means capable of receiving and transferring available external heat, interposed between said refrigerant pump means and said switching valve means, for the purpose of applying available external heat to said refrigerant; (d) applying available external heat to said heat exchanger means capable of receiving and transferring available external heat; (e) providing a thermal compressor means having a compressor housing, a double piston assembly and four sealed chambers such that said four sealed chambers are not in direct fluid communication with any other of said four sealed chambers; (f) providing one or more heat exchanger means which can function as condensers or evaporators within said system, wherein said compressor means is interposed between said switching valve means and said one or more heat exchanger means; (g) providing transmission lines for directing the flow of said refrigerant; and (h) assembling said fluid refrigerant pump means, switching valve means, heat exchanger means capable of receiving and transferring available external heat, interposed between said refrigerant pump means and said switching valve means, for the purpose of applying available external heat to said refrigerant, thermal compressor means, and one or more heat exchanger means which can function as condensers or evaporators within said system, wherein said compressor means is interposed between said switching valve means and said one or more heat exchanger means, using said transmission lines to enable fluid communication between all of the aforementioned components. 16. The method for making a heat powered heat pump system according to claim 15, further comprising the step of providing a cooling/heating switching means, and the step of providing two or more heat exchanger means which can function as condensers or as evaporators within the same system, for the purpose of allowing selective heating or cooling a space using the system. 17. The method for making a heat powered heat pump system according to claim 15, wherein said step of providing switching valve means includes providing a switching valve means having two open positions, including a straight open position and a crossed open position for the purpose of selectively directing said refrigerant to or from two of said four compressor chambers. 18. The method for making a heat powered heat pump system according to claim 15, wherein said step of providing switching valve means includes providing a three-position, electrically actuated, spring centered, four-way fluid diverter valve. 19. The method for making a heat powered heat pump system according to claim 15, wherein said step of applying available heat to said heat exchanger means capable of receiving and transferring available external heat includes applying available heat from waste energy given off by an existing power plant. 20. The method for making a heat powered heat pump system according to claim 19, wherein said step of applying waste heat from an existing power plant includes applying waste heat from a vehicle engine. 21. The method for making a heat powered heat pump system according to claim 15, wherein said step of applying available heat to said heat exchanger means capable of receiving and transferring available external heat includes applying available heat from an electrical heating element. 22. The method for making a heat powered heat pump system according to claim 21, wherein said step of applying available heat to said heat exchanger means capable of receiving and transferring available external using an electrical heating element, includes an electrical heating element powered by a vehicle battery. 23. The method for making a heat powered heat pump system according to claim 15, further comprising the step providing a control circuit, and the step of controlling said switching valve for the purpose of controlling the frequency of switching between said two open and one closed position of said switching valve means, thereby directing the cycling rate of said compressor means, which will in turn determine the rate of heat transfer of said one or more heat exchanger means which can function as condensers or evaporators within said system. 24. The method for making a heat powered heat pump system according to claim 15, further comprising the steps of: (a) providing a power control circuit that monitors the rejection temperature of any of said one or more heat exchangers acting as a condenser or evaporators heat exchangers, and monitors the temperature of said refrigerant exiting said heat exchangers means capable of receiving and transferring available external heat, interposed between said refrigerant pump means and said switching valve means, for the purpose of applying available external heat to said refrigerant, (b) monitoring said temperatures using said power control circuit; (c) maintaining a differential relationship between said temperatures by supplying an electrical signal for the purpose of modulating the amount of power being supplied to said heat exchanger means capable of receiving and transferring available external heat; (d) modulating the amount of power being supplied to said heat exchanger means capable of receiving and transferring available external heat; and (e) applying only the amount of heat necessary to cycle said switching valve means, for the purpose of operating the overall system efficiently. 