A robotically controlled steerable gimbal mounted virtual broadband hyperspectral sensor system and methods provide a highly mobile, rapidly responsive and innovative system of locating targets and exploiting hyperspectral and ultraspectral imaging and non-imaging signature information in real-time from an aircraft or ground vehicles from overhead or standoff perspective in order to discriminate and identify unique spectral characteristics of the target. The system preferably has one or more mechanically integrated hyperspectral sensors installed on a gimbal backbone and co-boresighted with a similarly optional mounted color video camera and optional LASER within an aerodynamically stable pod shell constructed for three-dimensional stabilization and pointing of the sensor on a direct overhead or off-nadir basis.
Claims That claimed is: 1. A system for gathering and tracking images, the system comprising: a vehicle mounting interface positioned to be connected to a vehicle, the vehicle mounting interface including a steerable gimbal which provides at least two axis of pivotal or rotational movement; a compact pod housing pivotally mounted to the vehicle mounting interface and having at least one window; and a spectral sensor positioned on the steerable gimbal within the pod housing to thereby enable off-nadir scanning, target acquisition, target tracking and analysis of spectral data through the at least one window of the pod housing. 2. A system as defined in claim 1, further comprising at least one external data control computer in communication with the steerable gimbal and having means responsive to said spectral sensor for enabling sustained dwell time from fixed or moving platforms toward fixed or moving targets in order to increase the spectral and spatial information obtained from extended dwell time resulting from the ability to maintain precision real-time track and therefore collect more valuable data. 3. A system as defined in claim 2, wherein the pod housing has a plurality of additional sensors positioned therein and responsive to said at least one external computer to thereby form a combination of a number of discrete narrow band sensors operating in concert as a larger single consolidated wideband type system. 4. A system as defined in claim 3, wherein each of the plurality of sensors are readily detachable and removable from the pod housing to thereby provide built-in scalability for changing out spectral sensors on a simplified and cost effective basis as technology advances. 5. A system as defined in claim 3, wherein each of the plurality of sensors are selected to optimize mission specific applications. 6. A system as defined in claim 3, further comprising three-dimensional image constructing means positioned to receive the imaging data for constructing three-dimensional spectral and spatial image and target scenes using data collected from the plurality of sensors by virtue of obtaining precision multiple perspectives about a given target resulting from the ability to move about a given point or set of points, maintain relative orbit, maintain constant track, conduct target pursuit, and maintaining target lock while changing relative target aspect. 7. A system as defined in claim 2, wherein said spectral sensor includes a contactless capacitance based slipring configuration within the pod housing to permit ultra high data bandpass and ultra high data rates in order to originate large amounts of data from within the pod internal suite of spectral sensors and then permit the data to travel--as it is collected in real-time--through the critical mechanical elevation and azimuth sliprings of the gimbal pod, and through the gyrostabilized mount, for processing by the control station computers, and storage of data or downlink mechanisms. 8. A system as defined in claim 7, wherein said processing means includes means for using data channel reduction processes for compressing spectral data for purposes of traveling across conventional bandwidth limited direct contact sliprings within the steerable pod for processing of data by the external control station computers. 9. A system as defined in claim 7, wherein said processing means includes means for assisted, facilitated, or automated identification of targets using spectral algorithms to identify anomalous target conditions or specifically programmed spectral signatures and then automatically controlling the pod based upon this information to point and track at such targets on a non-manual basis as a robotic mechanism, to include commanded activation of target exploitation sequencing processes activating other onboard sensors, video cameras, LASERS and weapons systems. 10. A system as defined in claim 9, wherein the LASERS include tunable and fixed frequency LASERS to fluoresce gas, vapor and aerosol targets, and LASER illumination of solid targets, in order to measure changes in unique spectral absorption or emission return signature data for precision information extraction as a value added processing mechanism for evaluating the changes to the return spectral signatures of targets as measured by the instrument. 11. A system as defined in claim 10, wherein the tunable and fixed frequency LASERS are co-boresighted LASERS to calibrate spectral atmospheric and solar conditions at the time of collection by using a known series of fixed and tuneable LASER wavelengths to measure changes in the measurement transmission medium in order to convert the spectral data to absolute standards of percentage reflectance which enables universal standard of calibrated spectral data. 12. A system as defined in claim 11, further comprising a co-boresighted LASER range finder to measure exact distance from sensor to target in order to provide enhanced ground spatial distance and detailed sizing information to assist in computing the exact size of targets in spectral image scenes. 13. A system as defined in claim 1, wherein at least portion of the steerable gimbal are positioned within the compact pod housing, and wherein the pod housing has a plurality of spectrally transmissive glass windows to permit efficient passage of electro-magnetic radiation directly to a corresponding plurality of spectral sensors positioned to sense imaging data through the plurality of windows in desired wavelength regions when positioned within the housing. 14. A system as defined in claim 13, wherein the pod housing is environmentally sealed and has vibrationally protected medium in order to transition spectral test sensors an other systems to air and field operations without the need to individually ruggedize the sensors. 15. A system as defined in claim 13, wherein the pod housing includes an external shroud, and wherein each of the plurality of windows are modular and inter-changeably mounted high efficiency spectrally transmissive windows associated with the external shroud of the pod housing to permit a mission specific and quick turnaround changeover of a sensor configuration and associated window assemblies. 16. A system as defined in claim 1, wherein the steerable gimbal is mounted to a gyrostabilized platform to reduce motions induced by turbulence and jitter and vibration resulting from movement of a vehicle to which it is mounted. 17. A system as defined in claim 1, wherein the vehicle includes at least one of the following: a fixed wing aircraft, a rotary wing aircraft, an unmanned aerial vehicle, an unmanned ground vehicles, an underwater and surface water remotely operated vehicles, a balloon, an airship platform, a conventional surface mobile vehicle, and a spacecraft. 18. A system as defined in claim 1, further comprising robotic controlling means connected to the steerable gimbal for controlling the seeking and tracking of targets in real-time without the need to process data from the sensor to identify the original targets. 19. A system as defined in claim 1, wherein the pod housing includes at least two windows, and wherein a video camera is co-boresighted with the pod housing to maintain real-time littoral and human intuitive perspective of the spectral data as it is being collected in familiar and unfamiliar operational environments. 20. A system as defined in claim 1, further comprising processing means responsive to said spectral sensor for processing global positioning system and differential global positioning system data to compute spectral sensor location in concert with onboard spectral gimbal geometry for determining and accomplishing automatic tracking against ground targets or via programmed inputs so that the spectral pod steers itself. 21. A system as defined in claim 20, wherein said processing means includes means for using a multi-dimensional moving map display of a physical area to graphically display the location of the spectral sensor pod, orientation of the sensor array and relative target location by tying in known position inputs, to display a multi-dimensional target model of past, ongoing and future instrument mission operations highlighting display overlay of the collected an exploited spectral data over the simulated terrain, thereby providing a more intuitive and littoral interpretation of the context of the spectral data. 22. A system as defined in claim 21, wherein said processing means comprises a computer having a display connected thereto, and said processing means further includes compute graphic user interface display windows associated with said computer and said display to simultaneously display and control multiple spectral sensor data sets as the sets are acquired from various spectral band regions of interest to thereby include GUI display of the live or recorded video camera images. 23. A system as defined in claim 20, wherein said processing means includes imbedding global positioning system data information within an imaging data stream as the data stream originates and travels from the spectral sensor so that each spectral scene captured by the instrument contains global positioning system data augmenting spectral data. 24. A system as defined in claim 1, wherein the steerable gimbal includes means for Controlling point line scanner, whiskbroom and pushbroom type spectral sensors for off-nadir fixed wide area survey and imaging type missions. 25. A system as defined in claim 1, wherein the at least one window is high efficiency spectral frequency matched with the sensor port to permit optimal passage of frequency selected electromagnetic radiation to a detector of the selected spectral sensor within a pod bay of the housing. 26. A system as defined in claim 1, wherein the system defines a consolidated portable mobile spectral processing station which contains all necessary sensor control elements, mobile computing elements, spectral data inputs, calibration inputs, spectral processing software, data recording and storage of collected spectral field information acquired by the spectral sensor in air and ground environments for real-time or near-real time output of processed data to other users, platforms, systems and locations. 27. A method of sensing imaging data, the method including the steps of: detecting imaging data via use of a spectral sensor mounted to a steerable gimbal to conduct wide area spatial and spectral searches; and using the resulting feedback information to dynamically tune down to ever more increasing levels of spectral and spatial detail to locate and analyze objects of interest. 28. A method for sensing imaging data as defined in claim 27, wherein the method is used to detect or discriminate at least one of the following: buried land mines, surface land mines, or waterborne mines; genetic crop verification; weapons of mass destruction facilities; terrorist planning activities, support infrastructure, or storage staging sites; terrorist post event release of gases, aerosols, or vapors; fugitive gas leaks from damaged structures; agricultural and vegetative health assessment; tactical activities or detecting camouflage covered items; fugitive gases, effluents, or hazardous materials; surface or sub-surface leakage of buried materials relating to industrial, chemical, biological or nuclear materials; minerals or soils; and ground maritime and air environmental conditions. 29. A method of increasing available flight time per ay for aerial imaging of data, the method including the steps of: using off-nadir spectral imaging by undertaking flight operations y steering new slant look angles which enable maximum pointing of a spectral sensor away from the sun to effectively acquire a steady and consistently illuminated spectral scene to thereby enabling earlier missions and later missions. 30. A method of sensing imaging data, the method comprising the steps of: using ground self illuminating objects to serve as terrestrial and solar spectrum reference points for calibrating spectral data for a spectral sensor. 31. A method of sensing imaging data, the method comprising the steps of: using neural net, heuristic processing, or artificial intelligence techniques to analyze large scale data trends; and extracting information from a gimbal mounted spectral sensor across the resulting broadband spectral range available from the extended combination of spectral data acquired by the spectral sensor. 32. A method of sensing imaging data, the method comprising the steps of: auto-tracking plurality of spectral sensors through use of video or thermal-object-based shape algorithms to lock on higher contrast targets to thereby enable the spectral sensors to piggyback from the tracking advantage of the locked sensors to maintain higher spectral dwell time via a parallel co-boresight arrangement and thereby increase sampling capability, reducing errors, and permitting more efficient tracking. 33. A method of sensing data, the method comprising the steps of; installing a spectral sensor within a conventional television or thermal style pod housing for purposes of concealing the true mission capabilities and nature of the instrument as a spectral collection mechanism. 34. A method of sensing imaging data, the method comprising the steps of: digitally transmitting raw and processed spectral data as acquired by a spectral sensor mounted to a steerable gimbal while at the target or forward operating site; and processing the data at the site or on a post mission basis for output back to an aircraft, satellite, ground vehicle, maritime vehicle or ground station for additional analysis, processing review, or action based upon information contained within the spectral data stream. 