An intelligent video monitor system includes a video monitoring unit having a plurality of detectors arranged in an array for monitoring for an intrusion within a defined area. A plurality of video receiver units are dispersed with and arranged in an array along with the plurality of detectors for monitoring video within the defined area, each of the plurality of video receiver units arranged for monitoring a portion of the defined area. Processing and control circuitry processes outputs from the plurality of detectors and video receiver units and automatically selects at least one of the video receiver units based on the processed outputs and a wireless transmitter transmits the output from the automatically selected at least one video receiver unit. A wireless receiver unit receives the output signal transmitted by the transmitter. The receiver unit includes an antenna for receiving the signal output from the transmitter. A receiver demodulates the output signal received by the antenna to provide a demodulated received signal. A decoder decodes the demodulated received signal to provide at least one decoded signal and a display displays the at least one decoded signal.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An intelligent video monitor system comprising: a video monitoring unit for providing surveillance of a defined area and detecting an intruder in a region within said defined area, comprising: a plurality of detectors arranged in an array to monitor said defined area and detect movement by said intruder into said region, a plurality of video receiver units dispersed with and arranged in an array along with the plurality of detectors to monitor the defined area, each of the plurality of video receiver units being arranged to monitor a portion of the defined area, processing and control circuitry adapted to centrally process outputs from the plurality of detectors and outputs from the video receiver units, and automatically determine based on the processed outputs a direction of said movement by said intruder within said region, track said movement and select at least one of the video receiver units based on the tracked movement, and a wireless transmitter adapted to transmit the output from the automatically selected at least one video receiver unit, wherein the video monitoring unit is arranged in a shape of one of a sphere and hemisphere, with the plurality of detectors and plurality of video receiver units being provided around the outer circumference to provide a field of view of 360 degrees in at least one direction around the video monitoring unit, and the video monitoring unit being a compact self sufficient portable unit; and a wireless receiver unit adapted to receive the output signal transmitted by the transmitter, said receiver unit comprising: an antenna adapted to receive the signal output from the transmitter, a receiver adapted to demodulate the output signal received by the antenna to provide a demodulated received signal, a decoder adapted to decode the demodulated received signal to provide at least one decoded signal, and a display adapted to display the at least one decoded signal. 2. An intelligent video monitor system as recited in claim 1, wherein said plurality of detectors comprise audio sensor units. 3. An intelligent video monitor system as recited in claim 2, wherein said processing and control circuitry receives as inputs, output signals from the detectors and video receiver units, and wherein said processing and control circuitry processes the output signals and outputs at least one of an average audio signal, a total audio signal and a differential audio signal and at least one of an average video signal, a total video signal and a differential video signal. 4. An intelligent video monitor system as recited in claim 3, wherein the differential video signal is derived by performing a comparison of time sequential images from the plurality of video receiver units. 5. An intelligent video monitor system as recited in claim 3, wherein a sudden rise or lowering of the differential video signal is used as a trigger for controlling at least one of the focus, the tracking and the sensitivity of the video receiver units to light. 6. An intelligent video monitor system as recited in claim 1, wherein the plurality of video receiver units are arranged such that the video monitoring unit can monitor 360 degrees in all directions. 7. An intelligent video monitor system as recited in claim 1, wherein said video receiver units are selected to automatically adjust to varying light conditions. 8. An intelligent video monitor system as recited in claim 1, wherein said processing and control circuitry operates in real time and automatically selects the video receiver units to automatically track an object moving within the defined area. 9. An intelligent video monitor system as recited in claim 1, wherein said video monitoring unit is controlled to automatically control focusing and tracking of each video receiver unit in parallel or in a time sequenced manner. 10. An intelligent video monitor system as recited in claim 1, wherein outputs from a pair of video receiver units which are arranged in the array 30 degrees apart from each other are simultaneously selected to be transmitted, to provide a three dimensional video output. 11. An intelligent video monitor system as recited in claim 10, wherein the pair of video receiver unit outputs are each transmitted at a different time using a time-division multiplexing method. 12. An intelligent video monitor system as recited in claim 10, wherein the pair of video receiver unit outputs are transmitted at different carrier frequencies within a specified frequency band. 13. An intelligent video monitor system as recited in claim 1, wherein the plurality of video receiver units comprise an array of micro elements sensitive to different wavelengths of light in the visible and infrared spectrums. 14. An intelligent video monitor system as recited in claim 13, wherein when ambient light diminishes, a sensitivity of the array of micro elements is controlled accordingly. 15. An intelligent video monitor system as recited in claim 1, wherein the transmitter and receiver unit comprise a wireless communication system. 16. An intelligent video monitor system as recited in claim 12, wherein the wireless communication system operates in one of the 900 Mhz and 1.4 Ghz frequency ranges. 17. An intelligent video monitor system as recited in claim 1, wherein the transmitter transmits directly to one or more of a television, a VCR and a PC video phone. 18. An intelligent video monitor system as recited in claim 1, wherein the video monitoring unit is battery powered. 19. An intelligent video monitor system as recited in claim 1, wherein the video monitoring unit is powered by solar power with battery backup. 20. An intelligent video monitor system as recited in claim 1, wherein the transmitter encodes outputted data with at least one of date, time, messages, error correction codes, image type enhancements and encryption. 21. An intelligent video monitor system, as recited in claim 1, wherein said video monitoring unit is in a shape of one of a hemisphere and a sphere. 22. An intelligent video monitoring unit for providing surveillance of a defined area and detecting an intruder in a region within said defined area, comprising: a plurality of detectors arranged in an array to monitor said defined area and detect movement by said intruder into said region; a plurality of video receiver units dispersed with and arranged in an array along with the plurality of detectors to monitor the defined area, each of the plurality of video receiver units being arranged to monitor a portion of the defined area; processing and control circuitry adapted to centrally process outputs from the plurality of detectors and outputs from the video receiver units, and automatically determine based on the processed outputs a direction of said movement by said intruder within said region, track said movement and select at least one of the video receiver units based on the tracked movement; and a wireless transmitter adapted to transmit the output from the automatically selected at least one video receiver unit, wherein the video monitoring unit is arranged in a shape of one of a sphere and hemisphere, with the plurality of detectors and plurality of video receiver units being provided around the outer circumference to provide a field of view of 360 degrees in at least one direction around the video monitoring unit, and the video monitoring unit being a compact self sufficient portable unit. 