A method for retrofitting a window by combining the window with a switchable or non-switchable window enhancement. The method includes providing a window comprising at least one relatively transparent viewing pane with first and second opposed viewing surfaces, and optionally a frame portion adapted to support and position the viewing pane(s); providing at least one mounting means adapted for securing the enhancement to the window; and securing a window enhancement to the window with at least one mounting means so that the enhancement overlies at least a portion of the viewing pane, and wherein a gap is produced between the window and the enhancement equal in width to the thickness of the mounting means. The enhancement may be mounted on either the viewing pane itself, or alternately upon the frame portion of the window. If desired, the enhancement may be laminated to a relatively rigid substrate prior to application to the window. The invention is further directed to improved, retrofitted windows produced by the method of the invention.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for retrofitting a window by combining the window with a window enhancement, the method comprising: providing a window comprising a relatively transparent viewing pane, said viewing pane having first and second opposed viewing surfaces; providing at least one mounting means adapted for securing a window enhancement to said window; and securing a window enhancement to said window with said at least one mounting means such that the enhancement overlies at least a portion of said viewing pane, and wherein a gap is produced between the pane and the enhancement in areas where the enhancement is not in contact with the at least one mounting means. 2. The method according to claim 1, wherein said at least one mounting means is installed on the viewing pane of the window. 3. The method according to claim 2, wherein at least two said mounting means are positioned along two opposed edge portions, respectively, on one said viewing surface of the pane. 4. The method according to claim 2, wherein at least four said mounting means are positioned, respectively, at a top and a bottom, and on first and second longitudinal edge portions on one said opposed surface of the viewing pane. 5. The method according to claim 1, wherein said mounting means is selected from the group consisting of securing strips, screws, nails, bolts, snaps, rivets, staples and magnetic metal bars. 6. The method according to claim 1, which further comprises initially laminating said window enhancement to a relatively rigid glass or plastic substrate, and thereafter securing a resultant laminate to said window with said mounting means. 7. The method according to claim 1, wherein said window enhancement is a switchable glazing. 8. The method according to claim 7, wherein said switchable glazing is selected from the group consisting of SPD films, SPD light valves, electrochromic films or windows, and liquid crystal films or windows. 9. The method according to claim 1, wherein said window enhancement is a non-switchable light modulating device. 10. The method according to claim 9, wherein said non-switchable light modulating device is selected from the group consisting of tinted windows, screens, solar control films, impact resistant films and flexible or rigid panels. 11. The method according to claim 1, wherein said at least one mounting means is initially attached to the window enhancement, whereupon the enhancement with said mounting means is thereafter secured to said window by said mounting means. 12. The method according to claim 1, wherein said window further comprises a frame portion configured and adapted to support the viewing pane, said frame portion comprising a top member, a bottom member and first and second longitudinal side members, said first and said second side members being connected to the top and bottom members, respectively, to form said frame portion. 13. The method according to claim 12, wherein said at least one mounting means is installed upon said window frame portion. 14. The method according to claim 13, wherein two said mounting means for securing said window enhancement to said window are installed upon the top and bottom members, respectively, of the frame portion, co-planar with the viewing pane of said window. 15. The method according to claim 13, wherein at least two said mounting means for securing said window enhancement to said window are installed upon said first and said second longitudinal side members, respectively, of said frame portion, co-planar with the viewing pane of said window. 16. The method according to claim 13, wherein at least four said mounting means for securing said window enhancement to said window are installed on the top, the bottom and the first and second longitudinal side members of said frame portion, co-planar with the viewing pane of said window. 17. The method according to claim 13, wherein said mounting means are selected from the group consisting of securing strips, screws, nails, bolts, snaps, rivets, staples and magnetic metal bars. 18. The method according to claim 1, which further comprises providing said window with at least one projecting spacer member positioned and adapted to maintain the gap between the window enhancement and the window at a predetermined width. 19. The method according to claim 1, which further comprises providing said window enhancement with at least one projecting spacer member positioned and adapted to maintain the gap between the window enhancement and the window at a predetermined width. 20. The method according to claim 1, wherein said mounting means is located at corresponding positions upon both the window and the window enhancement. 21. The method according to claim 1, wherein said mounting means is at least one substantially transparent securing strip. 22. The method according to claim 1, which further comprises substantially removing dust and dirt from said window prior to securing the window enhancement thereto. 23. The method according to claim 1, wherein said at least one mounting means is provided, on at least one surface thereof, with an adhesive material to facilitate bonding between said window enhancement and said window. 24. The method according to claim 23, wherein said adhesive material is selected from the group consisting of pressure sensitive adhesives, heat curable adhesives and radiation curable adhesives. 25. The method according to claim 23, which further comprises protecting an adhesive surface of said at least one mounting means, prior to its use for securing a window enhancement to a window, with a release paper, said release paper being removed prior to securing said window enhancement to the window. 26. The method according to claim 1, wherein each said mounting means comprises a magnetic material and wherein said means is located on corresponding surfaces of both the window and the window enhancement such that the window enhancement is at least partially secured to said window by a magnetic attraction between corresponding mounting means. 27. The method according to claim 26, wherein said window further comprises a frame portion configured and adapted to support said viewing pane and wherein mounting means applied to said window are positioned upon said frame portion. 28. The method according to claim 1, wherein each said mounting means comprises a hook and loop structure and wherein said mounting means is located upon corresponding surfaces of both the window and the window enhancement such that the window enhancement is at least partially secured to said window due to engagement between said hooks and said loops located on corresponding mounting means. 29. The method according to claim 28, wherein said window further comprises a frame portion configured and adapted to support said viewing pane and wherein mounting means applied to said window are positioned upon said frame portion. 30. The method according to claim 1, which further comprises applying an anti-reflective coating applied upon said window enhancement. 31. The method according to claim 1, wherein said window comprises a plurality of said viewing panes positioned in series, wherein each said pane is spaced apart from at least one adjacent pane by a window frame and wherein at least one said window enhancement is secured by said mounting means on an interior portion of at least one said pane adjacent said space. 32. The method according to claim 31, wherein said window is a double glazing window comprising two viewing panes positioned in series and spaced apart by said frame, and wherein said window enhancement is positioned upon an inner surface of at least one said viewing pane and has a surface exposed to said space. 33. A method for retrofitting a multi-pane window by combining at least one said pane with a window enhancement, said method comprising: providing a window comprising a frame portion and a plurality of relatively transparent viewing panes positioned in series within said frame, said frame configured and adapted to support said viewing panes in said series, wherein each said pane is separated from at least one adjacent pane by a space between said separated panes; providing at least one window enhancement selected from the group of switchable and non-switchable window enhancements for combining with said window; and securing a window enhancement, by use of mounting means, upon at least a portion of at least one of said viewing panes, on an inner surface thereof separated from an adjacent one of said panes by said space. 34. The method according to claim 33, wherein said window enhancement is a switchable glazing. 35. The method according to claim 34, wherein said switchable glazing is selected from the group consisting of SPD films, SPD light valves, electrochromic films or windows, and liquid crystal films or windows. 36. The method according to claim 33, wherein said window enhancement is a non-switchable light modulating device. 37. The method according to claim 36, wherein said non-switchable light modulating device is selected from the group consisting of tinted windows, screens, solar control films, impact resistant films and flexible or rigid panels. 38. A method for retrofitting a window by combining the window with a window enhancement, said method comprising: providing a window comprising a frame portion and at least one relatively transparent viewing pane, each said pane viewing having first and second opposed viewing surfaces and said frame portion adapted to secure and support said at least one pane; laminating a switchable window enhancement to a glass or plastic substrate to increase rigidity of said enhancement; providing a plurality of mounting means adapted for securing the laminate upon said window; and securing said laminate to the window with said mounting means such that a gap is produced between the laminate and at least one said viewing pane, said gap having a substantially constant width in an area between the laminate and the viewing pane. 39. The method according to claim 38, wherein the mounting means on said window are applied to said frame portion. 40. A method for retrofitting a window by combining the window with a window enhancement, the method comprising: providing a window comprising a relatively transparent viewing pane, said viewing pane having first and second opposed viewing surfaces; providing at least one mounting means adapted for securing a window enhancement to said window; and securing a window enhancement to said window with at least one mounting means such that the enhancement overlies at least a portion of said viewing pane, said window enhancement adapted to selectively control passage therethrough of electromagnetic radiation selected from the group consisting of visible radiation and infra-red radiation, and wherein a gap is produced between the pane and the enhancement in areas where the enhancement is not in contact with the at least one mounting means. 41. The method according to claim 40, wherein said at least one mounting means is installed on the viewing pane of the window. 42. The method according to claim 40, wherein said mounting means is selected from the group consisting of securing strips, magnetic bars, hook and loop fasteners, screws, nails, bolts, snaps, rivets and staples. 43. The method according to claim 40, which further comprises initially laminating said window enhancement to a relatively rigid glass or plastic substrate, and thereafter securing a resultant laminate to said window with said mounting means. 44. The method according to claim 40, wherein said window enhancement is a switchable glazing or a non-switchable light modulating device. 45. The method according to claim 40, wherein said window further comprises a frame portion and wherein said at least one mounting means is installed upon said window frame portion. 46. The method according to claim 40, which further comprises providing said window or said window enhancement with at least one projecting spacer member positioned and adapted to facilitate maintenance of the gap between the window enhancement and the window at a predetermined width. 47. The method according to claim 40, which further comprises locating mounting means at corresponding positions upon both the window and the window enhancement. 48. The method according to claim 40, which further comprises applying an anti-reflective coating upon said window enhancement. 49. The method according to claim 40, wherein said window comprises a plurality of said viewing panes positioned in series, wherein each said pane is spaced apart from at least one adjacent pane by a window frame, and wherein at least one said window enhancement is secured by said mounting means on an interior portion of at least one said pane adjacent said space. 50. The method according to claim 40, wherein said window comprises a plurality of said viewing panes positioned in series, wherein each said pane is spaced apart from at least one adjacent pane by a window frame, and wherein at least one said window enhancement is secured by said mounting means on an interior portion of at least one said pane adjacent said space. 51. A method for retrofitting a window by combining the window with a window enhancement, the method comprising: providing a window comprising a relatively transparent viewing pane, said viewing pane having first and second opposed viewing surfaces; providing at least one mounting means adapted for securing a window enhancement to said window; and securing a window enhancement to said window with at least one said mounting means such that the enhancement overlies at least a portion of said viewing pane, wherein a gap is produced between the pane and the enhancement in areas where the enhancement is not in contact with the at least one mounting means, wherein each said mounting means comprises a magnetic material, and wherein said means is located on corresponding surfaces of both the window and the window enhancement such that the window enhancement is at least partially secured to said window by a magnetic attraction between corresponding mounting means. 52. The method according to claim 51, which further comprises initially laminating said window enhancement to a relatively rigid glass or plastic substrate, and thereafter securing a resultant laminate to said window with said mounting means. 53. The method according to claim 51, wherein said window enhancement is a switchable glazing or a non-switchable light modulating device. 54. The method according to claim 51, wherein said window further comprises a frame portion and wherein said at least one mounting means is installed upon said window frame portion. 55. The method according to claim 51, which further comprises providing said window or said window enhancement with at least one projecting spacer member positioned and adapted to facilitate maintenance of the gap between the window enhancement and the window at a predetermined width. 56. The method according to claim 51, wherein said window comprises a plurality of said viewing panes positioned in series, wherein each said pane is spaced apart from at least one adjacent pane by a window frame, and wherein at least one said window enhancement is secured by said mounting means on an interior portion of at least one said pane adjacent said space. 57. A method for retrofitting a window by combining the window with a window enhancement, the method comprising: providing a window comprising a relatively transparent viewing pane, said viewing pane having first and second opposed viewing surfaces; providing at least one mounting means adapted for securing a window enhancement to said window; and securing a window enhancement to said window with at least one said mounting means such that the enhancement overlies at least a portion of said viewing pane, wherein a gap is produced between the pane and the enhancement in areas where the enhancement is not in contact with the at least one mounting means, wherein each said mounting means comprises a hook and loop structure and wherein said mounting means is located on corresponding surfaces of both the window and the window enhancement such that the window enhancement is at least partially secured to said window due to engagement between said hooks and said loops located on corresponding mounting means. 58. The method according to claim 57, which further comprises initially laminating said window enhancement to a relatively rigid glass or plastic substrate, and thereafter securing a resultant laminate to said window with said mounting means. 59. The method according to claim 57, wherein said window enhancement is a switchable glazing or a non-switchable light modulating device. 60. The method according to claim 57, wherein said window further comprises a frame portion and wherein said at least one mounting means is installed upon said window frame portion. 61. The method according to claim 57, which further comprises providing said window or said window enhancement with at least one projecting spacer member positioned and adapted to facilitate maintenance of the gap between the window enhancement and the window at a predetermined width. 