A piezoelectric power generating arrangement activated by elements caused to rotate by a natural energy source, includes a plurality of bristles; a plurality of piezoelectric elements in surrounding relation to and in contact with the bristles; a rotating device for providing rotation of the bristles relative to the piezoelectric elements such that the piezoelectric elements are activated to produce an output in response to engagement of the piezoelectric elements by the bristles during the rotation; and a solar activated bimetallic strip in a tube surrounded by vehicle tires, the bi-metallic strip expanding and contracting in response to solar radiation absorbed by the tires and tube and connected with a rack that meshes with a gear system that rotates the bristles.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A piezoelectric power generating arrangement activated by elements caused to rotate by a natural energy source, comprising: a plurality of piezoelectric elements; a plurality of contact elements arranged adjacent said piezoelectric elements; a rotating device for providing relative rotation between said piezoelectric elements and said contact elements such that said contact elements periodically apply and release pressure on said piezoelectric elements and said piezoelectric elements are activated to produce an output in response to said periodic engagement of said piezoelectric elements by said contact elements during said. relative rotation; and an activated device for controlling said rotating device to provide said relative rotation, in response to a natural energy source. 2. A piezoelectric power generating arrangement activated by elements caused to rotate by a natural energy source, comprising: a plurality of piezoelectric elements; a plurality of contact elements arranged adjacent said piezoelectric elements; a rotating device for providing relative rotation between said piezoelectric elements and said contact elements such that said piezoelectric elements are activated to produce an output in response to engagement of said piezoelectric elements by said contact elements during said relative rotation, said rotating device including: a shaft for mounting one of: said contact elements, and said piezoelectric elements; at least one gear for rotating said shaft; and a rack controlled by said activated device for movement relative to said at least one gear and in meshing engagement with said at least one gear; and an activated device for controlling said rotating device to provide said relative rotation, in response to a natural energy source. 3. A piezoelectric power generating arrangement according to claim 2, wherein said at least one gear includes: a first gear driven by said rack; and a second smaller gear in meshing engagement with said first gear so as transfer slow moving, high torque of the first gear to a high rotational speed of the second gear. 4. A piezoelectric power generating arrangement according to claim 3, wherein said first gear is directly driven by said rack. 5. A piezoelectric power generating arrangement according to claim 3, further comprising a third gear in meshing engagement with said rack, said third gear mounted on a shaft and said first gear is driven on the same shaft as said third gear. 6. A piezoelectric power generating arrangement activated by elements caused to rotate by a natural energy source, comprising: a plurality of piezoelectric elements; a plurality of contact elements arranged adjacent said piezoelectric elements; a rotating device for providing relative rotation between said piezoelectric elements and said contact elements such that said piezoelectric elements are activated to produce an output in response to engagement of said piezoelectric elements by said contact elements during said relative rotation; and an activated device for controlling said rotating device to provide said relative rotation, in response to a natural energy source, said activated device including a bi-metallic element connected with said rotating device and which expands and contracts in response to solar radiation energy. 7. A piezoelectric power generating arrangement according to claim 6, wherein said activated device further includes: a tube; a plurality of solar energy collecting elements in surrounding relation to said tube; and said bi-metallic element is positioned in said tube. 8. A piezoelectric power generating arrangement according to claim 7, wherein said rotating device includes: a shaft for mounting one of: said contact elements, and said piezoelectric elements; at least one gear for rotating said shaft; and a rack connected with said bi-metallic element for movement relative to said at least one gear and in meshing engagement with said at least one gear. 9. A piezoelectric power generating arrangement according to claim 7, wherein said solar energy collecting device includes a plurality of rubber vehicle tires in surrounding relation to said tube. 10. A piezoelectric power generating arrangement according to claim 9, wherein said rubber vehicle tires are filled with a dark heat absorbing rock. 11. A piezoelectric power generating arrangement according to claim 9, wherein said solar energy collecting device further includes additional heat absorbing spacer members between adjacent tires. 12. A piezoelectric power generating arrangement according to claim 11, wherein said spacer members include radially directed fins in contact with said pipe, and said spacer members are filled with a heatable liquid. 13. A piezoelectric power generating arrangement according to claim 11, further including a drainage arrangement for draining said liquid from said spacer members. 14. A piezoelectric power generating arrangement activated by elements caused to rotate by a natural energy source, comprising: a plurality of piezoelectric elements; a plurality of contact elements arranged adjacent said piezoelectric elements; a rotating device for providing relative rotation between said piezoelectric elements and said contact elements such that said piezoelectric elements are activated to produce an output in response to engagement of said piezoelectric elements by said contact elements during said relative rotation; and an activated device for controlling said rotating device to provide said relative rotation, in response to a natural energy source, said activated device including a ballonet in a dirigible, said ballonet being expandable and contractible in response to solar radiation energy. 15. A piezoelectric power generating arrangement according to claim 14, wherein said rotating device includes: a shaft for mounting one of: said contact elements, and said piezoelectric elements; at least one gear for rotating said shaft; and a rack connected with said ballonet for movement relative to said at least one gear and in meshing engagement with said at least one gear. 16. A piezoelectric power generating arrangement activated by elements caused to rotate by a natural energy source, comprising: a plurality of piezoelectric elements; a plurality of contact elements arranged adjacent said piezoelectric elements; a rotating device for providing relative rotation between said piezoelectric elements and said contact elements such that said piezoelectric elements are activated to produce an output in response to engagement of said piezoelectric elements by said contact elements during said relative rotation; and an activated device for controlling said rotating device to provide said relative rotation, in response to a natural energy source, said activated device including a submergible bathysphere having an end wall that is movable inwardly and outwardly of said bathysphere in response to external water pressure. 17. A piezoelectric power generating arrangement according to claim 16, wherein said rotating device includes: a shaft for mounting one of: said contact elements, and said piezoelectric elements; at least one gear for rotating said shaft; and a rack connected with said end wall of said bathysphere for movement relative to said at least one gear and in meshing engagement with said at least one gear. 18. A piezoelectric power generating arrangement according to claim 1, wherein said contact elements periodically impact against said piezoelectric elements to apply and release said pressure on said piezoelectric elements. 