A solar power system having a solar concentrator for concentrating solar energy, a receiver for converting the solar energy into another form of energy, and a control system for controlling the flux input to the solar receiver. The control system includes a plurality of sensors and a controller. The solar receiver is divided into a plurality of discrete sectors, with at least one of the sensors being coupled to each sector and producing a sensor signal that is related to the magnitude of the flux input to that sector. The controller is coupled to the sensor monitors each of the sensor signals, calculates a differential.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar power system comprising: a mirror configured to receive and concentrate solar energy; a mirror positioning mechanism coupled to the mirror and configured to adjust a position of the mirror; a receiver coupled to the mirror and configured to receive the concentrated solar energy from the mirror, the receiver being divided into a plurality of sectors, each of the sectors receiving a portion of the concentrated solar energy; a plurality of sensors, each of the sensors being individually coupled to an associated one of the sectors and operable for generating a sensor signal indicative of an amount of energy transmitted into the associated one of the sectors; and a controller coupled to the mirror positioning mechanism and the sensors, the controller receiving the sensor signals and determining a differential indicative of a difference in a flow of energy into the sectors, the controller controlling the mirror positioning mechanism in response to the differential to affect the concentrated solar energy that is transmitted into the receiver and maintain the differential below a predetermined differential limit. 2. The solar power system of claim 1, wherein each of the sectors includes at least one tube that is filled with a fluid. 3. The solar power system of claim 2, wherein the fluid is a gas. 4. The solar power system of claim 2, wherein the sensors are temperature sensors for monitoring a temperature of the fluid. 5. The solar power system of claim 4, wherein a plurality of temperature sensors are spaced apart along a length of the tube, the controller receiving the sensor signals generated by the temperature sensors and employing a predetermined algorithm to calculate a temperature of the fluid in the tube. 6. The solar power system of claim 4, wherein the temperature is an average temperature of the fluid in the tube. 7. The solar power system of claim 1, further comprising a power conversion unit coupled to the receiver and receiving heat energy from each of the sectors. 8. The solar power system of claim 7, wherein the power conversion unit is a Stirling-cycle engine having a plurality of engine cylinders. 9. The solar power system of claim 8, wherein the quantity of sectors in the receiver is equal to the quantity of engine cylinders in the Stirling-cycle engine. 10. The solar power system of claim 1, wherein the controller determines a nominal mirror targeting point that maximizes a flux output of the mirror, a first tracking offset and a second tracking offset, the first and second tracking offsets being employed to offset the position of the mirror from the nominal mirror targeting point to affect the flow of energy into the sectors. 11. A method for positioning a solar concentrator, the method comprising the steps of: providing a receiver having a plurality, of sectors, each of the sectors being operable for converting concentrated light energy into a second form of energy; positioning the solar concentrator to reflect concentrated light energy onto the sectors; monitoring a flow of energy transmitted into each of the sectors; calculating a differential indicative of a difference in the energy flows into the sectors; and repositioning the solar concentrator to maintain the differential below a predetermined differential limit. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the second form of energy is heat. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the step of monitoring the flow of energy transmitted into each of the sectors includes the steps of: mounting at least one temperature sensor to each of the sectors, each temperature sensor operable for generating a sensor signal indicative of a temperature of a working fluid in an associated one of the sectors; and monitoring the temperature of the working fluid in each of the sectors. 14. The method of claim 11, wherein the step of positioning the solar concentrator to reflect concentrated light energy onto the sectors includes the steps of: determining a nominal targeting point; and positioning the solar concentrator at the nominal targeting point to maximize a flux output by the solar concentrator. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the step of repositioning the solar concentrator includes the steps of: calculating a first tracking offset indicative of a distance along a first axis by which the solar concentrator is to be offset from the nominal targeting point; and calculating a second tracking offset indicative of a distance along a second axis by which the solar concentrator is to be offset from the nominal targeting point, the second axis being normal to the first axis. 16. A method for directing energy input to a solar receiver, the solar receiver having a plurality of sectors, each of the sectors being operable for converting concentrated light energy into a second form of energy, the method comprising the steps of: monitoring a flow of energy transmitted into each of the sectors; calculating a differential indicative of a difference in the energy flows into the sectors; and repositioning the solar receiver to maintain the differential below a predetermined differential limit. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the solar receiver is fixedly coupled to a solar concentrator and the step of repositioning the solar receiver is accomplished by repositioning the solar receiver. 18. The method of claim 16, wherein the second form of energy is heat. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the step of monitoring the flow of energy transmitted into each of the sectors includes the steps of: mounting at least one temperature sensor to each of the sectors, each temperature sensor operable for generating a sensor signal indicative of a temperature of a working fluid in an associated one of the sectors; and monitoring the temperature of the working fluid in each of the sectors. 