A low-cost satellite system and method for using it for continuously monitoring near space and providing real-time data, both astronomical and space-environmental, is described and claimed. Low cost is achieved by disposing outwardly facing active and passive detection means aboard telecommunications and other satellites, and providing data from such means to subscribers. The system and method enable practical means to monitor space for approaching foreign bodies, providing high quality information for e.g., underfunded educational institutions while making enhanced use of geostationary orbits, a scarce resource, among other benefits.
Claims I claim: 1. A method of utilizing a telecommunications satellite in orbit around a planet for monitoring and collecting astronomical and space-environmental information and transmitting said astronomical and space-environmental information to the planet which comprises: a. modifying the telecommunications satellite by providing: i. monitoring means including observation and detection means and collecting means, and disposing same on the outboard side of the satellite, and ii. communications, command, and control means for said monitoring and collecting means; b. launching said modified telecommunications satellite into an orbit around said planet; c. orienting said modified telecommunications satellite in such a manner that the communications means faces the orbited planet and the monitoring and collecting means are exposed to space and its environment; d. collecting astronomical and space-environmental information via collecting means and providing an electronic output containing said astronomical and space-environmental information; e. transmitting said astronomical and space-environmental information via electronic output and communications means to at least one planet-based station having means for receiving said astronomical and space-environmental information, said planet-based station comprising: i. display means, ii. retransmission means, iii. signal processing, and interpretation means, and iv. communications, command and control means. 2. The method defined in claim 1 wherein the detection means includes both active and passive detection means. 3. The method defined in claim 1 wherein the monitoring means provided is such that it essentially avoids atmospheric disturbance(s) and limitation(s) and distorted views of space. 4. The method defined in claim 3 wherein foreign bodies' position, size, color, and motion are monitored. 5. The method defined in claim 1 wherein said operating and orienting of said collection means is independent of said telecommunications satellite. 6. The method defined in claim 1 wherein the astronomical and space environmental information is provided to users including specialists, subscribers and the public. 7. The method defined in claim 2 wherein said active detection means includes visible, infra red, ultra violet, radio illumination and detection and physical sampling. 8. The method defined in claim 1 wherein the astronomical and space-environmental information includes at least one of the members selected from the group consisting of (a) measurements of solar wind; (b) particulates including micrometeorites, temperature, and magnetic field strength; (c) aggregated data; (d) non-aggregated data; (e) image data; and (f) non-image data. 