An air conditioning unit is provided for a parked truck/boat to cool the sleeping cabin. The cabin air conditioner having a cooling unit comprising a cooling chamber with at least one insulated wall having on opposite sides there of a heat sink and a cooling block having there between thermoelectric chip(s) or a high efficient D.C. compressor or cold storage phase change material. The air conditioning unit also comprises an air intake conduit, a cool air conduit, an exhaust conduit and means of supplying power to the cooling unit. A method for cooling the. sleeping cabin through the use of the air conditioning unit disclosed in the invention is also provided.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A direct current mini air-conditioning system for confined space in a parked transport vehicle comprising: a) a bifurcated hot and cold cabin housed in said transport vehicle and having a common ambient air inlet; b) an HQ coupled thermoelectric cooling unit mounted in a said bifurcated cabin of said motor vehicle; c) a deep cycle marine direct current source connected to said cooling unit; d) a battery charger; and e) a switch connected in series with said direct current source and said cooling unit. 2. The direct current mini air-conditioning system for confined space of claim 1 wherein said cooling unit comprises a thermoelectric module. 3. The direct current mini air-conditioning system for confined space of claim 2 wherein said thermoelectric module comprises a solid-state thermo electric integrated circuit chip. 4. The direct current mini air-conditioning system for confined space of claim 3 wherein a cold sink is connected to said solid state thermo-electric integrated circuit chip and a heat sink is connected to said thermo electric module. 5. The direct current mini air-conditioning system for confined space of claim 1 wherein said cabin is housed in a motor vehicle. 6. The direct current mini air-conditioning system for confined space of claim 5 wherein said motor vehicle is a truck. 7. The direct current mini air-conditioning system for confined space of claim 1 wherein said cabin is housed in a watercraft. 8. The direct current mini air-conditioning system for confined space of claim 1 wherein said cabin is housed in an aircraft. 9. The direct current mini air-conditioning system for confined space of claim 1 wherein said cooling unit comprises a high efficiency direct current compressor. 10. The direct current mini air-conditioning system for confined space of claim 9 wherein said cooling unit comprises HFC-134A as refrigerant. 11. The direct current mini air-conditioning system for confined space of claim 9 wherein said motor vehicle is a truck. 12. The direct current mini air-conditioning system for confined space of claim 9 wherein said cabin is housed in a watercraft. 13. The direct current mini air-conditioning system for confined space of claim 11 wherein said cooling unit comprises cold storage phase change material. 14. The direct current mini air-conditioning system for confined space of claim 13 wherein said motor vehicle is a truck. 15. The direct current mini air-conditioning system for confined space of claim 13 wherein said cabin is housed in a watercraft. 16. A process of controlling and monitoring the temperature and humidity of a confined space cabin comprising; a) insulating said confined space cabin; b) installing a plurality of solid state cooling Thermoelectric Chips of total capacity of over 2,400 BTU mounted on a heat sink; c) connecting a first blower which vents out the hot air from said heat sink out side said cabin; d) connecting a second blower to blow the cold air to the cabin; e) connecting a direct current marine deep cycle discharge battery of at least 240 AmpHr capacity battery; f) mounting at least one solar panel on the roof of said cabin as a means for generates sufficient electricity to at least trickle charge said marine battery when the cabin cooler is not in use. 17. The process of controlling and monitoring the temperature and humidity of a confined space cabin of claim 16 wherein an electrical conducting path is provided from the truck alternator to charge said marine battery when the engine is turned on. 18. A personal portable direct current mini air-conditioning system comprising: a) a bifurcated chamber comprising a hot chamber and a cold chamber and having a common ambient air inlet; b) a cooling module housed in said bifurcated chamber to provide cold air to said cold chamber and hot air to said hot chamber; c) a hot air fan housed in said hot chamber for venting out hot air from said hot chamber; d) a deep cycle marine direct current battery is connected to said cooling module; e) said direct current marine battery is interfaced to a charged by a panel of solar cells; and f) a cold air fan housed in said cold chamber for communicating cold air to a desired location. 19. A personal portable direct current mini air-conditioning system of claim 18 wherein said cooling module comprises a thermo electric module which in turn comprises a thermo electric integrated circuit mounted on a heat sink. 20. A personal portable direct current mini air-conditioning system of claim 19 wherein: a) an HQ circuit is connected to said thermo electric module; b) a digital display is interfaced to said thermoelectric module for monitoring temperature and humidity; c) a thermostat is housed outside said bifurcated chamber; and d) a switch connected in series with said direct current source. 