An indicating plate for a solar watch, comprising a color diffusion plate which, by virtue of the presence of a coloring agent, a coloring light diffusing agent, a colored translucent substrate, a pattern layer/colored thin film layer and a diffusion layer, is adapted to transmit a portion of light having a wavelength within a range capable of causing a solar cell housed under the indicating plate to generate power. The color diffusion plate is adapted to make it difficult to view the solar cell from the outside through the indicating plate and is also adapted to impart a color tone to the indicating plate.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An indicating plate for a solar watch included in an indicating plate structure for the solar watch comprising a solar cell housed in a watch and an indicating plate for the solar watch arranged on the front side of the solar cell, said indicating plate consisting of an indicating plate substrate comprising a transparent resin disposed on an upper surface of the solar cell and a light storing fluorescent layer, which includes a light diffusing agent and a light storing fluorescent material, which provides a diffusing function of one or both of color and light, formed on a light incident side of the indicating plate substrate; said indicating plate substrate being adapted to transmit a portion of light having a wavelength within a range capable of causing the solar cell housed under the indicating plate to generate power, out of light at least incident upon the indicating plate, through the indicating plate downward, said indicating plate and substrate adapted to render difficult viewing of the solar cell from outside through the indicating plate and adapted to impart color tone to the indicating plate. 2. The indicating plate for a solar watch as claimed in claim 1, said indicating plate comprising an indicating plate substrate composed of a transparent resin and a light storing fluorescent layer formed on a light-incident-side surface of the indicating plate substrate, said light storing fluorescent layer comprising a light diffusing agent and, as a coloring light diffusing agent, a light storing fluorescent material. 3. The indicating plate for a solar watch as claimed in claim 2, wherein the indicating plate substrate contains a light storing fluorescent material as a coloring light diffusing agent. 4. The indicating plate for a solar watch as claimed in claim 1, said indicating plate comprising an indicating plate substrate composed of a transparent resin containing a light storing fluorescent material as a coloring light diffusing agent and a light storing fluorescent layer formed on a light-incident-side surface of the indicating plate substrate, said light storing fluorescent layer comprising a light storing fluorescent material as a coloring light diffusing agent. 5. The indicating plate for a solar watch as claimed in claim 2, wherein a transparent or translucent surface protective coating layer is formed on an upper surface of the light storing fluorescent layer. 6. The indicating plate for a solar watch as claimed in claim 1, said indicating plate comprising an indicating plate substrate composed of a transparent resin and a colored layer formed on a light-incident-side surface of the indicating plate substrate, said colored layer comprising a coloring agent. 7. The indicating plate for a solar watch as claimed in claim 1, said indicating plate comprising an indicating plate substrate composed of a transparent resin and a colored layer formed on a solar-cell-side surface of the indicating plate substrate, said colored layer comprising a coloring agent, said indicating plate substrate having minute irregularities formed on its light-incident-side surface. 8. The indicating plate for a solar watch as claimed in claim 1, said indicating plate comprising an indicating plate substrate composed of a transparent resin containing a dye or pigment as a coloring agent, said indicating plate substrate having minute irregularities with light diffusing function formed on its light-incident-side surface. 9. The indicating plate for a solar watch as claimed in claim 8, wherein the transparent resin of the indicating substrate further contains a light diffusing agent. 10. The indicating plate for a solar watch as claimed in claim 1, said indicating plate comprising an indicating plate substrate composed of a transparent resin containing a light diffusing agent and a reflecting layer formed on a solar-cell-side surface of the indicating plate substrate. 11. The indicating plate for a solar watch as claimed in claim 10, wherein the indicating plate substrate composed of a transparent resin has minute irregularities with light diffusing function formed on its light-incident-side surface. 12. The indicating plate for a solar watch as claimed in claim 1, said indicating plate comprising a colored translucent substrate capable of transmitting light, a pattern layer disposed on a front side of the colored translucent substrate and a colored thin film layer disposed on a back side of the colored translucent substrate. 13. The indicating plate for a solar watch as claimed in claim 12, wherein the colored thin film layer is a metallized layer. 14. The indicating plate for a solar watch as claimed in claim 1, said indicating plate comprising a transparent substrate capable of transmitting light, a pattern layer disposed on a front side of the transparent substrate, a diffusion layer disposed on a back side of the transparent substrate and a colored thin film layer disposed on the diffusion layer. 15. The indicating plate for a solar watch as claimed in claim 14, wherein the transparent substrate, the pattern layer and the diffusion layer are monolithically formed. 16. The indicating plate for a solar watch as claimed in claim 14, wherein the colored thin film layer is a metallized layer. 17. A disklike indicating plate for a watch adapted to be assembled in a watch frame, said indicating plate has at least a portion thereof exposed at its front side composed of an indicating member comprising at least two different types of members and at least one of which is capable of transmitting light downward. 18. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 17, wherein the indicating member comprises an inner-boundary-side member and a peripheral-side member. 19. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 18, wherein the inner-boundary-side member is fitted in a central opening provided in the peripheral-side member. 20. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 18, wherein the inner-boundary-side member is fitted in a central recess provided in the peripheral-side member. 21. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 18, wherein a central protrusion provided in the inner-boundary-side member is fitted in a central opening provided in the peripheral-side member so that the inner-boundary-side member is coupled with the peripheral-side member. 22. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 18, wherein the inner-boundary-side member is composed of a natural material selected from among precious stones, shells, glasses and ceramics or a synthetic material selected from among metals and plastics. 23. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 18, wherein the peripheral-side member is composed of a natural material selected from among precious stones, shells, glasses and ceramics or a synthetic material selected from among metals and plastics. 24. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 23, wherein the peripheral-side member is composed of a synthetic material selected from among metals and plastics and wherein the peripheral-side member is provided with a fixing part for fixing the indicating plate to a watch frame. 25. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 24, wherein a back side of the peripheral-side member is provided with a collar part that is protrudent inward from a circumferential part of a central opening provided in the peripheral-side member, said central opening and said collar part forming a recess, and wherein the inner-boundary-side member is fitted in the recess. 26. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 23, wherein the peripheral-side member is composed of a natural material selected from among precious stones, shells, glasses and ceramics and wherein a periphery of the peripheral-side member is fitted with a ringlike mounting member composed of a metal or a plastic and provided with a fixing part for fixing the indicating plate to a watch frame. 27. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 26, wherein a back side of the mounting member is provided with a collar part that is protrudent inward from a circumferential part of a central opening provided in the mounting member, said central opening and said collar part forming a recess, and wherein the peripheral-side member is fitted in the recess. 28. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 18, wherein a base material is bonded to backs of the inner-boundary-side member and the peripheral-side member. 29. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 28, wherein the base material is composed of a natural material selected from among precious stones, shells, glasses and ceramics or a synthetic material selected from among metals and plastics. 30. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 29, wherein the peripheral-side member or base material is composed of a synthetic material selected from among metals and plastics and wherein the peripheral-side member or base material is provided with a fixing part for fixing the indicating plate to a watch frame. 31. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 29, wherein the peripheral-side member or base material is composed of a natural material selected from among precious stones, shells, glasses and ceramics and wherein a periphery of the peripheral-side member or base material is fitted with a ringlike mounting member composed of a metal or a plastic and provided with a fixing part for fixing the indicating plate to a watch frame. 32. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 31, wherein a back side of the mounting member is provided with a collar part that is protrudent inward from a circumferential part of a central opening provided in the mounting member, said central opening and said collar part forming a recess, and wherein the peripheral-side member or base material is fitted in the recess. 33. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 24, wherein the fixing part is composed of a protrusion, a notch or a hole. 34. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 17, said indicating plate is an indicating plate for solar watch included in an indicating plate structure for solar watch comprising a solar cell housed in a watch and an indicating plate for solar watch arranged on a front side of the solar cell. 35. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 34, said indicating plate has a transmission factor of light contributing to power generation of 10 to 60%. 36. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 17, wherein the plastic is a transparent resin and treated with at least one color diffusing agent selected from among a light diffusing agent, a light storing fluorescent material and a coloring agent composed of a dye or a pigment. 37. The indicating plate for a solar watch as claimed in claim 3, wherein a transparent or translucent surface protective coating layer is formed on an upper surface of the light storing fluorescent layer. 38. The indicating plate for a solar watch as claimed in claim 4, wherein a transparent or translucent surface protective coating layer is formed on an upper surface of the light storing fluorescent layer. 39. The indicating plate for a solar watch as claimed in claim 15, wherein the colored thin film layer is a metallized layer. 40. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 19, wherein the inner-boundary-side member is composed of a natural material selected from among precious stones, shells, glasses and ceramics or a synthetic material selected from among metals and plastics. 41. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 20, wherein the inner-boundary-side member is composed of a natural material selected from among precious stones, shells, glasses and ceramics or a synthetic material selected from among metals and plastics. 42. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 21, wherein the inner-boundary-side member is composed of a natural material selected from among precious stones, shells, glasses and ceramics or a synthetic material selected from among metals and plastics. 43. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 19, wherein the peripheral-side member is composed of a natural material selected from among precious stones, shells, glasses and ceramics or a synthetic material selected from among metals and plastics. 44. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 20, wherein the peripheral-side member is composed of a natural material selected from among precious stones, shells, glasses and ceramics or a synthetic material selected from among metals and plastics. 45. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 21, wherein the peripheral-side member is composed of a natural material selected from among precious stones, shells, glasses and ceramics or a synthetic material selected from among metals and plastics. 46. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 22, wherein the peripheral-side member is composed of a natural material selected from among precious stones, shells, glasses and ceramics or a synthetic material selected from among metals and plastics. 47. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 19, wherein a base material is bonded to backs of the inner-boundary-side member and the peripheral-side member. 48. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 22, wherein a base material is bonded to backs of the inner-boundary-side member and the peripheral-side member. 49. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 23, wherein a base material is bonded to backs of the inner-boundary-side member and the peripheral-side member. 50. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 26, wherein the fixing part is composed of a protrusion, a notch or a hole. 51. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 30, wherein the fixing part is composed of a protrusion, a notch or a hole. 52. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 31, wherein the fixing part is composed of a protrusion, a notch or a hole. 53. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 18, said indicating plate is an indicating plate for solar watch included in an indicating plate structure for solar watch comprising a solar cell housed in a watch and an indicating plate for solar watch arranged on a front side of the solar cell. 54. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 21, said indicating plate is an indicating plate for solar watch included in an indicating plate structure for solar watch comprising a solar cell housed in a watch and an indicating plate for solar watch arranged on a front side of the solar cell. 55. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 18, wherein the plastic is a transparent resin and treated with at least one color diffusing agent selected from among a light diffusing agent, a light storing fluorescent material and a coloring agent composed of a dye or a pigment. 56. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 21, wherein the plastic is a transparent resin and treated with at least one color diffusing agent selected from among a light diffusing agent, a light storing fluorescent material and a coloring agent composed of a dye or a pigment. 57. The indicating plate for a watch as claimed in claim 35, wherein the plastic is a transparent resin and treated with at least one color diffusing agent selected from among a light diffusing agent, a light storing fluorescent material and a coloring agent composed of a dye or a pigment. 