A method and apparatus for applying a thin film of water to a solar energy impacted surface, especially a building, while frequently testing itself for leaks or breaks in the piping system, testing for failure of one or more valves, or malfunction of the control system. By measuring the rate of evaporation, and the level of absorption of fluid by the surface, the apparatus applies fluid at appropriate times to achieve nearly 100% evaporation, thereby maximizing its cooling effects. While maintaining a narrow temperature excursion from one water cycle to the next, the system provides alternating wet and dry conditions on the roof, discouraging biological growth. The apparatus includes a master control valve capable of preventing all water sources from providing water in the event of any component or system failure. By so doing, any failure is "fail-safe", rather than "fail-catastrophic."
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A fail-safe structure cooling system for cooling a structure or building comprising; (a) a plurality of fluid dispensers; (b) conduit means for supplying said plurality of fluid dispensers with fluid; (c) a plurality of control valve means in communication with said conduit means for directing flow of said fluid through said fluid dispensers; (d) a flow meter in communication with said conduit means; (e) a plurality of physical parameter sensing means in communication with said structure; (f) a master control valve means in communication with said conduit means; and (g) a control system means in communication with said plurality of control valve means, said master control valve means, said plurality of physical parameter sensing means, and said flow meter means, comprising; a. means for comparing output of said plurality of physical parameter sensing means with pre-determined values; b. means for activating said plurality of fluid dispensers if physical parameters indicated by said physical parameter sensing means exceeds said pre-determined values; c. means for measuring output of said flow meter; and d. means for controlling said master control valve in response to said output of said flow meter. 2. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1 wherein said control system means includes a means for leak testing said conduit means and said plurality of control valve means by; a) closure of plurality of said control valve means; b) opening said master control valve means; and c) monitoring said flow meter for flow of said fluid. 3. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1 wherein said control system means includes a means for leak testing said master control valve means by; a) closure of said master control valve means; b) opening of plurality of control valve means; and c) monitoring said flow meter for flow of said fluid. 4. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1 wherein said master control valve means and said plurality of control valve means are arranged to prevent flow of said fluid if said fluid is flowing through said flow meter during a leak test. 5. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1, wherein said plurality of physical parameter sensing means includes means for measuring temperature. 6. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1, wherein said plurality of physical parameter sensing means includes means for measuring moisture. 7. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1 wherein said plurality of physical parameter sensing means are arranged to detect freezing temperatures. 8. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1, further including a plurality of physical parameter sensing means for measuring both temperature and moisture on said building, said sensor being in communication with said control system means. 9. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1 wherein said control system is in communication with a power source. 10. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 9 wherein said control system, in communication with said power source, contains a reserve power supply so that it will operate normally during short interruptions of said power source. 11. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 10 wherein said control system means, upon detection of a loss of power, is arranged to close said master control valve means before said reserve power is insufficient to close said master valve means. 12. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 10 wherein said control system means, upon detection of a loss of power from said power source, is arranged to close said plurality of control valves before said reserve power is insufficient to close said plurality of control valves. 13. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 10 wherein said control system means, in the event of loss of said power source, is arranged to turn off said master control valve means prior to sufficient loss of said reserve power source to prevent operation. 14. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1 wherein said master valve means is normally closed, and said control system arranged to open said master control valve only if said control system means requires said fluid to flow through said conduit means to said fluid dispensers. 15. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1 wherein said control system means, in communication with said physical parameter sensors, said plurality of control valves, and said conduit means, is arranged to alternately maintain said building in a wet and dry condition to discourage growth of organisms. 16. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1, further including a fluid-containing vessel, said vessel being in communication with said conduit means. 17. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 16, further including in said vessel at least one agent selected from the group consisting of germicides, antifungicides, antibiotics, and antibacterials. 18. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 17, further including a vessel control valve means to permit flow of said agents from said vessel to said conduit means, said vessel control valve means being in communication with said conduit means, and with said vessel. 19. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 18 wherein said control system means is arranged to open and close said vessel control valve means to permit flow of said fluid from said vessel. 20. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 18, further including a plurality of agents contained in said vessel capable of reducing the freezing point of water. 21. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 18 wherein said control system is arranged to direct said fluid, plus said agents through said conduit mean to said spray nozzles to melt frozen or partially frozen fluid on said building. 22. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1 wherein said control system means is arranged to monitor a roof of said building and reach a predetermined state of dryness before permitting said control valve means to direct said fluid through said conduit means. 23. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1 wherein said control system means further includes means for communicating with a plurality of data collection devices selected from the group consisting of radio frequency means, modem means, and wire communication means. 24. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1 wherein said master control valve is arranged to prevent flow of a said fluid under pressure to reach said conduit means except when said control system require flow of said fluid. 25. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1 wherein said control system means is arranged to periodically conduct tests selected from the group consisting of a conduit means leak test, a control valve means failure test, and a master control valve means failure test. 26. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1 wherein said control system means is arranged to apply said fluid such that that all said fluid evaporates within a specified period of time and maintains the temperature of said roof within specified limits. 27. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1 wherein said control system means is arranged to operation said control valve means and flow of said fluid for a period to time to prevent accumulation of foreign particulates or contaminates in said spray heads, when said control system means does not direct operation of said control valve means and flow of said fluid for a predetermined period of time. 28. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1 wherein said fluid is selected from the group consisting of reclaimed, recycled, and reused water. 29. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1 wherein said control system means is arranged to control temperature excursion of said building to minimize solar deterioration of said surface. 30. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1 wherein said spray nozzles are arranged to direct said fluid on a roof-mounted apparatus to reduce temperature-induced deterioration. 31. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1 wherein said spray nozzles are arranged to direct said fluid on a roof-mounted air intake apparatus to reduce inlet air temperatures. 32. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1, further including a means for momentarily signaling a remote system when a failure is detected. 33. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 32 wherein said means for signaling a remote system is selected from the group consisting of radio frequency, telephone modem, and wire systems. 34. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 32, further including means for testing said plurality of conduit means for leakage of said fluid. 35. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 32, further including means for testing said plurality of control valve means for leakage of said fluid. 36. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 32, further including means for testing said plurality of master control valve means for leakage of said fluid. 37. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 32 wherein said control system signals said remote system in the event of failure of a test selected from the group consisting of testing said plurality of control valves, testing of said plurality of conduit means, and testing of said plurality of master control valves. 38. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1 wherein said control system means, in communication with said conduit means, said control valve means, and said physical parameter sensor means, is arranged to apply said fluid such that that all said fluid evaporates within a specified period of time and maintains the temperature of said roof within specified limits. 39. The fail-safe structure cooling system of claim 1, further including a plurality of fluid flow meters connected to said control system. 