A unique solar shield and a solar-ray shielding method are disclosed. The solar shield of the present invention is divided essentially into two parts--a wrapping member and a mounting plate. The wrapping member wraps around an electronic device. The mounting plate holds the wrapping member around the electronic device. The electronic device is fixedly attached to the mounting plate using known fasteners such as bolts. The solar shield shields the electronic device from solar rays and prevents unwanted heat absorption due to the solar rays.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A device for shielding solar rays from an electronic device, comprising: a wrapping member for wrapping at least a portion of the electronic device; and a mounting plate for holding the wrapping member around the electronic device and fixing the electronic device to the shielding device. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the wrapping member includes: a plurality of first wrapping sections; and a plurality of second wrapping sections each extending from one of the first wrapping sections. 3. The device of claim 2 wherein the plurality of first wrapping sections are each foldably connected to an adjacent one of the first wrapping section along a folding line. 4. The device of claim 3, wherein the first and second wrapping sections are foldably connected to each other along folding lines. 5. The device of claim 4 wherein the folding lines connecting s aid plurality of first wrapping sections to each other are perpendicular to the folding lines connecting said plurality of first wrapping section to said plurality of second wrapping sections. 6. The device of claim 5, wherein the second wrapping sections are fixedly mounted to the mounting plate. 7. The device of claim 4, wherein at least one of the first wrapping sections includes an air hole for exhausting air from around an electronic device disposed within the shielding device. 8. The device of claim 7, wherein said one of the first wrapping sections further includes a pole hole for allowing a pole to pass through. 9. The device of claim 4, wherein at least one of the second wrapping sections includes a hole for allowing a connector of the electronic device to pass through. 10. The device of claim 5, wherein the wrapping member further includes a plurality of first reinforcement extensions extending from the first wrapping sections in a first direction. 11. The device of claim 10 wherein the first direction is parallel to said folding lines connecting said plurality of first wrapping sections to each other. 12. The device of claim 11, wherein the wrapping member further includes a plurality of second reinforcement extensions extending from at least one of the first wrapping sections in a second direction. 13. The device of claim 11, wherein the wrapping member further includes a plurality of second reinforcement extensions extending from at least one of the first wrapping sections in a second direction perpendicular to the first direction. 14. The device of claim 6 wherein said plurality of second wrapping sections are folded approximately perpendicular to said plurality of first folding sections. 15. The device of claim 4, wherein at least one of the wrapping member and the mounting plate is formed of metal. 16. The device of claim 4, wherein at least one of the wrapping member and the mounting plate is formed of plastic. 17. The device of claim 4, wherein the mounting plate includes a hole for receiving a connector therethrough. 18. The device of claim 4, wherein the electronic device is selected from a group compromising a transmitter, a receiver, and a LMDS (Local Multipoint Distribution System) device. 19. The device of claim 2, wherein each of the first wrapping sections is rectangular and each of the second wrapping sections is triangular. 20. The device of claim 5, wherein each of the first wrapping sections is rectangular, and each of the second wrapping sections is triangular. 21. A method for shielding solar rays from an electronic device suing a solar shield including a wrapping member and a mounting plate, the method comprising the steps of: wrapping the wrapping member of the solar shield around at least a portion of the electronic device; and fixedly connecting the electronic device and portions of the wrapping member to the mounting plate to shield the electronic device from solar rays. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein the wrapping member include a plurality of first wrapping sections, and a plurality of second wrapping sections extending from the first wrapping sections, and wherein the connecting step includes the step of: fixedly mounting ends of the second wrapping sections to the mounting plate. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein the first and second wrapping sections are separated by folding lines, and the wrapping step includes the step of: folding the wrapping member along the folding lines to wrap around the electronic device. 