A photovoltaic cell module tile that includes a tile body, a recess, a fitting section, and a pressure member. The recess is provided in a top surface of the tile body, which stores a photovoltaic cell module. The fitting section is provided in the recess on an eaves side of the tile body. An eaves-side end portion of the photovoltaic cell module is inserted and fitted in the fitting section. The pressure member is provided on a ridge side of the tile body and presses a ridge-side end portion of the photovoltaic cell module against the tile body.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic cell module tile comprising: a tile body; a recess provided in a top surface of the tile body, which stores a photovoltaic cell module; a fitting section which is provided in the recess on an eaves side of the tile body and in which an eaves-side end portion of the photovoltaic cell module is inserted and fitted; and a pressure member which is provided on a ridge side of the tile body and presses a ridge-side end portion of the photovoltaic cell module against the tile body. 2. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic cell module is of a plate shape, the fitting section is provided on each of three sides of the recess of the tile body, and an inserting section for inserting the photovoltaic cell module is provided on a remaining one side of the recess. 3. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 2, wherein an escape section is provided in the recess of the tile body continuously from the inserting section to house a terminal box provided in the photovoltaic cell module of the plate shape when the photovoltaic cell module is inserted and fitted into the fitting section. 4. A photovoltaic cell module tile comprising: a tile body; a mounting section provided on the tile body, which mounts a photovoltaic cell module having a terminal box on an undersurface of the photovoltaic cell module; and a tightening member provided in the terminal box, which penetrates the mounting section of the tile body and fixes the photovoltaic cell module to the tile body from under the mounting section, the tightening member having a nut and a bolt. 5. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 4, wherein the bolt protrudes downward from the terminal box and penetrates the mounting section, and the nut is screwed on the bolt under the mounting section. 6. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 4, wherein the nut is provided in the terminal box, and the bolt penetrates the mounting section from below and is screwed into the nut. 7. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 4, wherein part of the tightening member is fitted into a groove formed in the tile body to position and hold the tightening member. 8. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 4, wherein the tightening member is fixed to the tile body by an adhesive or by welding. 9. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 4, wherein the tightening member has a fitting section above and a stopping section below, the fitting section being fitted to the photovoltaic cell module and the stopping section mechanically stopping the tile body on the undersurface of the tile body. 10. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 4, wherein the tightening member has a fitting section which is provided on the tile body and fitted to an eaves-side end portion of the photovoltaic cell module. 11. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 4, wherein the tightening member has a fitting section which is provided on the tile body and penetrates a through portion formed in the photovoltaic cell module. 12. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 4, wherein the tile body has a penetrating hole which serves as a drain outlet and also as a through hole through which the tightening member passes. 13. A photovoltaic cell module tile comprising: a tile body; a mounting section provided on the tile body, which mounts a photovoltaic cell module having a terminal box on an undersurface of the photovoltaic cell module; and a tightening member for fixing the photovoltaic cell module to the tile body and having a fixing member body interposed between adjacent tile bodies of a plurality of tile bodies arranged in a row, a pressure piece which is formed on an upper end portion of the fixing member body to be integral with the fixing member body and presses photovoltaic cell modules of adjacent tile bodies against the tile bodies, and a holding piece which is formed on a lower end portion of the fixing member body to be integral with the fixing member body and holds under the tile body. 14. A photovoltaic cell module tile comprising: a tile body; a mounting section provided on the tile body, which mounts a photovoltaic cell module having a terminal box on an undersurface of the photovoltaic cell module; and a tightening member for fixing the photovoltaic cell module to the tile body and having a fixing member body interposed between adjacent ones of a plurality of tile bodies arranged in a row, a pair of left and right pressure pieces which are formed on an upper end portion of the fixing member body to be integral with the fixing member body and are each connected to a top surface of the photovoltaic cell module mounted on a corresponding one of the plurality of tile bodies to press the photovoltaic cell module against the tile body, and a holding piece which is formed on a lower end portion of the fixing member body to be integral with the fixing member body and holds, together with the pair of pressure pieces, the tile body. 15. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 13, wherein the pressure piece is provided with a projection portion at an edge portion of the pressure piece, and the projection portion extends downwardly so as to be connected to a top surface of the photovoltaic cell module. 16. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 13, wherein the pressure piece is bent downwardly in an arc shape so as to be connected resiliently to a top surface of the photovoltaic cell module. 17. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 13, wherein the pressure piece has approximately the same length as a side edge portion of the tile body. 18. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 13, wherein the pressure piece is engaged with a groove in a top surface of a side edge portion of the tile body. 19. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 13, wherein upper and lower grooves are provided in top and bottom surfaces, respectively, of a side edge portion of the tile body, and the pressure piece of the fixing member is engaged with the upper groove, while the holding piece of the fixing member is engaged with the lower groove. 20. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 13, wherein a side surface of the fixing member body is adhered to a side surface of a side edge portion of the tile body by a double-faced tape. 21. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 13, wherein the pressure piece has an elastic member on a bottom surface of the pressure piece and the pressure piece is connected to a top surface of the photovoltaic cell module, with the elastic member interposed between the pressure piece and the photovoltaic cell module. 