An electrical candlestick device including a candlestick portion and base portion provided with a mounting extension configured to be captured between a movable sash and stationary window sill. In preferred embodiments, the mounting portion accommodates a power cord for outdoor applications and includes a finger/thumb grip to facilitate installation and removal thereof.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electrical candle device configured for a window having a movable sash and stationary sill, said device comprising: a candlestick portion; an electrical light emitting device provided at an upper end of said candlestick portion; a base portion provided at a lower end of said candlestick portion, said base portion including a mounting extension configured to connect between the movable sash and stationary sill of the window to position and mount said candlestick portion in a substantially upright position adjacent the window; and an electrical conductor associated with said candlestick device, said electrical conductor electrically connected to said electrical light emitting device and configured for connecting with a power source, said electrical conductor extending through at least a portion of said mounting extension. 2. A device according to claim 1, wherein said extension is configured to fit between the movable sash and stationary sill of the window when the window is in a closed position. 3. A device according to claim 2, wherein said electrical conductor extends through at least a portion of said mounting extension. 4. A device according to claim 1, wherein said electrical conductor extends through a portion of said mounting extension located between the window sash and sill. 5. A device according to claim 4, wherein said electrical conductor is a wire conductor. 6. A device according to claim 4, wherein said electrical conductor is a flattened wire conductor. 7. A device according to claim 4, wherein said extension is provided with a channel for accommodating said electrical conductor. 8. A device according to claim 4, wherein said electrical conductor is molded within said extension. 9. A device according to claim 1, wherein said mounting extension is provided with a finger grip portion to facilitate mounting said device within the window. 10. A device according to claim 9, wherein said finger grip portion is defined by an upside down U-shaped portion provided at an end of said mounting extension. 11. A device according to claim 9, wherein said finger grip portion is defined by an upwardly extending protrusion provided on said mounting extension. 12. A device according to claim 1, wherein said mounting extension is provided with a substantially horizontally oriented first extension portion extending to an inclined second extension portion extending to a substantially vertically oriented third extending portion. 13. A device according to claim 12, including an upside down U-shape end extending from said third extending portion to provide a finger grip portion. 14. A device according to claim 12, wherein said inclined second extension portion is set an angle relative to said first extension portion to be substantially parallel with an inclined sill portion of the stationary window sill. 15. A device according to claim 1, including a power source. 16. A device according to claim 15, wherein said power source is a battery. 17. A device according to claim 16, including a solar cell for recharging said battery. 18. A device according to claim 1, wherein said electrical conductor is provided with a UL type plug electrical connector. 19. A device according to claim 1, including an electrical socket provided in an upper end of said candle stick housing for accommodating a replaceable light bulb. 