A vehicle system for transferring thermal energy in relation to a vehicle fluid includes at least one thermoelectric device, having at least two surfaces, concurrently dissipating thermal energy on a first surface and absorbing thermal energy on a second surface, mounted in proximity to a contained vehicle fluid so as to provide thermal communication between the contained vehicle fluid and either the cooler or the warmer surface of the thermoelectric device. Additionally, a method of cooling a vehicle fluid includes the steps of: (a) providing at least one thermoelectric device, having at least a first surface that changes temperature in a first direction upon activation of the thermoelectric device and a second surface opposing the first surface that changes temperature in an opposite direction upon activation of the thermoelectric device; (b) positioning the thermoelectric device such that the first surface is in thermal communication with a contained vehicle fluid; and (c) activating the thermoelectric device to develop a thermal gradient between the contained vehicle fluid and the first surface.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A vehicle system for transferring thermal energy in relation to a vehicle fluid comprising: at least one thermoelectric device, having at least two surfaces, concurrently dissipating thermal energy on a warmer surface and absorbing thermal energy on a cooler surface, mounted to a vehicle and in proximity to a contained vehicle fluid, and providing thermal communication between the contained vehicle fluid and at least one of the warmer and cooler surfaces of the thermoelectric device, wherein the contained vehicle fluid is contained in a vehicle fluid conduit, and the vehicle system is mounted such that the cooler surface of the thermoelectric device is in thermal communication with the vehicle fluid conduit; and a first heat transfer material block mounted to a vehicle and positioned between the contained vehicle fluid and the cooler surface of the thermoelectric device, such that the cooler surface of the thermoelectric device and the first heat transfer material block are in thermal communication, and such that the first heat transfer material block and the contained vehicle fluid are in thermal communication, wherein the first heat transfer material block includes the vehicle fluid conduit extending therethrough for contained vehicle fluid flow. 2. The vehicle system of claim 1, wherein a vehicle fluid source feeds the contained vehicle fluid into the vehicle fluid conduit. 3. The vehicle system of claim 2, wherein the vehicle fluid conduit is separate from the first heat transfer material block. 4. The vehicle system of claim 2, wherein the vehicle fluid conduit includes a series of substantially parallel channels extending through the first block of heat transfer material block. 5. The vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the vehicle fluid conduit includes at least one channel. 6. The vehicle system of claim 5, wherein the channel runs in a serpentine path. 7. A vehicle system for transferring thermal energy in relation to a vehicle fluid comprising at least one thermoelectric device, having at least two surfaces, concurrently dissipating thermal energy on a warmer surface and absorbing thermal energy on a cooler surface, mounted to a vehicle and in proximity to a contained vehicle fluid, and providing thermal communication between the contained vehicle fluid and the warmer surface of the thermoelectric device, wherein the thermoelectric device is configured to operate off of a vehicle power source, wherein the cooler surface is in contact with the ambient environment 8. A vehicle system for transferring thermal energy in relation to a vehicle fluid comprising: at least one thermoelectric device, having at least two surfaces, concurrently dissipating thermal energy on a warmer surface and absorbing thermal energy on a cooler surface, mounted to a vehicle and in proximity to a contained vehicle fluid, and providing thermal communication between the contained vehicle fluid and the warmer surface of the thermoelectric device, wherein the thermoelectric device is configured to operate off of a vehicle power source and wherein the contained vehicle fluid is contained within at least the one of a vehicle fluid reservoir and a vehicle fluid conduit; and a first heat transfer material block mounted to a vehicle and including a vehicle fluid conduit extending therethrough for the contained vehicle fluid to flow. 9. The vehicle system of claim 8, wherein the vehicle fluid conduit is separate from the first heat transfer material block. 10. The vehicle system of claim 8, wherein the vehicle fluid conduit includes a series of substantially parallel channels extending therethrough. 11. The vehicle system of claim 8, wherein the vehicle fluid conduit includes at least one channel. 12. The vehicle system of claim 11, wherein the channel runs in a serpentine path. 13. A vehicle system for transferring thermal energy in relation to a vehicle fluid comprising at least one thermoelectric device, having at least two surfaces, concurrently dissipating thermal energy on a warmer surface and absorbing thermal energy on a cooler surface, mounted to a vehicle and in proximity to a contained vehicle fluid, and providing thermal communication between the contained vehicle fluid and the cooler surface of the thermoelectric device, wherein the thermoelectric device is configured to operate off of a vehicle power source and wherein the warmer surface is in contact with the ambient environment. 14. An apparatus adapted-to-be mated with a vehicle fluid system comprising: a) a first heat transfer material block adapted to be mounted to a vehicle and in thermal communication with a contained vehicle fluid, wherein the first heat transfer material block contains a conduit extending therethrough for contained vehicle fluid flow which is adapted to be mated with a closed vehicle fluid system and providing fluid communication therewith; b) a heat sink; and c) at least one thermoelectric device, having at least a first and second surface, such that the first surface is in thermal communication with the first heat transfer material block and the second surface is in thermal communication with the heat sink. 15. An apparatus mated with a vehicle fluid system comprising: a) a first heat transfer material block adapted to be mounted to a vehicle and in thermal communication with a contained vehicle fluid, b) a heat sink; c) at least one thermoelectric device, having at least a first and second surface, such that the first surface is in thermal communication with the first heat transfer material block and the second surface is in thermal communication with the heat sink; and d) an electric fan being mounted to the heat sink. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the electric fan and the thermoelectric device are adapted to be powered from a vehicle power source. 17. A method of retrofitting a vehicle with a vehicle fluid cooling system comprising the steps of: a) mounting a vehicle fluid cooling system for transferring thermal energy in relation to a closed vehicle fluid system, the vehicle fluid cooling system including at least one thermoelectric device having at least two surfaces, concurrently absorbing thermal energy on a first surface and dissipating thermal energy on a second surface; b) configuring the thermoelectric device to receive power from at least one source, wherein the source is at least one of a vehicle source, a stored energy source and a solar energy source; c) connecting the vehicle fluid cooling system to be in fluid communication with a vehicle fluid of the closed vehicle fluid system; d) diverting of at least a portion of the vehicle fluid within the closed vehicle fluid system; and e) containing a majority of the vehicle fluid diverted within the vehicle fluid cooling system, at least temporarily, for subsequent delivery back to the closed vehicle fluid system. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the step of diverting at least a portion of the vehicle fluid includes the step of diverting the vehicle fluid through a heat transfer material block in thermal communication with the first surface of the thermoelectric device and having a conduit extending therethrough for diverted flow. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the conduit runs in a serpentine path. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein the conduit includes a plurality of substantially parallel channels. 21. The method of claim 18, wherein the conduit is a single channel. 22. A vehicle fuel cooling system comprising: a) a heat sink; b) a first heat transfer material block mounted to a vehicle and having a fuel path extending therethrough; and c) at least one thermoelectric device, having a cooling wafer and a heating wafer, sandwiched between the first heat transfer material block and the heat sink such that the cooling wafer contacts the first heat transfer material block and such that the heating wafer contacts the heat sink. 23. A vehicle fuel cooling system comprising: a) a first heat transfer material block mounted to a vehicle and hating a fuel conduit extending therethrough; b) a finned heat transfer material block; c) at least one thermoelectric device, having a cooling surface and an opposed heating surface, being sandwiched between the first heat transfer material block and the finned heat transfer material block such that the cooling surface faces the fist heat transfer material block and such that the opposed heating surface faces the first heat transfer material block; and d) a power source to supply electricity to the thermoelectric device. 24. The vehicle fuel cooling system of claim 23, further comprising an electric fan adapted to direct airflow over the finned heat transfer material block. 25. The vehicle fuel cooling system of claim 23, further comprising a fuel pipe of heat transfer material extending through the conduit. 26. A vehicle fuel heating system comprising: a) a heat sink; b) a first heat transfer material block mounted to a vehicle and having a fuel path extending therethrough; and c) at least one thermoelectric device, having a cooling wafer and a heating wafer, sandwiched between the first heat transfer material block and the heat sink such that the heating wafer contacts the first heat transfer material block and such tat the cooling wafer contacts the heat sink. 27. A vehicle fuel heating system comprising: a) a first heat transfer material block mounted to a vehicle and having a fuel conduit extending therethrough; b) a finned heat transfer material block; c) at least one thermoelectric device, having a cooling surface and an opposed heating surface, being sandwiched between the first heat transfer material block and the finned heat transfer material block such that the heating surface faces the first heat transfer material block and such that the cooling surface faces the finned heat transfer material block; and d) a power source to supply electricity to the thermoelectric device. 28. The vehicle fuel heating system of claim 27, further comprising an electric fan adapted to direct airflow over the finned heat transfer material block. 29. The vehicle fuel heating system of claim 27, further comprising a fuel pipe of heat transfer material extending through a fuel conduit. 30. A method of cooling a vehicle lubricant comprising steps of: a) providing at least one thermoelectric device having at least a cooler surface and a warmer surface opposing the cooler surface; b) mounting the thermoelectric device to a vehicle; c) utilizing the thermoelectric device to develop a gradient between a vehicle lubricant and the cooler surface of the thermoelectric device; and d) supplying forced convection to increase heat dissipation from the warmer surface. 31. A method of heating a vehicle lubricant comprising the steps of: a) providing at least one thermoelectric device having at least a cooler surface and a warmer surface opposing the cooler surface; b) mounting the thermoelectric device to a vehicle; and c) utilizing the thermoelectric device to develop a gradient between a vehicle lubricant and the warmer surface of the thermoelectric device. 32. The method of claim 31, further comprising the steps of: d) transferring heat to the vehicle lubricant from the warmer surface of the thermoelectric device; and e) transferring heat within the thermoelectric device from the cooler surface to the warmer surface. 33. The method of claim 31, further comprising the step of: d) supplying forced convection to increase heat transfer to the cooler surface. 