An improved service access and heat transfer design for passively cooled telecommunication repeater housings for use with wire transmission in the local loop outside plant is achieved by a cover, sealable to the housing's sidewall, removable to provide field replaceable, plug-in access to the repeater modules and voltage protector assemblies wherein the voltage protector assemblies can be installed and removed without first removing the repeater modules protected by those voltage protector assemblies and by replacing the known convection based heat transfer designs with a design based on solid thermal conduction. Thermal sleeves, which mount the repeater modules, collect the repeater modules' waste heat through thermal interfaces, transfer the waste heat along thermal conduction paths to the housing's sidewalls, and then distribute the waste heat over a substantial portion of the housing's sidewalls.
Claims I claim: 1. A passively cooled repeater housing for use in a telecommunication network's wire transmission local loop outside plant to house a plurality of standardized repeater modules that generate waste heat, the repeater housing comprising: a cylindrical environmental enclosure including a sidewall and a cover, wherein the cover is sealable to the sidewall and wherein the cover is removable to provide field replaceable, plug-in access to the repeater modules; a plurality of thermal sleeves mounted within the environmental enclosure and which mount the plurality of repeater modules, wherein each of the plurality of thermal sleeves comprises: a thermal collection element that forms a thermal interface with at least one repeater module in order to collect waste heat from the repeater module; a thermal distribution element having at least one surface placed in close proximity to the sidewall and having an arcuate shape that conforms to a portion of an inner surface of the sidewall to distribute waste heat over the sidewall and transfer the waste heat through the sidewall to the surrounding ambient air; and a thermal transfer element providing thermal conduction from the collection element to the distribution element. 2. The repeater housing of claim 1 wherein the plurality of thermal sleeves further comprise a thermal chassis. 3. The repeater housing of claim 2 wherein the plurality of thermal sleeves comprising the thermal chassis are separate physical elements from each other. 4. The repeater housing of claim 2 wherein at least two of the plurality of thermal sleeves comprising the thermal chassis are integrally formed into a single physical unit. 5. The repeater housing of claim 1, wherein the thermal collection element, the thermal transfer element and the thermal distribution element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves are each separate physical elements. 6. The repeater housing of claim 1, wherein the thermal collection element and the thermal distribution element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves are physically separated one from the other. 7. The repeater housing of claim 1, wherein two or more of the thermal collection element, the thermal transfer element and the thermal distribution element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves are integrally formed into a single physical unit. 8. The repeater housing of claim 1, wherein the thermal collection element, the thermal transfer element and the thermal distribution element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves are integrally formed from a single piece of aluminum extrusion. 9. The repeater housing of claim 1, wherein the thermal collection element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves is in thermal contact with a major portion of a surface area of a corresponding repeater module. 10. The repeater housing of claim 1, wherein the thermal collection element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves forms the thermal interface with a corresponding repeater module over less than a full surface area of the repeater module. 11. The repeater housing of claim 1, wherein at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves is configured to mount, one at a time, both of at least two standardized sizes of repeater modules. 12. A passively cooled repeater housing for use in a telecommunication network's wire transmission local loop outside plant to house a plurality of standardized repeater modules that generate waste heat, the repeater housing comprising: a cylindrical environmental enclosure including a base, a cover, a sidewall, and at least one mounting bracket, wherein the at least one mounting bracket is fastened to the base, wherein the cover is sealable to the sidewall and wherein the cover is removable to provide field replaceable, plug-in access to the repeater modules; a plurality of thermal sleeves mounted within the environmental enclosure and which mount the plurality of repeater modules, wherein each of the plurality of thermal sleeves comprises: a thermal collection element that forms a thermal interface with at least one repeater module in order to collect waste heat from the repeater module; a thermal distribution element having at least one surface placed in close proximity to the sidewall and having an arcuate shape that conforms to a portion of an inner surface of the sidewall to distribute waste heat over the sidewall and transfer the waste heat through the sidewall to the surrounding ambient air; and a thermal transfer element providing thermal conduction from the collection element to the distribution element; and at least one thermal interface element providing thermal conduction to the base in order to transfer waste heat through the base to the surrounding ambient air and to the at least one mounting bracket for dissipation from the at least one mounting bracket into the surrounding ambient air, wherein the at least one thermal interface element is thermally connected to at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves to transfer waste heat away from the at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves. 13. The repeater housing of claim 12, wherein the at least one thermal interface element is thermally connected to at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves with an overlapping thermal joint. 14. The repeater housing of claim 12, wherein the at least one thermal interface element is thermally connected to at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves with an interdigitated thermal joint. 15. The repeater housing of claim 12, wherein the at least one thermal interface element includes at least one overlapping thermal joint. 16. The repeater housing of claim 12, wherein the at least one thermal interface element includes at least one interdigitated thermal joint. 17. The repeater housing of claim 12, wherein the base is thermally connected to the at least one mounting bracket with an overlapping thermal joint. 18. The repeater housing of claim 12, wherein the at least one thermal interface element forms a thermal interface with an inner surface of the base in order to distribute waste heat over the base and transfer the waste heat through the base to the surrounding ambient air. 19. The repeater housing of claim 12, wherein the thermal collection element, the thermal transfer element and the thermal distribution element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves are each separate physical elements. 20. The repeater housing of claim 12, wherein the thermal collection element and the thermal distribution element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves are physically separated one from the other. 21. The repeater housing of claim 12, wherein two or more of the thermal collection element, the thermal transfer element and the thermal distribution element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves are integrally formed into a single physical unit. 22. The repeater housing of claim 12, wherein the thermal collection element, the thermal transfer element and the thermal distribution element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves are integrally formed from a single piece of aluminum extrusion. 23. The repeater housing of claim 12, wherein the thermal collection element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves is in thermal contact with a major portion of a surface area of a corresponding repeater module. 24. The repeater housing of claim 12, wherein the thermal collection element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves forms the thermal interface with a corresponding repeater module over less than a full surface area of the repeater module. 25. The repeater housing of claim 12, wherein at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves is configured to mount, one at a time, both of at least two standardized sizes of repeater modules. 26. A passively cooled repeater housing for use in a telecommunication network's wire transmission local loop outside plant to house a plurality of standardized repeater modules that generate waste heat, the repeater housing comprising: a cylindrical environmental enclosure including a cover and a sidewall, wherein the cover is sealable to the sidewall and wherein the cover is removable to provide field replaceable, plug-in access to the repeater modules; a plurality of thermal sleeves mounted within the environmental enclosure and which mount the plurality of repeater modules, wherein each of the plurality of thermal sleeves comprises: a thermal collection element that forms a thermal interface with at least one repeater module in order to collect waste heat from the repeater module; a thermal distribution element having at least one surface placed in close proximity to the sidewall and having an arcuate shape that conforms to a portion of an inner surface of the sidewall to distribute waste heat over the sidewall and transfer the waste heat through the sidewall to the surrounding ambient air; and a thermal transfer element providing thermal conduction from the collection element to the distribution element; and at least one thermal interface member providing thermal conduction from at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves to the cover in order to distribute waste heat over the cover and transfer the waste heat through the cover to the surrounding ambient air. 27. The repeater housing of claim 26, wherein a surface area of a cover exterior surface is expanded relative to a corresponding surface area of a smooth cover of the same size in order to increase the area available to dissipate heat from the cover exterior surface to the surrounding ambient air. 28. The repeater housing of claim 27, wherein the cover exterior surface includes a plurality of fins in order to increase its surface area. 29. The repeater housing of claim 28, wherein the cover is corrugated to form the plurality of fins. 30. The repeater housing of claim 29, wherein the thermal interface member is shaped and positioned to provide close thermal contact with the cover corrugations, to distribute waste heat over the cover corrugations and transfer the waste heat through the cover corrugations to the surrounding ambient air. 31. The repeater housing of claim 26, wherein the thermal collection element, the thermal transfer element and the thermal distribution element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves are each separate physical elements. 32. The repeater housing of claim 26, wherein the thermal collection element and the thermal distribution element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves are physically separated one from the other. 33. The repeater housing of claim 26, wherein two or more of the thermal collection element, the thermal transfer element and the thermal distribution element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves are integrally formed into a single physical unit. 34. The repeater housing of claim 26, wherein the thermal collection element, the thermal transfer element and the thermal distribution element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves are integrally formed from a single piece of aluminum extrusion. 35. The repeater housing of claim 26, wherein the thermal collection element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves is in thermal contact with a major portion of a surface area of a corresponding repeater module. 36. The repeater housing of claim 26, wherein the thermal collection element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves forms the thermal interface with a corresponding repeater module over less than a full surface area of the repeater module. 37. The repeater housing of claim 26, wherein at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves is configured to mount, one at a time, both of at least two standardized sizes of repeater modules. 38. A passively cooled repeater housing for use in a telecommunication network's wire transmission local loop outside plant to house a plurality of standardized repeater modules that generate waste heat, the repeater housing comprising: an environmental enclosure including a sidewall and a cover, wherein the cover is sealable to the sidewall and wherein the cover is removable to provide field replaceable, plug-in access to the repeater modules and to the voltage protector assemblies; a plurality of repeater connectors which electrically connect to the plurality of repeater modules when the plurality of repeater modules are mounted within the environmental enclosure; and a plurality of voltage protector assembly connectors which electrically connect to the plurality of voltage protector assembly when the plurality of voltage protector assembly are mounted within the environmental enclosure; wherein when the cover is removed from the sidewall, at least one of the plurality of voltage protector assemblies is removeable from its respective voltage protector assembly connector while a repeater module protected by the voltage protector assembly is electrically connected to its corresponding repeater connector. 39. The repeater housing of claim 38, wherein the repeater housing further comprises at least one thermal sleeve mounted within the environmental enclosure and which mounts at least one of the repeater modules. 40. The repeater housing of claim 38, wherein the at least one thermal sleeve further comprises: a thermal collection element that forms a thermal interface with at least one repeater module in order to collect waste heat from the repeater module; a thermal distribution element having at least one surface placed in close proximity to the sidewall and having a shape that conforms to a portion of an inner surface of the sidewall to distribute waste heat over the sidewall and transfer the waste heat through the sidewall to the surrounding ambient air; and a thermal transfer element providing thermal conduction from the collection element to the distribution element. 41. The repeater housing of claim 38, wherein at least one voltage protector assembly further comprises an electrical test mechanism positioned on the at least one voltage protector assembly to be directly accessible when the cover is removed from the sidewall. 42. The repeater housing of claim 41, wherein the electrical test mechanism mounted on the at least one voltage protector assembly includes an electrical test jack. 43. The repeater housing of claim 38, wherein the at least one voltage protector assembly further comprises an indicator light positioned on the at least one voltage protector assembly to be directly accessible when the cover is removed from the sidewall. 44. The repeater housing of claim 38, wherein the at least one voltage protector assembly includes a printed circuit board and at least one voltage protector element mounted on the printed circuit board. 45. A passively cooled repeater housing for use in a telecommunication network's wire transmission local loop outside plant to house a plurality of standardized repeater modules that generate waste heat, the repeater housing comprising: a cylindrical environmental enclosure including a sidewall and a cover, wherein the cover is sealable to the sidewall, wherein the area of the sidewall exterior surface is expanded relative to the corresponding surface area of a smooth cylinder of the same size in order to increase the area available to dissipate heat from the sidewall exterior surface to the surrounding ambient air, and wherein the cover is removable to provide field replaceable, plug-in access to the repeater modules; a plurality of thermal sleeves mounted within the environmental enclosure and which mount the plurality of repeater modules, wherein each of the plurality of thermal sleeves comprises: a thermal collection element that forms a thermal interface with at least one repeater module in order to collect waste heat from the repeater module; a thermal distribution element having at least one surface placed in close proximity to the sidewall and having a shape that conforms to a portion of an inner surface of the sidewall to distribute waste heat over the sidewall and transfer the waste heat through the sidewall to the surrounding ambient air; and a thermal transfer element providing thermal conduction from the collection element to the distribution element. 46. The repeater housing of claim 45, wherein the environmental enclosure sidewall exterior surface includes a plurality of fins to increase its surface area. 47. The repeater housing of claim 46, wherein the plurality of fins of the sidewall exterior surface include axial fins. 48. The repeater housing of claim 46, wherein the plurality of fins of the sidewall exterior surface include circumferential fins. 49. The repeater housing of claim 46, wherein the plurality of fins of the sidewall exterior surface include fins fastened to the sidewall exterior surface. 50. The repeater housing of claim 49, wherein the plurality of fins of the sidewall exterior surface include fins fastened to the sidewall exterior surface by a process including spot welding. 51. The repeater housing of claim 46, wherein the sidewall of the environmental enclosure is corrugated to form a plurality of fins. 52. The repeater housing of claim 51, wherein the thermal distribution elements of the plurality of thermal sleeves form corrugations which are shaped and positioned to provide close thermal contact with the environmental enclosure sidewall corrugations, to distribute waste heat over the sidewall corrugations and transfer the waste heat through the sidewall corrugations to the surrounding ambient air. 53. The repeater housing of claim 46, wherein the sidewall of the environmental enclosure is convoluted to form a plurality of fins. 54. The repeater housing of claim 53, wherein the thermal distribution elements of the plurality of thermal sleeves form convolutions which are shaped and positioned to provide close thermal contact with the environmental enclosure sidewall convolutions, to distribute waste heat over the sidewall convolutions and transfer the waste heat through the sidewall convolutions to the surrounding ambient air. 55. The repeater housing of claim 46, and further including a solar shield around the plurality of fins. 56. The repeater housing of claim 55, wherein the solar shield is fastened to the plurality of fins with a process that includes spot welding. 57. The repeater housing of claim 45, wherein the thermal collection element, the thermal transfer element and the thermal distribution element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves are each separate physical elements. 58. The repeater housing of claim 45, wherein the thermal collection element and the thermal distribution element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves are physically separated one from the other. 59. The repeater housing of claim 45, wherein two or more of the thermal collection element, the thermal transfer element and the thermal distribution element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves are integrally formed into a single physical unit. 60. The repeater housing of claim 45, wherein the thermal collection element, the thermal transfer element and the thermal distribution element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves are integrally formed from a single piece of aluminum extrusion. 61. The repeater housing of claim 45, wherein the thermal collection element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves is in thermal contact with a major portion of a surface area of a corresponding repeater module. 62. The repeater housing of claim 45, wherein the thermal collection element of at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves forms the thermal interface with a corresponding repeater module over less than a full surface area of the repeater module. 63. The repeater housing of claim 45, wherein at least one of the plurality of thermal sleeves is configured to mount, one at a time, both of at least two standardized sizes of repeater modules. 