An electrical switch and a method of generating an electrical switch output signal. An electric switch senses both pressure placed upon the switch's surface and the contact of the object exerting the pressure on the switch. When both conditions exist, the switch is activated. The electrical switch may employ a piezoelectric element to recognize the application of pressure, a capacitive sensing circuit to recognize the presence of an object applying the pressure, and a microcontroller circuit to control output switch circuity upon satisfaction of both conditions precedent. The electrical switch can be configured to provide a continuous output signal for the duration that the switch is pressed after the conditions are satisfied or to switch between open and closed states each time the switch is pressed after the conditions are satisfied.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electrical switch comprising: a switch actuation surface adapted to receive an object pressed thereagainst; pressure sensing means for sensing the condition of an object being pressed against said switch actuation surface; pressure sensing signal means for generating a pressure sensing electrical signal in response to said pressure sensing means sensing said pressed against condition; presence sensing means for sensing the presence of said object in the vicinity of said switch actuation surface; presence sensing signal means for generating a presence sensing electrical signal in response to said presence sensing means sensing the presence of said object in the vicinity of said switch actuation surface; determining means responsive to both said pressure sensing signal means and to said presence sensing signal means for determining whether said pressure sensing electrical signal is generated within a predetermined time interval of which said presence sensing electrical signal is generated; and means responsive to said determining means for generating an electric switch output signal if said determining means determines that said pressure sensing signal is generated within said predetermined time interval. 2. An electrical switch according to claim 1 wherein said pressure sensing means includes a piezoelectric element. 3. An electrical switch according to claim 1 wherein said presence sensing means includes a photovoltaic cell in which a light beam is interrupted by said object. 4. An electrical switch according to claim 3 wherein said presence sensing means includes an electrically conductive medium and capacitive sensing means for sensing a capacitive change in said conductive medium. 5. An electrical switch according to claim 4 wherein said switch actuation surface includes said conductive medium. 6. An electrical switch according to claim 5 wherein said pressure sensing means includes a piezoelectric element. 7. An electrical switch according to claim 4 wherein said pressure sensing means includes a piezoelectric element. 8. An electrical switch according to claim 3 wherein said pressure sensing means includes a piezoelectric element. 9. An electrical switch according to claim 1 wherein said determining means determines whether said pressure sensing electrical signal is generated within a predetermined time interval after said pressure sensing signal is generated. 10. An electrical switch comprising: an electrically conductive casing, at least one piezoelectric element, a microcontroller, whereby said casing supports said piezoelectric element, whereby said microcontroller is electrically connected to said casing to sense a change in said casing's capacitance above a predetermined threshold caused by contact with a conductive object, whereby said microcontroller is electrically connected to said piezoelectric element to sense a change in said piezoelectric element's voltage caused by pressure applied to said piezoelectric element, whereby said microcontroller opens or closes said electrical switch in response to sensing a change in said casing's capacitance above a predetermined threshold and sensing a change in said piezoelectric element's voltage. 11. An electrical switch according to claim 10 wherein said microcontroller includes a timer for monitoring time of a preselected duration whereby if said microcontroller senses a change in said casing's capacitance above a predetermined threshold said microcontroller initiates said timer and if said microcontroller senses a change in said piezoelectric element's voltage prior to the expiration of said predetermined timer duration, said microcontroller opens or closes said electrical switch. 12. An electrical switch according to claim 10 wherein said microcontroller produces an output pulse of a predetermined duration when said microcontroller opens or closes said electrical switch in response to sensing a change in said casing's capacitance above a predetermined threshold and sensing a change in said piezoelectric element's voltage. 13. An electrical switch according to claim 10 wherein said timer's preselected duration is between 0.1 and 2.5 seconds. 14. An electrical switch according to claim 10 wherein said piezoelectric element is electronically connected to said microcontroller by a flexible leadless connector. 15. An electrical switch according to claim 10 wherein said microcontroller is mounted within said casing. 16. An electrical switch according to claim 10 possessing internal power supply circuitry. 17. An electrical switch according to claim 10 which provides switch closure for the duration that pressure is provided to said piezoelectric element and an object is in contact with said casing. 18. An electrical switch according to claim 10 which alternates between switch closure and opening each instance pressure is provided to said piezoelectric element and an object is in contact with said casing. 19. An electrical switch, comprising: a cylindrical electrically conductive casing with a length, two opposing open distal ends, an exterior surface and an interior chamber formed from said interior surface; a flexible cap mounted over one of said distal open ends with a surface accessible to pressure input and a second inner surface opposite said first surface facing said interior of said chamber; a support frame mounted within said interior of said chamber in contact with said cap's second inner surface; at least one piezoelectric element mounted in said support frame within said interior of said chamber with a contact surface to receive transmitted pressure input from said cap and an opposing voltage transmission surface; piezoelectric signal conditioning circuitry mounted within said interior of said chamber and electrically connected to said piezoelectric element's voltage transmission surface; capacitive sensing circuitry mounted within said interior of said chamber; power supply circuitry mounted within said interior of said chamber; a microcontroller mounted within said interior of said chamber electrically connected to said piezoelectric signal conditioning circuitry and electrically connected to said capacitive sensing circuitry and driven by said power supply circuitry; switch circuitry mounted within said interior of said chamber electrically connected to and controlled by said microcontroller outputs; interface terminals electrically connected to said switch circuitry and extending through said second distal end of said electrically conductive casing to said exterior of said electrically conductive casing. 20. An electrical switch according to claim 19 wherein said cap is incorporated into said electrically conductive casing. 21. An electrical switch according to claim 19 wherein said piezoelectric element's voltage transmission surface is electronically connected to said microcontroller by a flexible leadless connector. 22. An electrical switch according to claim 19 wherein said microcontroller, capacitive sensing circuitry, and switch circuitry are mounted on at least one printed circuit board. 23. An electrical switch according to claim 19 which provides switch closure for the duration that pressure is provided to said piezoelectric element and an object is in contact with said casing. 24. An electrical switch according to claim 19 which alternates between switch closure and opening each instance that pressure is provided to said piezoelectric element and an object is in contact with said casing. 25. An electrical switch comprising: an electrically conductive casing; pressure input sensing means for generation of a pressure presence signal when pressure is exerted on the exterior of said electrically conductive casing; proximity detecting means for generation of a contact signal when an object comes into contact with the exterior of said electrically conductive casing; detection means for acknowledging concurrent existence of said pressure presence signal and said contact signal; control means being responsive to said detection means and operative to provide switch opening or closure. 26. An electrical switch according to claim 25 wherein said control means provides switch closure for the duration of the existence of said pressure presence signal and said contact signal. 27. An electrical switch according to claim 25 wherein said control means alternates between switch opening and closure upon each individual instance that said pressure presence signal and said contact signal concurrently exist. 28. An electrical switch according to claim 25 wherein said pressure input sensing means comprises a piezoelectric element. 29. A method of opening and closing an electrical switch comprising the steps of: (a) sensing the input of pressure on an electrical switch; (b) sensing the presence of an object in contact with an electrical switch; (c) sensing whether electrical switch is closed; (d) opening the electrical switch if the electrical switch is closed and pressure was applied concurrently with an object contacting the electrical switch; (e) closing the electrical switch if the electrical switch is open and pressure was applied concurrently with an object contacting the electrical switch. 30. The method of claim 29 wherein step (b) occurs prior to step (a). 31. The method of claim 29 wherein step (a) and step (b) occur simultaneously. 32. A method of opening or closing an electrical switch comprising the steps of: (a) sensing the input of pressure on an electrical switch; (b) sensing the presence of an object in contact with an electrical switch; (c) closing the electrical switch if pressure was applied concurrently with an object contacting the electric switch; (d) monitoring the continual contact of the object in contact with the electrical switch; (e) opening the electrical switch when the object in contact with the electrical switch is removed. 33. The method of claim 32 wherein step (b) occurs prior to step (a). 34. The method of claim 32 wherein step (a) and step (b) occur simultaneously. 