A geodome tower reflector for a beam down optics solar power system has three equidistantly spaced tower assemblies. A geodome reflector assembly is movably mounted to the plurality of tower assemblies for vertical movement along the plurality of tower assemblies. The geodome reflector assembly has a facet support structure. The facet support has a plurality of rigid frames to which facets are mounted. Each facet has a downwardly facing mirror for reflecting light from a heliostat to a receiver of the beam down optics solar power system.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A geodome tower reflector for a beam down optics solar power system, comprising: (a) a plurality of tower assemblies; (b) a geodome reflector frame movably mounted to the plurality of tower assemblies for vertical movement along the plurality of tower assemblies; (c) a geodome reflector assembly mounted within the frame and having a facet support structure, wherein the facet support structure includes a plurality of rigid frames; (d) a plurality of facets mounted to the facet support structure in tension whereby a load applied to the facet support structure is transferred from the facet support structure to the frame, said plurality of facets having a downwardly facing mirror for reflecting light from a heliostat to a receiver of the beam down optics solar power system. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the plurality of tower assemblies are prefabricated in sections for assembly on location and the geodome reflector assembly is comprised of parts that can be assembled together on location to form the geodome reflector assembly. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the plurality of tower assemblies comprise three equidistantly spaced tower assemblies, each tower assembly including at least one vertical extending guide rail receiving a guide shoe mounted to the geodome reflector frame that moves vertically along the guide rail. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein each tower assembly includes a hoist cable coupled to the guide shoe on one end and to a hoist mechanism on the opposite end, for raising and lowering the guide shoes that are mounted to the geodome reflector frame. 5. The apparatus of claim 3 further including a spreader assembly that spans tops of the tower assemblies and is secured to the tower assemblies, the apparatus further including a plurality of guy wires attached at one end to guy wire anchors and at other ends to individual tower assemblies, the spreader assembly and guy wires stabilizing the tower assemblies. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein the spreader assembly comprises three spreader trusses, each spreader truss extending between two tower assemblies so that each tower assembly is connected to the other tower assemblies by one of the spreader trusses, the spreader assembly further including three radial trusses that extend from a center of each spreader truss to a center of the spreader assembly where the radial trusses are joined together. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the facet support structure is mounted to the frame by a plurality of clevis assemblies, each clevis assembly affixed to the facet support structure and the frame and extending therebetween. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the facet support structure includes a plurality of rigid triangular frames having facets mounted thereto, each facet having a mirror that faces downwardly when the facet is affixed to one of the triangular frames of the facet support structure. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein the triangular frames are adjustable in orientation with respect to each other. 10. The apparatus of claim 9 wherein the triangular frames are comprised of rigid rods secured at their ends and to ends of rigid rods of adjacent triangular rods by strut end mounting structures, the strut end mounting structures including facet mounting spools to which the facets are mounted. 11. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the plurality of tower assemblies comprise three equidistantly spaced tower assemblies, the apparatus further including a spreader assembly that spans tops of the tower assemblies and is secured to the tower assemblies, the apparatus including a digital radiometer optical alignment system having a digital radiometer camera mounted to spreader assembly at the center of the spreader assembly and aimed downwardly at the geodome reflector assembly, the facets having an aiming mirror affixed to a top surface thereof, the aiming mirrors and the digital infrared radiometer alignment system used to align the facets of the geodome reflector assembly. 12. A geodome tower reflector for a beam down optics solar power system, comprising: (a) three equidistantly spaced tower assemblies, each tower assembly having a vertically extending guide rail that receives a guide shoe mounted to the geodome reflector assembly that moves vertically along the guide rail; (b) a spreader assembly that spans tops of the tower assemblies and is secured to the tower assemblies to assist in stabilizing the tower assemblies; (c) the guide shoes coupled to a hoist mechanism that raises and lowers the guide shoes along their respective guide rails to raise and lower the geodome reflector assembly; and (d) the geodome reflector assembly having a facet support structure mounted in tension to a frame that surrounds the facet support structure so that loads are transferred from the facet support structure to the frame, and from the frame through the guide shoes to the tower assemblies, the facet support structure including a plurality of rigid frames to which facets are mounted, each facet having a downwardly facing mirror for reflecting light from a heliostat to a receiver of the beam down optics solar power system. 13. The apparatus of claim 12 wherein the facet support structure is mounted to the frame by a plurality of clevis assemblies, each clevis assembly affixed to the facet support structure and the frame and extending therebetween, the facet support structure including a plurality of rigid triangular frames having the facets mounted thereto. 14. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein the triangular frames are adjustable in orientation with respect to each other and are adjusted so that the geodome reflector assembly is hyperbolic in shape opening concavely upwardly. 