An electrical distribution system includes a communications network; a transmission circuit; a plurality of distribution feeder circuits; at least one monitoring device; and a plurality of substations. Each monitoring device is associated with an operating parameter of the transmission circuit or one of the distribution feeder circuits. Each of the substations is electrically connected between the transmission circuit and at least one of the distribution feeder circuits. Each substation includes at least one controllable device and a control unit. The control unit at each substation includes a communications device and a processing circuit. The communications device is independently coupled with the communications network for providing data to and receiving data from the communications network. The processing circuit is coupled with the communications device and at least one monitoring device. The processing circuit at least intermittently receives an output signal from the monitoring device and at least intermittently transmits an output signal to the communications network via the communications device. The processing circuit is configured to control operation of at least one controllable device at the corresponding substation. Additionally, the processing circuit is configured to control operation of at least one controllable device at a remote substation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electrical distribution system, comprising: a communications network; a weather station coupled with said communications network, said weather station providing data to said communications network relating to at least one of: ambient temperature; wind speed; wind direction; relative humidity; barometric pressure; solar radiation; and precipitation; a transmission circuit; a plurality of distribution feeder circuits; at least one monitoring device, each said monitoring device associated with an operating parameter of one of said transmission circuit and one of said distribution feeder circuits; and a plurality of substations, each said substation being electrically connected between said transmission circuit and at least one of said distribution feeder circuits, each said substation including at least one controllable device and a control unit, said control unit including: a communications device independently coupled with said communications network for providing data to and receiving data from said communications network; and a processing circuit coupled with said communications device and at least one said monitoring device, said processing circuit at least intermittently receiving an output signal from said at least one monitoring device and at least intermittently transmitting an output signal to said communications network via said communications device, said processing circuit being configured to control operation of at least one said controllable device at said corresponding substation, and to control operation of at least one said controllable device at another said substation, said processing circuit being utilizing said data from said weather station to calculate a transmission capacity of at least one of said transmission circuit and said plurality of distribution feeder circuits. 2. The electrical distribution system of claim 1, wherein said processing circuit is configured to output an alarm signal when a transmission capacity of said associated distribution feeder circuit is exceeded. 3. The electrical distribution system of claim 2, wherein said processing circuit is configured to control operation of at least one said controllable device at said corresponding substation or said another substation dependent upon said data from said weather station. 4. The electrical distribution system of claim 1, further comprising a geographic information system coupled with said communications network, said geographic information system providing data to said communications network relating to at least one of: locations of said controllable devices associated with at least one said substation; and specific types of said controllable devices associated with at least one said substation. 5. The electrical distribution system of claim 1, further comprising a customer information system coupled with said communications network, said customer information system providing data to said communications network relating to at least one of: status of a power outage condition; and rate information. 6. The electrical distribution system of claim 5, further comprising a customer interface providing access to said data from said customer information system. 7. The electrical distribution system of claim 6, wherein said customer interface comprises a modem connected to a global computer network. 8. The electrical distribution system of claim 1, wherein at least one said monitoring device at each said substation is configured to detect a fault condition and provide a fault output signal to said communications network, and wherein each said processing circuit is configured to determine an approximate fault location using said fault output signal. 9. The electrical distribution system of claim 1, wherein each said control unit further comprises a graphical user interface. 10. The electrical distribution system of claim 9, wherein said processing circuit displays graphical information on said graphical user interface corresponding to at least one of: location of a cause of a power outage condition; location of at least one controllable device within at least one said distribution feeder circuit; and graphical illustration of other electrical devices within at least one said distribution feeder circuit. 11. The electrical distribution system of claim 1, wherein at least one said monitoring device comprises an intelligent electronic device. 12. The electrical distribution system of claim 11, wherein said intelligent electronic device comprises one of a power outage monitor and a meter. 13. The electrical distribution system of claim 1, wherein each said controllable device comprises one of: a circuit breaker; a capacitor bank; a relay; and a switch. 14. The electrical distribution system of claim 1, wherein each said monitoring device outputs a plurality of signals to said communications network, and wherein each said control unit comprises a long term memory for storing said plurality of signals. 15. The electrical distribution system of claim 14, wherein said plurality of signals stored in said long term memory are time stamped. 16. The electrical distribution system of claim 1, wherein said communications network comprises a wide area network. 17. A utility supply system, comprising: a communications network; a utility supply circuit; a plurality of distribution feeder circuits; at least one monitoring device, each said monitoring device associated with an operating parameter of one of said utility supply circuit and one of said distribution feeder circuits; a plurality of remote stations, each said remote station being electrically connected between said utility supply circuit and at least one of said distribution feeder circuits, each said remote station including at least one controllable device and a control unit, said control unit including: a communications device independently coupled with said communications network for providing data to and receiving data from said communications network; and a processing circuit coupled with said communications device and at least one said monitoring device, said processing circuit at least intermittently receiving an output signal from said at least one monitoring device and at least intermittently transmitting an output signal to said communications network via said communications device, said processing circuit being configured to control operation of at least one said controllable device at said corresponding remote station, and to control operation of at least one said controllable device at another said remote station; a geographic information system coupled with said communications network, said geographic information system providing data to said communications network relating to at least one of: locations of said controllable devices associated with at least one said remote station; and specific types of said controllable devices associated with at least one said remote station; and a customer information system coupled with said communications network, said customer information system providing data to said communications network relating to at least one of: status of a power outage condition; and rate information; said customer information system being coupled to the internet providing thereto graphical indications of geographical regions of the utility supply system from said geographic information system and operational status of the utility supply system. 18. The utility supply system of claim 17, wherein said utility supply system comprises an electrical distribution system, said utility supply circuit comprises an electrical transmission circuit, and each said remote station comprises a remote substation. 19. A method of distributing electrical power in an electrical distribution system, said method comprising the steps of: providing a communications network; coupling a weather station with said communications network, said weather station providing data to said communications network relating to at least one of: ambient temperature; wind speed; wind direction; relative humidity; barometric pressure; solar radiation; and precipitation; providing a transmission circuit and a plurality of distribution feeder circuits; monitoring an operating parameter with at least one monitoring device, each said monitoring device being associated with one of said transmission circuit and one of said distribution feeder circuits; electrically connecting a first substation and a second substation between said transmission circuit and a respective said distribution feeder circuit, said first substation and said second substation each including at least one controllable device and a control unit, said control unit including: a communications device independently coupled with said communications network for providing data to and receiving data from said communications network; and a processing circuit coupled with said communications device and at least one said monitoring device; at least intermittently receiving an output signal at said processing circuit at said first substation from at least one said monitoring device; at least intermittently transmitting an output signal from said processing circuit at said first substation to said communications network via said corresponding communications device; controlling operation of at least one said controllable device at said first substation using said processing circuit at said first substation; controlling operation of at least one said controllable device at said second substation using said processing circuit at said first substations; determining a transmission capacity of at least one of said transmission circuit and at least one of said distribution feeder circuits using one said processing circuit and said data from said weather station; and outputting an alarm signal when said transmission capacity is exceeded. 20. The method of claim 19, further including the step of coupling a geographic information system with said communications network, said geographic information system providing data to said communications network relating to at least one of: locations of said controllable devices associated with at least one said substation; and specific types of said controllable devices associated with at least one said substation. 21. The method of claim 19, including the further steps of: coupling a customer information system with said communications network, said customer information system providing data to said communications network relating to at least one of status of a power outage condition, and rate information; and accessing said data from said customer information system using a customer interface. 22. The method of claim 19, including the further steps of: outputting a fault output signal corresponding to a fault condition in at least one said distribution feeder circuit to said communications network from at least one said monitoring device; and determining an approximate fault location using said processing circuit at said first substation dependent upon said fault output signal. 23. The method of claim 19, including the further steps of: providing a graphical user interface; and displaying graphical information on said graphical user interface corresponding to at least one of: location of a cause of a power outage condition; location of at least one controllable device within at least one said distribution feeder circuit; and graphical illustration of other electrical devices within at least one said distribution feeder circuit. 