Residue contaminates semiconductor devices during processing in a furnace. Residue contamination is prevented by removing the residue before it builds up to a point where it can contaminate semiconductor devices. Residue build-up is monitored using a residue build-up monitoring device mounted on the furnace exhaust stack. When residue build-up reaches a predetermined level a signal is generated by the residue build-up monitoring device notifying technicians that furnace cleaning is required.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of preventing residue contamination of semiconductor devices during processing in a solder reflow furnace comprising: conveying at least one semiconductor device through a solder reflow furnace, said furnace comprising an exhaust stack; flowing a gas through the furnace, wherein at least some of said gas exits the furnace through the exhaust stack; monitoring residue build-up in the furnace exhaust stack, wherein residue build-up is monitored using a light emitter and light sensor by directing light emitted from the emitter through the exhaust stack to the sensor; and generating a signal when the amount of residue build-up reaches a predetermined amount. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising removing residue build-up from the furnace in response to the generation of the signal. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein said removing residue build-up comprises heating the furnace to a temperature sufficient for volatilizing the residue build-up in the furnace. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the furnace is heated to a temperature of about 500.degree. C. to about 1,000.degree. C. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the light emitter comprises a light source selected from the group consisting of infrared, visible, and ultraviolet light sources. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the light emitter and sensor are mounted on the external wall of the exhaust stack, with a plurality of windows provided in the exhaust stack that allow light emitted by the light emitter to pass through the exhaust stack. 7. A method of preventing residue contamination of semiconductor devices during processing in a furnace comprising: conveying at least one semiconductor device through a furnace, said furnace comprising an exhaust stack; flowing a gas through the furnace, wherein at least some of said gas exits the furnace through the exhaust stack; monitoring residue build-up in the furnace exhaust stack, wherein residue build-up is monitored using a light emitter and light sensor by directing light emitted from the emitter through the exhaust stack to the sensor; and generating a signal when the amount of residue build-up reaches a predetermined amount, wherein the residue is a flux residue. 8. A solder reflow furnace comprising: at least one heating element for heating the furnace; a conveyor for conveying semiconductor devices through the furnace; an exhaust stack for venting gases from the furnace; a device for monitoring residue build-up in the furnace exhaust stack attached to the exhaust stack, wherein the device for monitoring residue build-up comprises a light emitter and a light sensor. 9. The furnace of claim 9, wherein the light emitter comprises a light source selected from the group consisting of infrared, visible, and ultraviolet light sources. 10. The furnace of claim 9, wherein the light source is selected from the group consisting of hydrogen and deuterium discharge lamps, incandescent filament lamps, Nernst glowers, Globars, Nichrome wire coils, cartridge heaters, light emitting diodes, high-pressure mercury arc lamps, low-pressure mercury-vapor lamps, and xenon arc lamps. 11. The furnace of claim 8, wherein the device for monitoring residue build-up comprises a plurality of windows to allow light emitted by the light emitter to pass through the exhaust stack and to be detected by the light sensor. 12. The furnace of claim 11, wherein the light emitter and light sensor are mounted on opposing sides of the exhaust stack. 13. A furnace comprising: at least one heating element for heating the furnace; a conveyor for conveying semiconductor devices through the furnace; an exhaust stack for venting gases from the furnace; a device for monitoring residue build-up in the furnace exhaust stack attached to the exhaust stack, wherein the device for monitoring residue build-up comprises a light emitter and a light sensor, wherein the light emitter and the light sensor are located adjacent to each other and the device further comprises a reflector, mounted on an opposing side of the exhaust stack to the light emitter and light sensor, wherein said reflector reflects light emitted by the emitter back across the exhaust stack towards the sensor. 14. The furnace of claim 11, wherein the light emitter further comprises a filter that allows selected wavelengths of light to pass through the exhaust stack. 15. The furnace of claim 8, wherein the light sensor is selected from the group consisting of photovoltaic cells, photomultipliers, thermistors, thermocouples, thermopiles, Golay cells, and pyroelectric detectors. 16. The furnace of claim 8, wherein the device further comprises a microprocessor, a device for inputting data to the microprocessor, and a display for outputting residue build-up data and alarms. 17. A furnace comprising: at least one heating element for heating the furnace; a conveyor for conveying semiconductor devices through the furnace; an exhaust stack for venting gases from the furnace; a device for monitoring residue build-up in the furnace exhaust stack attached to the exhaust stack, wherein the device for monitoring residue build-up comprises a light emitter and a light sensor, and wherein the residue is a flux residue. 18. The furnace of claim 13, wherein the device for monitoring residue build-up comprises a plurality of windows to allow light emitted by the light emitter to pass through the exhaust stack and to be detected by the light sensor. 