An indicating plate for a timepiece is provided which is so structured as to prevent viewing of the solar cell and other items arranged thereunder through the indicating plate, which permits the same design expression as realized by the conventional metallic indicating plate and extensively increases a design variation inclusive of a ton (delicate hue) and pattern with superior-quality appearance and which has an excellent appearance quality to thereby ensure and enhance commercial value. The indicating plate for the timepiece is a timepiece indicating plate arranged on the front surface side of a solar cell housed in a timepiece. The timepiece indicating plate comprises a resin substrate through which light can be transmitted and metallic thin film layer coating formed on at least one side of the resin substrate by dry plating. The timepiece indicating plate not only is capable of preventing viewing of the solar cell from outside thereof through the timepiece indicating plate but also has a light transmission at least sufficient to cause the solar cell housed under the timepiece indicating plate to generate power.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An indicating plate for a timepiece to be arranged on a front surface side of a solar cell housed in a timepiece, said timepiece indicating plate comprising a resin substrate through which light can be transmitted and a metallic thin film layer coating formed on at least one side of the resin substrate by dry plating, said timepiece indicating plate being capable of preventing viewing of the solar cell from outside thereof through the timepiece indicating plate and having a light transmission at least sufficient to cause the solar cell housed under the timepiece indicating plate to generate power. 2. The timepiece indicating plate as claimed in claim 1, wherein the metallic thin film layer coating has a thickness of 100 to 500 .ANG.. 3. The timepiece indicating plate as claimed in claim 1, wherein the metallic thin film layer coating consists of a single metallic thin film layer. 4. The timepiece indicating plate as claimed in claim 1, wherein the metallic thin film layer coating is a multilayer coating consisting of at least two metallic thin film layers. 5. The timepiece indicating plate as claimed in claim 1, wherein the metallic thin film layer coating has a portion partially cut off. 6. The timepiece indicating plate as claimed in claim 1, wherein the metallic thin film layer coating is composed of one metal selected from the group consisting of Au, Ag, Al, Cu, Co, Cr, Fe, In, Ni, Pd, Pt, Rh, Sn and Ti or an alloy of at least two metals selected from said group. 7. The timepiece indicating plate as claimed in claim 6, wherein the metallic thin film layer coating consists of a film of any of a nitride, an oxide and a carbide of said metal or alloy, or consists of a composite of such films. 8. The timepiece indicating plate as claimed in claim 1, wherein the resin substrate has at least one side thereof at least partially furnished with an irregularity pattern. 9. The timepiece indicating plate as claimed in claim 1, wherein the resin substrate is composed of a transparent resin or a colored resin. 10. The timepiece indicating plate as claimed in claim 1, wherein the resin substrate is composed of a polycarbonate resin, an acrylic resin, a polyacetal resin, an ABS resin, a polyethylene resin, a polypropylene resin, a polystyrene resin or a polyethylene terephthalate resin. 11. The timepiece indicating plate as claimed in claim 1, wherein the resin substrate is composed of a polymer alloy consisting of a combination of at least two resins selected from among a polycarbonate resin, an acrylic resin, a polyacetal resin, an ABS resin, a polyethylene resin, a polypropylene resin, a polystyrene resin and a polyethylene terephthalate resin. 12. The timepiece indicating plate as claimed in claim 1, wherein the resin substrate has its surface furnished with protrudent portions by embossing. 13. The timepiece indicating plate as claimed in claim 1, wherein the metallic thin film layer coating has its upper surface covered with a surface protective layer. 14. The timepiece indicating plate as claimed in claim 13, wherein the surface protective layer is prepared from a synthetic resin based paint or ink. 15. The timepiece indicating platelas claimed in claim 14, wherein the paint or ink comprises an acrylic resin, a urethane resin, an alkyd resin, an epoxy resin or a mixture thereof. 16. The timepiece indicating plate as claimed in claim 13, wherein the surface protective layer is composed of a synthetic resin film. 17. The timepiece indicating plate as claimed in claim 13, wherein the surface protective layer is composed of a metal oxide coating film. 18. The timepiece indicating plate as claimed in claim 13, wherein the surface protective layer is composed of a chromated coating film. 19. The timepiece indicating plate as claimed in claim 1, wherein the light transmission of the timepiece indicating plate is in the range of 10 to 50%. 20. The timepiece indicating plate as claimed in claim 1, wherein a marking by printing is formed on an upper surface of the timepiece indicating plate. 21. The timepiece indicating plate as claimed in claim 1, wherein a character or other marking member is bonded onto an upper surface of the timepiece indicating plate. 22. The timepiece indicating plate as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a means for mounting the timepiece indicating plate on a timepiece frame. 23. A process for producing an indicating plate for a timepiece to be arranged on a front surface side of a solar cell housed in a timepiece, said timepiece indicating plate comprising a resin substrate through which light can be transmitted and a metalic thin film layer coating formed on at least one side of the resin substrate, which process comprises the steps of: conducting an injection molding of a resin to prepare a resin substrate; and forming a metallic thin film layer coating on at least one side of the resin substrate by dry plating; wherein said timepiece indicating plate is capable of preventing viewing of the solar cell from outside therof through the timepiece plate and also having a light transmission at least sufficient to cause the solar cell housed under the timepiece indicating plate to generate power. 24. The process as claimed in claim 23, wherein the dry plating is vacuum deposition, ion plating or sputtering. 25. The process as claimed in claim 23, wherein the metallic thin film layer coating formed by the dry plating has a thickness of 100 to 500 .ANG.. 26. The process as claimed in claim 23, wherein the injection molding is performed with the use of a metal mold having an irregularity pattern provided on its inner surface so that at least one side of the resin substrate is at least partially furnished with the irregularity pattern. 27. The process as claimed in claim 23, wherein cleaning of the resin substrate on its surfaces is performed prior to the step of forming the metallic thin film layer coating. 28. The process as claimed in claim 27, wherein the cleaning is performed by ion bombardment. 29. The process as claimed in claim 27, wherein the cleaning is performed by heating. 30. The process as claimed in claim 23, wherein the step of forming the metallic thin film layer coating includes masking and etching conducted to form a metallic thin film layer having partially cut off portion. 31. The process as claimed in claim 23, wherein embossing of the resin substrate so as to furnish its surface with protrudent portions is performed prior to the step of forming the metallic thin film layer coating. 32. The process as claimed in claim 23, further comprising forming a surface protective layer on an upper surface of the metallic thin film layer coating. 33. The process as claimed in claim 32, wherein the surface protective layer is formed from a synthetic resin based paint or ink. 34. The process as claimed in claim 33, wherein the paint or ink is prepared from an acrylic resin, a urethane resin, an alkyd resin, an epoxy resin or a mixture thereof. 35. The process as claimed in claim 32, wherein the surface protective layer is formed of a synthetic resin film. 36. The process as claimed in claim 32, wherein the surface protective layer is formed of a metal oxide coating film. 37. The process as claimed in claim 32, wherein the surface protective layer is formed of a chromated coating film. 38. The process as claimed in claim 23, further comprising attaching a marking or a time character or other marking member onto an upper surface of the timepiece indicating plate by printing to thereby finish the timepiece indicating plate. 39. The process as claimed in claim 23, wherein, in the injection molding, step the timepiece indicating plate is fitted with means for mounting the timepiece indicating plate on a timepiece frame by monolithic molding. 