A mobile telephone or cellular phone unit and a rear view mirror housing of an automobile are combined to provide an improved phone apparatus that enables a hands-free use by a driver while operating the vehicle, the improved phone apparatus comprising a rear view mirror housing, the housing including a rearview mirror, a cellular phone means for sending and receiving phone calls, and a dialing means cooperatively connected to said cellular phone for dialing the phone; and attachment means for attaching the mirror housing to the vehicle. In one embodiment, the cellular phone and rear view mirror are combined into a unitary structure. In another embodiment, the cellular phone is removably attached to the rear view mirror housing.
Claims Having thus described the invention, what is claimed is: 1. A combined rear view mirror and telephone apparatus for a vehicle having a windshield to enable a hands-free operation of the phone by the driver of the vehicle, comprising a rear view mirror housing, said housing including a back side facing said windshield and a front side, a rearview mirror on said front side, cellular phone means for sending and receiving phone calls, and dialing means cooperatively connected to said cellular phone for dialing the phone; electrical power means in electrical communication with said cellular phone to provide electrical power to operate the cellular phone, said electrical power means comprising a battery connected to said rear view mirror housing and electrical connecting means for electrically connecting the battery to said cellular phone; a solar panel operatively connected to said battery to recharge the battery, said panel being disposed on the back side of said housing member to maximize exposure of the panel to light entering the vehicle through the windshield; and attachment means for attaching the mirror housing to the vehicle. 2. The combined rear view mirror and telephone apparatus as claimed in claim 1, further comprising adjustment means for adjusting and fixing the position of said mirror housing relative to the vehicle and to the user of the phone. 3. The combined rear view mirror and telephone apparatus as claimed in claim 1 wherein said cellular phone means is non-removably integrated into said rear view mirror housing. 4. The combined rear view mirror and telephone apparatus as claimed in claim 3 wherein said cellular phone means includes a speaker, a microphone, and an antenna, said speaker and microphone being disposed in operable hands-free relation for use by the driver. 5. The combined rear view mirror and telephone apparatus as claimed in claim 4, and further comprising fastening means for fastening the mirror housing to said windshield in juxtaposition to the driver. 6. The combined rear view mirror and telephone apparatus as claimed in claim 3, wherein said dialing means is electronically connected to a display panel to show dialed numbers before a connection signal is sent from the cellular phone. 7. The combined rear view mirror and telephone apparatus as claimed in claim 6 wherein said display panel comprises a liquid crystal display with a backlight. 8. The combined rear view mirror and telephone apparatus as claimed in claim 3 wherein said dialing means is electronically connected to an image projecting device connected to said housing, said image projecting device being adapted to project dialed numbers onto the windshield as digits are dialed. 9. The combined rear view mirror and telephone apparatus as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a phone housing, said housing being removably mounted to said rear view mirror and including said dialing means and said cellular phone means. 10. The combined rear view mirror and telephone apparatus as claimed in claim 9 wherein said phone housing includes a front face having first and second portions, said first and second portions, respectively, adapted to be covered from view and positioned for use when the phone housing is mounted to said rear view housing, and said dialing means comprises an array of number and function keys disposed horizontally and recessed in part within the first portion of said phone housing. 11. The combined rear view mirror and telephone apparatus as claimed in claim 10, further comprising attachment means for attaching said cellular phone to said rear view housing, said attachment being such that the first portion of said cellular phone is juxtaposed against the back side of said mirror housing. 12. The combined rear view mirror and telephone apparatus as claimed in claim 11, wherein said attachment means for attaching said cellular phone to said rear view mirror housing comprises at least one resilient clip sized to engage and releasably grip the housing of said cellular phone and retain said phone housing to the back of said rear view mirror housing. 13. The combined rear view mirror and telephone apparatus as claimed in claim 1 wherein said battery comprises the vehicle's battery and the electrical connecting means comprises an electrical wire connecting the vehicle battery to the cellular phone. 14. The combined rear view mirror and telephone apparatus as claimed in claim 13 wherein said battery includes a separate phone battery, which phone battery is operable independently of the vehicle's battery. 15. A cellular telephone for a motor vehicle to permit hands free operation thereof by an operator when positioned adjacent to a windshield of the vehicle, comprising a rear view mirror housing, said housing including a back side facing the vehicle windshield, a front side facing the operator, and an interior chamber, a rear view mirror for viewing upcoming traffic mounted on the front side of the housing, attachment means for attaching said mirror housing to said vehicle with the front side thereof facing said windshield, adjustment means for selectively adjusting the position of said housing and the position of said mirror for viewing by the operator, cellular phone means mounted in said chamber, said cellular phone means comprising the electrical components necessary for a mobile phone to receive, send and process incoming and outgoing phone calls, dialing means for dialing the numbers of a desired phone number, an image projecting device supported in the mirror housing to project dialed numbers onto the windshield as the digits are dialed, and an array of manually operated function keys disposed on the operator facing portion, said keys in operable association with said cellular phone means to enable the operator dial and answer the phone while monitoring the road conditions in both a forward and a rearward field of view. 16. The invention as claimed in claim 15 comprising electrical power means connected to said housing for supplying electrical power to the cellular phone means. 17. The invention as claimed in claim 16 wherein said electrical power means comprises a battery separate and apart from said housing. 18. The invention as claimed in claim 16 wherein said attachment means comprises a support bracket, said support bracket being hollow, at least in part, and adapted to mount said rear view mirror housing to the windshield of said motor vehicle in juxtaposition to said operator, said electrical power means comprises the battery of the vehicle, and further comprising electrical wiring for electrically connecting the battery to said cellular phone means, said wiring extending through said bracket and into the interior chamber of said housing. 