A method and corresponding apparatus useful for the in situ measurement of atomic hydrogen permeation into carbon steel from process streams including: (a) a positively-charged test specimen electrode consisting of a planar member of hydrogen damage-resistant steel alloy having an interior surface, the interior surface being provided with a coating of palladium, and an exterior surface that is placed in contact with the process stream; (b) a fluid-tight reservoir containing a basic liquid electrolyte solution in communication with the palladium coating of the test specimen electrode; (c) a negatively charged counter electrode positioned in the electrolyte reservoir proximate the test specimen electrode said reservoir, test specimen electrode and counter electrode constituting a probe assembly; (d) a mounting assembly for supporting and positioning said probe assembly in contact with a process stream and for receiving electrical conductors joined to said probe assembly; and (e) an electrically non-conductive isolator positioned between said mounting assembly and said probe assembly.
Claims We claim: 1. An apparatus for detecting atomic hydrogen created in a carbon steel pipeline containing a moving process stream at pressures up to 3000 psi and temperatures up to 300.degree. F., by accessing the process stream through the pipeline wall at a location having an access fitting, said apparatus comprising: (a) a probe assembly including: a fluid-tight reservoir body for containing a liquid electrolyte, a set of electrodes consisting of a test specimen electrode comprising a planar member of a metal through which atomic hydrogen can pass without being trapped, said planar member being mounted to said reservoir body and having a palladiumcoated interior surface positioned for contact with the electrolyte and an exterior surface exposed externally of said reservoir body, and a counter electrode mounted proximate the test specimen electrode to the interior of said reservoir body for contact with the electrolyte, and electrical leads having first ends attached to said test specimen electrode and said counter electrode, respectively; (b) a mounting assembly for fluid-tight coupling with the access fitting, said probe assembly being secured to said mounting assembly such that when said mounting assembly is coupled with the access fitting said probe assembly is positioned internally of the pipeline wall with said exterior surface of said test specimen electrode in contact with the process stream, wherein said mounting assembly provides access to second ends of said electrical leads externally of the pipeline wall and includes an isolator for electrically insulating said probe assembly from the pipeline wall; and (c) electrical circuitry connected to said second ends of said electrical leads for ionizing hydrogen atoms passing to the interior surface of said test specimen electrode from the process stream, wherein said electrical circuitry maintains a fixed potential between said test specimen electrode and said counter electrode, to thereby create between said test specimen electrode and said counter electrode a current flow indicative of the number of hydrogen atoms in the process stream. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the liquid electrolyte is an aqueous solution of sodium hydroxide. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the probe assembly will pass through a two-inch access fitting through which access is provided to the process stream. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein: said reservoir body is generally cylindrical with a diameter of less than two inches for passage through the opening in the access fitting; said test specimen electrode forms a distal end of the reservoir body; said mounting assembly includes a mounting arm for securing the apparatus in the access fitting; and said isolator comprising a non-conducting plastic member interposed between said mounting arm and a proximal end of said reservoir body. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein said mounting assembly includes an extension member for varying the position of the exterior surface of said test specimen electrode in the process stream. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein said extension member is detachably connected between said mounting arm and said isolator. 7. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein said isolator and said mounting arm have internal passages for said leads and said mounting assembly includes a high-pressure seal through which said leads pass from said passages to the exterior of the pipeline. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said counter electrode comprises a planar member of platinum. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said reservoir body is a made of a high-strength, nickel-based corrosion resistant alloy or a rigid polymer. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said reservoir body has an open side and said probe assembly further includes a clamp secured to said reservoir body to hold said test specimen electrode in place covering said open side of said reservoir body. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein said probe assembly further includes a cover for protecting said test specimen electrode, said cover including channels for permitting the process stream to contact said exterior surface of said test specimen electrode. 12. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein: said reservoir body is electrically conductive and said first end of one of said electrical leads is secured to said reservoir body to complete an electric circuit therebetween; said clamp holds said test specimen electrode in electrically conductive contact with said reservoir body; and said counter electrode is mounted to said first end of the other said electrical lead and said counter electrode is held in position within said reservoir body by securing said counter electrode to an orifice in said reservoir body with an electrically nonconducting adhesive. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said electrical circuitry includes a microprocessor controller for measuring the current flow between said test specimen electrode and said counter electrode. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said microprocessor controller includes a memory for storing data related to the current flow. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein said microprocessor is programmed to record and store the data over time in said memory. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein said microprocessor is programmed to record and store the data intermittently. 17. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein said memory includes a magnetic storage medium. 18. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein said memory includes a semiconductor device. 19. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein said electrical circuitry includes electronic access and computing means remote from said microprocessor controller and said microprocessor controller is programmed for periodically transferring data to said electronic access and computing means. 20. The apparatus of claim 13, further comprising a power supply for providing electrical power to said electrical circuitry, said power supply being selected from the group consisting of a solar collector, a battery and a combination of a solar collector and a battery. 