A cardiac defibrillator for discharging an electrical charge into a patient includes a device for storing mechanical energy, a generator, a capacitor, a charging circuit, a patient interface, an input device, and a control unit. The generator converts mechanical energy stored in the mechanical energy storage device into electrical energy. The charging circuit transfers the electrical energy to the capacitor, wherein the electrical energy is stored in the capacitor. The patient interface provides an electrical path for discharging the electrical energy stored in the capacitor into the patient. The input device is configured to generate a discharge signal. The control unit controls the discharge of the electrical energy into the patient in response to the discharge signal. The mechanical-to-electrical energy converter assembly can also be used to power other medical devices that conventionally run on batteries or AC power line sources.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A cardiac defibrillator for discharging an electrical charge into a patient, comprising: a mechanical energy storage device adapted to be located external to the patient; a generator coupled to the mechanical energy storage device and configured to convert mechanical energy stored in the mechanical energy storage device into electrical energy wherein the electrical energy converted by the generator from the mechanical energy stored in the mechanical energy storage device provides the electrical charge for discharging into the patient; an electrical charge storage device adapted to store the electrical energy; a charging circuit coupled to the generator and configured to transfer the electrical energy to the electrical charge storage device; a patient interface adapted to be coupled to the charging circuit and the patient and configured to provide an electrical path for discharging the electrical charge; an input device configured to generate a discharge signal; a control unit coupled to the electrical charge storage device and the input device and configured to control the discharge of the electrical charge into the patient in response to the discharge signal; wherein the electrical energy converted by the generator from the mechanical energy is stored in the electrical charge storage device so that the electrical charge is dischargeable into the patient through the patient interface upon operation of the input device. 2. The cardiac defibrillator of claim 1, wherein the mechanical energy storage device includes a spring. 3. The cardiac defibrillator of claim 2, wherein the spring is one of a coil spring, a spiral spring, and a pneumatic spring. 4. The cardiac defibrillator of claim 1, further including a mechanical input device for providing the mechanical energy to the mechanical storage device. 5. The cardiac defibrillator of claim 4, wherein the mechanical input device is one of hand-actuated and foot-actuated. 6. The cardiac defibrillator of claim 1, wherein the patient interface is adapted to be located external to the patient during discharge of the electrical charge. 7. The cardiac defibrillator of claim 1, further including a low power indicator which generates a signal when the defibrillator is low on electrical energy. 8. The cardiac defibrillator of claim 1, further including a battery configured to power the control unit. 9. The cardiac defibrillator of claim 8, further including a low power indicator coupled to the battery. 10. The cardiac defibrillator of claim 8, further including a solar cell which recharges the battery. 11. A medical device configured to interface with a patient, the medical device comprising: a mechanical energy storage device; an externally operated mechanical input device operatively coupled to the mechanical energy storage device; a generator coupled to the mechanical energy storage device and configured to convert mechanical energy stored in the mechanical energy storage device into electrical energy used to power the medical device; an electrical charge storage device adapted to store the electrical energy; wherein the electrical energy converted by the generator from the mechanical energy stored in the mechanical energy storage device and stored in the electrical charge storage device provides the electrical charge for discharging into the patient. 12. The medical device of claim 11, further comprising: an input device configured to generate a signal; and a control unit coupled to the input device and configured to control the medical device in response to the input device signal. 13. The medical device of claim 11, wherein the medical device is one of a cardiac defibrillator, an electrocardiograph, ambulatory electrocardiograph, and a transport monitor. 14. The medical device of claim 11, wherein the mechanical energy storage device includes a spring. 15. The medical device of claim 14, wherein the spring is one of a coil spring, a spiral spring, and a pneumatic spring. 16. The medical device of claim 11, wherein the device for storing mechanical energy is adapted to be located external to the patient. 17. The medical device of claim 11, wherein the mechanical input device is one of hand-actuated and foot-actuated. 18. The medical device of claim 11, further including a coupled mechanism coupling the mechanical energy storage device and the generator. 19. The medical device of claim 11, further including a low power indicator which generates a signal when the medical device is low on electrical energy. 20. The medical device of claim 12, further including a battery configured to power the control unit. 21. The medical device of claim 20, further including a low power indicator coupled to the battery. 22. The medical device of claim 20, further including a solar cell which recharges the battery. 23. A method for powering a medical device comprising the steps of: providing a mechanical energy storage device adapted to be external to a patient, a generator, an electrical energy storage device; imparting potential mechanical energy into the mechanical energy storage device adapted to be external to a patient; converting the potential mechanical energy of the mechanical energy storage device into electrical energy with the generator; storing the electrical energy in the electrical energy storage device; and powering the medical device using the electrical energy that was converted from the mechanical energy. 24. The method of claim 23, further including powering a control unit with a battery. 25. The method of claim 24, further including recharging the battery with a solar cell. 26. The method of claim 23, further including monitoring the electrical energy with a low power indicator. 27. A medical device, comprising: a power source operable external to a living body and configured to power the medical device, the power source including: means for generating mechanical energy adapted to be external to a living body; means for storing mechanical energy; means for converting the stored mechanical energy to electrical energy; means for storing the electrical energy; and means for controlling the medical device coupled to the means for converting the stored mechanical energy to electrical energy and means for storing the electrical energy; wherein the electrical energy converted by the means for converting the stored mechanical energy to electrical energy from the mechanical energy stored in the means for storing mechanical energy and stored in the means for storing electrical energy provides the electrical charge for powering the medical device. 28. The medical device of claim 27, wherein the means for converting the stored mechanical energy to electrical energy includes a generator and the means for storing mechanical energy includes a mechanical energy storage device, wherein the generator converts mechanical energy from the mechanical energy storage device into electric energy. 29. The medical device of claim 27, further including means for discharging the electrical energy and a patient interface means for providing an electrical path for the electrical energy to a patient. 30. The medical device of claim 29, further including a charging circuit coupled to the means for converting the stored mechanical energy to electrical energy, wherein the means for storing the electrical energy is coupled to the patient interface means and the charging circuit is coupled to the means for storing the electrical energy, the charging circuit being configured to transfer the electrical energy to the means for storing the electrical energy. 31. The cardiac defibrillator of claim 1, wherein the input device is configured to generate a single discharge in response to a single discharge signal. 32. The cardiac defibrillator of claim 31, wherein the single discharge signal is generated from a single manual operation of the input device. 33. The medical device of claim 12, wherein the input device is configured to generate a single discharge in response to a single discharge signal. 34. The medical device of claim 33, wherein the single discharge signal is generated from a single manual operation of the input device. 35. The medical device of claim 23, further comprising generating a single discharge of the electrical energy in response to a single manual operation of an input device. 