A simple, robust algorithm for power acquisition for power, thermal, and momentum safety for high heater-power spacecraft uses current sensors rather than sun sensors and includes a wing sun search phase, an xz slew phase, and a safe hold phase. Solar wing current is continuously monitored against a high current threshold and a low current threshold. Wing sun search phase transitions either to xz slew phase or safe hold phase. When current is too low, the xz slew phase is entered and slews the spacecraft about an axis in the xz plane until current is high enough. When current is high enough, the algorithm transitions or remains in safe hold phase and the spacecraft is spun about its wing axis. A low current persistence timer is longer than a high current persistence timer in order to bias the algorithm to prefer safe hold phase over xz slew phase.
Claims We claim: 1. An algorithm for a spacecraft, comprising: an xz slew phase, and a safe hold phase wherein: in said xz slew phase, the spacecraft is slewed about an axis close to the xz plane while a solar wing current is continuously monitored against a high current threshold, a high current persistence timer is reset when said solar wing current is below said high current threshold, and the spacecraft is stopped slewing and said safe hold phase is entered when said solar wing current stays above said high current threshold until said high current persistence timer expires; and in said safe hold phase, the spacecraft is slewed about an axis close to a y axis while said solar wing current is continuously monitored against a low current threshold, a low current persistence timer is reset when said solar wing current is above said low current threshold, and the spacecraft is stopped slewing and said xz slew phase is entered when said solar wing current stays below said low current threshold until said low current persistence timer expires. 2. The algorithm of claim 1, further comprising a wing sun search phase wherein, in said wing sun search phase, said solar wing current is monitored against said low current threshold while a solar wing sun search is performed, said xz slew phase is entered when said solar wing current stays below said low current threshold until a solar wing current persistence timer expires, and said safe hold phase is entered when said solar wing current does not stay below said low current threshold until said solar wing current persistence timer expires. 3. The algorithm of claim 1 wherein, in said wing sun search phase, said safe hold phase is entered when a phase timer expires after resetting said solar wing current persistence timer once. 4. The algorithm of claim 1 wherein, said low current persistence timer is longer than said high current persistence timer. 5. The algorithm of claim 1 wherein said low current persistence timer expires after approximately 120 seconds. 6. The algorithm of claim 1 wherein said high current persistence timer expires after approximately 20 seconds. 7. The algorithm of claim 1 wherein, in said xz slew phase, before the spacecraft is stopped slewing, a null rate persistence timer and a phase timer are started, said null rate persistence timer is reset if the spacecraft body rate is not nulled below a threshold, transition to safe hold phase is commanded when said null rate persistence timer expires, and transition to safe hold phase is commanded when said phase timer expires. 8. The algorithm of claim 1 wherein, in said safe hold phase, before the spacecraft is stopped slewing, a null rate persistence timer and a phase timer are started, said null rate persistence timer is reset if the spacecraft body rate is not nulled below a threshold, transition to xz slew phase is commanded when said null rate persistence timer expires, and transition to xz slew phase is commanded when said phase timer expires. 9. The algorithm of claim 1, further comprising a null rate phase wherein a null rate persistence timer and a phase timer are started, said null rate persistence timer is reset if the spacecraft body rate differs from a null rate target by a threshold, transition to wing sun search phase is commanded when a difference of the spacecraft body rate and said null rate target stays below said threshold until said null rate persistence timer expires, and transition to wing sun search phase is commanded when said phase timer expires. 10. The algorithm of claim 1, further comprising an initialization phase wherein said initialization phase performs actuator and software configurations necessary for power acquisition. 11. The algorithm of claim 10 wherein said initialization phase includes setting solar wing drives to a ground stepping mode, setting wheel modes to acceleration, and setting steering to inertial. 12. The algorithm of claim 1 wherein wheels are used as actuators for slewing the spacecraft. 13. The algorithm of claim 1 wherein thrusters are used as actuators for slewing the spacecraft. 14. The algorithm of claim 1 wherein a gyro derived rate is used for slewing the spacecraft. 15. The algorithm of claim 1 wherein a star tracker derived rate is used for slewing the spacecraft. 16. The algorithm of claim 1 wherein at least one wing current sensor and filtering is used to monitor said solar wing current. 17. The algorithm of claim 1 wherein at least two wing current sensors and a voting scheme is used to monitor said solar wing current. 18. A method for spacecraft power acquisition comprising steps of: beginning to perform an xz slew phase when a solar wing current stays below a low current threshold until a solar wing current persistence timer expires; beginning to perform a safe hold phase when said solar wing current does not stay below said low current threshold until said solar wing current persistence timer expires; performing said xz slew phase including slewing the spacecraft about an axis close to the xz plane of the spacecraft while continuously monitoring said solar wing current against a high current threshold; resetting a high current persistence timer when said solar wing current is below said high current threshold; nulling slewing of the spacecraft and beginning to perform said safe hold phase when said solar wing current stays above said high current threshold until said high current persistence timer expires; performing said safe hold phase, including slewing the spacecraft about an axis close to a y axis while continuously monitoring said solar wing current against said low current threshold; resetting a low current persistence timer when said solar wing current is above said low current threshold; and nulling slewing of the spacecraft and beginning to perform said xz slew phase when said solar wing current stays below said low current threshold until said low current persistence timer expires. 19. The method of claim 18 further including steps of: performing a null rate phase including starting a null rate persistence timer and a phase timer; resetting said null rate persistence timer if the spacecraft body rate differs from a null rate target by a threshold; commanding transition to a wing sun search phase when a difference of the spacecraft body rate and said null rate target stays below said threshold until said null rate persistence timer expires; commanding transition to said wing sun search phase when said phase timer expires; and performing said wing sun search phase including monitoring said solar wing current against said low current threshold while a solar wing sun search is performed. 20. The method of claim 19 wherein said wing sun search phase further includes a step of beginning to perform said safe hold phase when a sun search phase timer expires after resetting said solar wing current persistence timer once. 21. The method of claim 18 wherein said low current persistence timer is longer than said high current persistence timer. 22. The method of claim 18 wherein said low current persistence timer expires after approximately 120 seconds. 23. The method of claim 18 wherein said high current persistence timer expires after approximately 20 seconds. 24. The method of claim 18 further including steps of, before the step of nulling slewing of the spacecraft in said xz slew phase: starting a null rate persistence timer and a phase timer; resetting said null rate persistence timer if the spacecraft body rate is not nulled below a threshold; commanding transition to safe hold phase when said null rate persistence timer expires; and commanding transition to safe hold phase when said phase timer expires. 25. The method of claim 18 further including steps of, before the step of nulling slewing of the spacecraft in said safe hold phase: starting a null rate persistence timer and a phase timer; resetting said null rate persistence timer if the spacecraft body rate is not nulled below a threshold; commanding transition to xz slew phase when said null rate persistence timer expires; and commanding transition to xz slew phase when said phase timer expires. 26. The method of claim 18, further comprising an initialization phase wherein said initialization phase includes steps of performing actuator and software configurations necessary for power acquisition. 27. The method of claim 26 wherein said initialization phase includes steps of setting solar wing drives to a ground stepping mode, setting wheel modes to acceleration, and setting steering to inertial. 28. The algorithm of claim 18 wherein wheels are used as actuators for slewing the spacecraft. 29. The algorithm of claim 18 wherein thrusters are used as actuators for slewing the spacecraft. 30. The algorithm of claim 18 wherein a gyro derived rate is used for slewing the spacecraft. 31. The algorithm of claim 18 wherein a star tracker derived rate is used for slewing the spacecraft. 32. The algorithm of claim 18 wherein at least one wing current sensor and filtering is used to monitor said solar wing current. 33. The algorithm of claim 18 wherein at least two wing current sensors and a voting scheme is used to monitor said solar wing current. 34. An algorithm for a spacecraft, comprising: a null rate phase, a wing sun search phase, an xz slew phase, and a safe hold phase wherein: in said null rate phase, a null rate persistence timer and a phase timer are started, said null rate persistence timer is reset if the spacecraft body rate differs from a null rate target by a threshold, transition to wing sun search phase is commanded when a difference of the spacecraft body rate and said null rate target stays below said threshold until said null rate persistence timer expires, and transition to wing sun search phase is commanded when said phase timer expires; in said wing sun search phase, a wing sun search phase timer is started, a solar wing current is monitored against a low current threshold while a solar wing sun search is performed, said xz slew phase is entered when said solar wing current stays below said low current threshold until a solar wing current persistence timer expires, said safe hold phase is entered when said solar wing current does not stay below said low current threshold until said solar wing current persistence timer expires, and said safe hold phase is entered when said wing sun search phase timer expires after resetting said solar wing current persistence timer once; in said xz slew phase, the spacecraft is slewed about an axis close to the xz plane while said solar wing current is continuously monitored against a high current threshold, a high current persistence timer is reset when said solar wing current is below said high current threshold, and the spacecraft is stopped slewing and said safe hold phase is entered when said solar wing current stays above said high current threshold until said high current persistence timer expires; in said safe hold phase, the spacecraft is slewed about an axis close to a y axis while said solar wing current is continuously monitored against said low current threshold, a low current persistence timer is reset when said solar wing current is above said low current threshold, and the spacecraft is stopped slewing and said xz slew phase is entered when said solar wing current stays below said low current threshold until said low current persistence timer expires; and said low current persistence timer is longer than said high current persistence timer. 35. The algorithm of claim 34 wherein said low current persistence timer expires after approximately 120 seconds. 36. The algorithm of claim 34 wherein said high current persistence timer expires after approximately 20 seconds. 37. The algorithm of claim 34 wherein, in said xz slew phase, before the spacecraft is stopped stewing, a null rate persistence timer and a phase timer are started, said null rate persistence timer is reset if the spacecraft body rate is not nulled below a threshold, transition to safe hold phase is commanded when said null rate persistence timer expires, and transition to safe hold phase is commanded when said phase timer expires. 38. The algorithm of claim 34 wherein, in said safe hold phase, before the spacecraft is stopped slewing, a null rate persistence timer and a phase timer are started, said null rate persistence timer is reset if the spacecraft body rate is not nulled below a threshold, transition to xz slew phase is commanded when said null rate persistence timer expires, and transition to xz slew phase is commanded when said phase timer expires. 39. The algorithm of claim 34, further comprising an initialization phase wherein said initialization phase performs actuator and software configurations necessary for power acquisition including setting solar wing drives to a ground stepping mode, setting wheel modes to acceleration, and setting steering to inertial. 40. The algorithm of claim 34 wherein wheels are used as actuators for stewing the spacecraft. 41. The algorithm of claim 34 wherein thrusters are used as actuators for slewing the spacecraft. 42. The algorithm of claim 34 wherein a gyro derived rate is used for slewing the spacecraft. 43. The algorithm of claim 34 wherein a star tracker derived rate is used for slewing the spacecraft. 44. The algorithm of claim 34 wherein at least one wing current sensor and filtering is used to monitor said solar wing current. 45. The algorithm of claim 34 wherein at least two wing current sensors and a voting scheme is used to monitor said solar wing current. 