Solar cells operating in liquid have an increased operating efficiency resulting from two independent physical phenomena, an increase in output current from the solar cells from simply wetting the solar cells, and enhanced collection of light through refraction and inner reflection of light in the liquid. Dielectric liquids are found to increase output power efficiency of n/p junction solar cells and also function as a medium for optical concentration. The properties of dielectric liquid permit the construction of a solar cell panel with a suitable geometry for functioning as an optical concentrator.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy converter comprising: a thin panel enclosure having a two-dimensional flat base, short side walls, and a transparent lid separated from the flat base by the short side walls, the short side walls enclosing an interior cavity having a depth substantially smaller than either of the two-dimensional base dimensions; one or more solar cells contained within the thin panel enclosure and having a front surface and back surface; a support contained within the thin panel enclosure that holds the one or more solar cells separate from the base and lid; and a thin layer of liquid contained within the thin panel enclosure and bathing the one or more solar cells, wetting both the front surface and back surface of the one or more solar cells. 2. The solar energy converter according to claim 1 wherein: the support separates the one or more solar cells from the base by more than 1 mm. 3. The solar energy converter according to claim 1 wherein: the liquid covers the front surface of the one or more solar cells by 15 mm or less. 4. The solar energy converter according to claim 1 wherein: the thin layer of liquid is selected from among a group of liquids comprising water, electrically nonconductive and optically transparent dielectric liquids, polar organic dielectric liquids, nonpolar organic dielectric liquids, a dielectric liquid with an index of refraction greater than 1.43, a freezing point less than -40.degree. C., and a boiling point greater than 200.degree. C., and an immersion liquid for lasers with an index of refraction of approximately 1.535, a freezing point less than -45.degree. C., and a boiling point greater than 370.degree. C. 5. The solar energy converter according to claim 1 wherein: the support is a mounting table. 6. The solar energy converter according to claim 1 wherein: the short side walls are selected from among a group including transparent walls and opaque walls. 7. The solar energy converter according to claim 1 wherein: the thin panel enclosure is selected from among a group of enclosures including enclosures further comprising circulating devices and capable of circulating the liquid to cool the solar cells, and enclosures that completely enclose the liquid without apertures for circulating the liquid, the wetting of the front surface and back surface of the one or more solar cells being sufficiently efficient that cooling of the liquid is not required. 8. A solar energy converter comprising: a thin panel container enclosing an interior cavity; one or more solar cells disposed within the thin panel container and having a front surface and back surface that are separated from interior walls of the thin panel container; and a thin layer of liquid contained within the thin panel container and bathing the one or more solar cells, wetting both the front surface and the back surface of the one or more solar cells and covering the front surface of the one or more solar cells by a liquid depth of 15 mm or less. 9. The solar energy converter according to claim 8 wherein: the thin layer of liquid is selected from among a group of liquids comprising water, electrically nonconductive and optically transparent dielectric liquids, polar organic dielectric liquids, nonpolar organic dielectric liquids, a dielectric liquid with an index of refraction greater than 1.43, a freezing point less than -40.degree. C., and a boiling point greater than 200.degree. C., and an immersion liquid for lasers with an index of refraction of approximately 1.535, a freezing point less than -45.degree. C., and a boiling point greater than 370.degree. C. 10. A solar energy converter comprising: a liquid; one or more solar cells each having an n-type semiconductor layer and a p-type semiconductor layer forming a single n/p junction distributed such that a front surface and a back surface of said one or more solar cells are in contact with the liquid; and an encapsulation system enclosing the liquid and the one or more solar cells, the encapsulation system having a flat base that supports the one or more solar cells, the encapsulation system having transparent lateral panel walls connected to the base forming a lens that focuses solar illumination through the liquid to the one or more solar cells, the walls enhancing collection of light thorough the walls and through the liquid and optically concentrating solar energy to the one or more solar cells, wherein the liquid covers the front surface of the one or more solar cells by 15 mm or less. 11. The solar energy converter according to claim 10 wherein: the liquid is an organic dielectric liquid that is selected from among polar dielectric liquids and nonpolar dielectric liquids. 12. The solar energy converter according to claim 10 further comprising: the encapsulation system having a transparent cover that allows solar illumination to permeate through the liquid. 13. The solar energy converter according to claim 10 further comprising: the encapsulation system in a configuration of a cylindrical structure with a flat panel tray covering a first end of the cylindrical structure and a panel cover or lid covering a second end of the cylinder structure. 14. The solar energy converter according to claim 10 further comprising: the encapsulation system comprising walls and a cover at least partially constructed from transparent glass or plastic. 15. The solar energy converter according to claim 10 wherein: the encapsulation system has a base and cover area that is larger than a total surface area covered by the one or more solar cells. 16. The solar energy converter according to claim 10 further comprising: the encapsulation system in a configuration of a cylindrical structure with a flat panel tray covering a first end of the cylidrical structure and a panel cover or lid covering a second end of the cylidrical structure, the cylidrical structure having a cross-sectional geometry selected from among a circle, an ellipse, an oval, an egg-shape, a rectangle, a triangle, a square and being selected from among a symmetric shape and an asymmetric shape. 17. The solar energy converter according to claim 10 wherein: the encapsulation system is a thin panel enclosure having a two-dimensional flat base, lateral panel walls comprising short side walls, and a transparent lid separated from the flat base by the short side walls, the short side walls enclosing an interior cavity having a depth substantially smaller than either of the two-dimensional base dimensions. 18. The solar energy converter according to claim 10 wherein: the liquid is selected from among a group of liquids comprising water, electrically nonconductive and optically transparent dielectric liquids, polar organic dielectric liquids, nonpolar organic dielectric liquids, ethanol, benzene, toluene, tricholoroethylene, propylene glycol, a dielectric liquid with an index of refraction greater than 1.43, a freezing point less than -40.degree. C., and a boiling point greater than 200.degree. C., and an immersion liquid for lasers with an index of refraction of approximately 1.535, a freezing point less than -45.degree. C., and a boiling point greater than 370.degree. C. 