A cool-down system for portable projectors including a battery configured to power a cooling fan, if power to the cooling fan is cut off before the device has cooled down sufficiently to prevent degradation of one or more components.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A projector system, comprising: a primary power supply; an image controller, coupled to the primary power supply, to generate an image signal for display; a projection display unit, coupled to the image controller, to receive the image signal and project an image based on the image signal; a lamp, coupled to the primary power supply, to illuminate the projection display unit sufficiently enough to cause the projection of the image; a cooling fan, coupled to the primary power supply, to cool the lamp after use; a portable power supply, coupled to the cooling fan, to power the cooling fan when the primary power supply is disabled prior to the lamp having sufficient time to cool down after use. 2. The projector system according to claim 1 further comprising a battery charger, coupled to the primary power supply and the portable power supply, and wherein the portable power supply comprises a rechargeable battery. 3. The projector system according to claim 1 wherein the portable power supply comprises a disposable battery. 4. The projector system according to claim 1 wherein the portable power supply comprises a solar power cell. 5. The projector system according to claim 1 further comprising control logic, coupled to the portable power supply, the fan, and the power supply, and programmed to monitor selected events and direct action in response to the selected events. 6. The projector system according to claim 5 wherein (i) the selected events comprise monitoring the charge state of a rechargeable battery, which serves as the portable power supply, and (ii) the action in response is to recharge the rechargeable battery. 7. The projector system according to claim 5 wherein (i) the selected event is timing a cool down period, and (ii) the action in response is shutting off the fan after a set time has elapsed. 8. The projector system according to claim 5 wherein the control logic includes a temperature sensor, placed proximate the lamp, and wherein the selected events comprise monitoring the lamp's temperature and the action is shutting off the fan after the temperature falls below a cutoff temperature. 9. The projector system according to claim 5 wherein (i) the portable power supply comprises a non-rechargeable battery; (ii) the selected events comprise monitoring the charge state of the non-rechargeable battery; and (iii) the action is signaling the non-rechargeable battery is low. 10. The projector system according to claim 5 wherein (i) the portable power supply comprises a battery; (ii) the selected events comprise monitoring a charge state of the battery; and (iii) the action in response is warning that the charge state is insufficient to perform a complete cool down. 11. A cool-down system configured for projectors having a lamp, comprising: a rechargeable battery; a power supply; a battery recharger, coupled to the rechargeable battery; a cooling fan, coupled to the rechargeable battery and the power supply, to cool the lamp during cool down; and a control logic system, coupled to the rechargeable battery and the battery recharger, to enable the rechargeable battery to power the cooling fan in the event power is cut off from the power supply and before cool down is completed. 