A combination photovoltaic cell and RF antenna in a single unit performs the dual functions of transmitting and receiving RF signals to and from a transceiver and converting light waves to electric power to operate the transceiver. The photovaltaic cell is formed of semiconductor material laminated to a thin dielectric backing and electrically connected with the power circuit of the transceiver to supply electrical power thereto. The dielectric backing is bonded to a metallic substrate to provide a ground plane. A tuned shielded cable having a signal conductor is interconnected between the photovoltaic cell and the RF output stage of the transceiver, and the conductive shield of the cable is interconnected between the metallic substrate ground plane and the ground stage of the transceiver such that the photovoltaic cell transmits and receives RF signals to and from the transceiver and also converts light waves to electric power to operate the transceiver.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A combination dual function photovoltaic cell and RF antenna for transmitting and receiving RF signals to and from a transceiver and converting light waves to electric power to operate the transceiver, comprising: a photovoltaic cell formed of semiconductor material laminated to a thin dielectric backing and electrically connected with the power circuit of a transceiver to supply electrical power thereto; said dielectric backing bonded to a metallic substrate to provide a ground plane; a shielded cable having a signal conductor interconnected at one end with said photovoltaic cell and a conductive shield interconnected at one end with said ground plane; said signal conductor having a second end adapted to be interconnected with a RF output stage of the transceiver and said conductive shield having a second end adapted to be interconnected with a ground stage of the transceiver; and said shielded cable tuned to provide impedance for optimum energy transfer between the transceiver and said photovoltaic cell; wherein said photovoltaic cell functions both as a patch antenna to transmit and receive RF signals to and from the transceiver and as a solar cell to convert light waves to electric power sufficient to operate the transceiver and during dual use both functions operate simultaneously without interference or degradation. 2. The dual function photovoltaic cell and RF antenna according to claim 1, wherein said semiconductor material is selected from the group consisting of gallium arsenide, indium gallium arsenide, amorphous silicon, and polycrystalline silicon. 3. A combined RF transceiver, photovoltaic cell and RF antenna, comprising: an RF transceiver powered by DC power for transmitting and receiving RF signals and comprising an electrical power circuit including an RF output stage and a ground stage; a photovoltaic cell formed of semiconductor material laminated to a thin dielectric backing and electrically connected with the power circuit of said transceiver to supply electrical power thereto; said dielectric backing bonded to a metallic substrate to provide a ground plane; a shielded cable having a signal conductor interconnected between said photovoltaic cell and the RF output stage of said transceiver; said shielded cable having a conductive shield interconnected between said metallic substrate ground plane and the ground stage of the transceiver; said shielded cable tuned to provide impedance for optimum energy transfer between the transceiver and said photovoltaic cell; whereby said photovoltaic cell functions both as a patch antenna to transmit and receive RF signals to and from the transceiver and also as a solar cell to convert light waves to electric power sufficient to operate the transceiver and during dual use both functions operate simultaneously without interference or degradation. 4. The combined RF transceiver, photovoltaic cell and RF antenna according to claim 3, wherein said semiconductor material is selected from the group consisting of gallium arsenide, indium gallium arsenide, amorphous silicon, and polycrystalline silicon. 5. The combined RF transceiver, photovoltaic cell and RF antenna according to claim 3, wherein said photovoltaic cell and said RF transceiver are joined together to form a unitary assembly. 6. The combined RF transceiver, photovoltaic cell and RF antenna according to claim 3, wherein said RF transceiver is a device selected from the group consisting of pressure sensors, temperature sensors, vibration sensors, acceleration sensors, fluid sensors, computing devices, telecommunication devices and electromechanical devices. 7. A method of interconnecting a photovoltaic cell to an RF transceiver to function as an RF antenna for transmitting and receiving RF signals to and from the transceiver and converting light waves to electric power to operate the transceiver, said method comprising the acts of: providing a photovoltaic cell formed of semiconductor material laminated to a thin dielectric backing; bonding said dielectric backing to a metallic substrate to provide a ground plane; electrically interconnecting said photovoltaic cell with a power circuit of the transceiver to supply electrical power thereto; interconnecting a signal conductor of a shielded cable between said photovoltaic cell and a RF output stage of the transceiver; interconnecting a conductive shield of said shielded cable between said metallic substrate ground plane and a ground stage of the transceiver; tuning said shielded cable to provide impedance for optimum energy transfer between the transceiver and said photovoltaic cell; whereby said photovoltaic cell functions both as a patch antenna to transmit and receive RF signals to and from the transceiver and as a solar cell to convert light waves to electric power sufficient to operate the transceiver and during dual use both functions operate simultaneously without interference or degradation. 8. The method according to claim 7, further comprising joining said photovoltaic cell and said RF transceiver together to form a unitary assembly. 9. The method according to claim 7, further comprising electrically interconnecting a plurality of said photovoltaic cells in an array to form an integral RF antenna and solar collector panel for transmitting and receiving RF signals and producing selected output voltage and current characteristics. 10. The method according to claim 9, further comprising mounting said integral RF antenna and solar collector panel on a spacecraft; positioning said panel to receive photonic solar energy; and receiving photonic solar energy on said panel wherein said received solar photonic energy activates said photovoltaic cells to supply electrical energy, and said photovoltaic cells are capable of receiving and transmitting electromagnetic signals during said step of receiving photonic solar energy. 