An improved solar collector pipe that directly conveys fluid to be heated and collects and transfers solar energy efficiently and directly to the internal fluid, thereby maximizing both the amount of energy transmitted to the internal fluid and the peak temperature attainable by that fluid. The solar collector pipe includes a transparent portion for admitting solar energy into the solar collector pipe. Internal to the solar collector pipe is an absorbing portion for absorbing solar energy. A conduit portion is also included and comprises a reflecting surface thereon for reflecting solar energy received through the transparent portion onto the absorbing portion. The transparent portion, the conduit portion, and the absorbing portion together define at least one fluid passageway for conveying the fluid.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar collector pipe for conveying fluid to be heated and for removing heated fluid, the solar collector pipe comprising: a transparent portion for admitting solar energy into the solar collector pipe; an absorbing portion internal to the solar collector pipe for absorbing solar energy; and a conduit portion comprising opposing wall portions on either side of a vertical center axis of the solar collector pipe that together form an ogive shape in cross-section, the opposing wall portions comprising a reflecting surface thereon for reflecting solar energy received through the transparent portion onto the absorbing portion; wherein the transparent portion, the conduit portion, and the absorbing portion together define at least one fluid passageway for conveying the fluid. 2. The solar collector pipe of claim 1, wherein the transparent portion is integrally joined to the conduit portion. 3. The solar collector pipe of claim 1, wherein the transparent portion forms an arc shape in cross-section. 4. The solar collector pipe of claim 1, wherein the absorbing portion is on a vertical center axis of the solar collector pipe. 5. The solar collector pipe of claim 1, wherein a lower portion of the absorbing portion contacts the reflecting surface and an upper portion of the absorbing portion contacts the transparent portion. 6. The solar collector pipe of claim 5, wherein the absorbing portion is integrally joined to the transparent portion and the conduit portion. 7. The solar collector pipe of claim 1, wherein an upper portion of the absorbing portion forms one of an I-shape, a T-shape, and a Y-shape. 8. The solar collector pipe of claim 1, wherein the conduit portion further comprises opposing wall portions on either side of a vertical center axis of the solar collector pipe that comprise: a locking tab protruding outwardly from a first opposing wall portion; and at least one opposing tab slot defined by a second opposing wall portion, wherein the at least one opposing tab slot is configured to receive the locking tab of a different solar collector pipe in removable engagement. 9. The solar collector pipe of claim 8, wherein the at least one opposing tab slot comprises a plurality of tab slots configured to receive the locking tab of the different solar collector pipe in removable engagement such that the different solar collector pipe may be positioned to account for a plurality of structural angles. 10. A solar energy collection system comprising at least two solar collector pipes in fluid flow communication with one another for conveying fluid to be heated and for removing heated fluid, the at least two solar collector pipes each comprising: a transparent portion for admitting solar energy therethrough; an absorbing portion therein for absorbing solar energy; and a conduit portion comprising opposing wall portions on either side of a vertical center axis of the solar collector pipe that together form an ogive shape in cross-section, the opposing wall portions comprising a reflecting surface thereon for reflecting solar energy received through the transparent portion onto the absorbing portion; wherein the transparent portion, the conduit portion, and the absorbing portion together define at least one fluid passageway for conveying the fluid. 11. The solar energy collection system of claim 10, wherein each transparent portion is integrally joined to each conduit portion. 12. The solar energy collection system of claim 10, wherein each transparent portion forms one of an arc shape, a cambered shape, a parabolic shape, a catenary shape, and a semi-elliptical shape in cross-section. 13. The solar energy collection system of claim 10, wherein each absorbing portion is on a vertical center axis of each of the at least two solar collector pipes. 14. The solar energy collection system of claim 10, wherein a lower portion of each absorbing portion contacts each reflecting surface and an upper portion of each absorbing portion contacts each transparent portion. 15. The solar energy collection system of claim 14, wherein each absorbing portion is integrally joined to each transparent portion and each conduit portion. 16. The solar energy collection system of claim 10, wherein an upper portion of each absorbing portion forms one of an I-shape, a T-shape, and a Y-shape. 17. The solar energy collection system of claim 10, wherein each conduit portion further comprises opposing wall portions on either side of a vertical center axis of each of the at least two solar collector pipes, wherein the opposing wall portions of each conduit portion comprise: a locking tab protruding outwardly from a first opposing wall portion; and at least one opposing tab slot defined by a second opposing wall portion, wherein the at least one opposing tab slot is configured to receive the locking tab of a different solar collector pipe in removable engagement. 18. The solar energy collection system of claim 17, wherein the at least one opposing tab slot comprises a plurality of tab slots configured to receive the locking tab of the different solar collector pipe in removable engagement such that the different solar collector pipe may be positioned to account for a plurality of structural angles. 19. The solar energy collection system of claim 10 further comprising at least one mounting bracket for removably mounting the at least two solar collector pipes against a structure. 20. The solar energy collection system of claim 19, wherein the at least one mounting bracket is positioned at one of a 22.5.degree. angle and a 45.degree. angle from a horizontal lower axis of the at least one mounting bracket. 21. The solar energy collection system of claim 19, wherein the at least one mounting bracket is adjustable between a plurality of angles. 22. The solar energy collection system of claim 10 further comprising at least one pipe connector for connecting the at least two solar collector pipes together in fluid flow communication. 23. The solar energy collection system of claim 19, wherein the at least one pipe connector is for connecting one of the at least two solar collector pipes together with a cylindrical pipe in fluid flow communication. 24. The solar energy collection system of claim 10, wherein the at least two solar collector pipes comprise a plurality of solar collector pipes. 25. The solar energy collection system of claim 24, wherein the plurality of solar collector pipes are integrally joined together in a fixed immovable relationship relative to each other in a unitary body. 26. The solar energy collection system of claim 10 further comprising a thermal storage device in fluid flow communication with the at least two solar collector and configured to store heated fluid. 27. The solar energy collection system of claim 10 further comprising a heat circulation system in fluid flow communication with the at least two solar collector pipes and configured to circulate heat in an area. 28. The solar energy collection system of claim 10 further comprising a pump in fluid flow communication with the at least two solar collector pipes and configured to circulate fluid through the at least two solar collector pipes. 29. A solar collector pipe for conveying fluid to be heated and for removing heated fluid, the solar collector pipe comprising: a fluid conduit comprising: a transparent portion on an external surface of the fluid conduit, the transparent portion having a first end and a second end and forming one of an arc shape, a cambered shape, a parabolic shape, a catenary shape, and a semi-elliptical shape in cross-section; a conduit portion comprising a first opposing wall having a first end coupled to the first end of the transparent portion and a second opposing wall having a first end coupled to the second end of the transparent portion, the first and second opposing walls each having second ends joined together and together forming one of an ogive shape, a dropped ogive shape, an equilateral ogive shape, and a lancet ogive shape in cross-section about either side of a vertical center axis of the solar collector pipe, the opposing walls comprising a reflecting surface thereon for reflecting solar energy received through the transparent portion toward the vertical center axis of the solar collector pipe; and an absorbing portion internal to the fluid conduit and extending along the center vertical axis for at least a portion of its extent. 30. The solar collector pipe of claim 29, wherein the absorbing portion extends along the vertical center axis from the joined second ends of the opposing walls. 31. The solar collector pipe of claim 29, wherein the absorbing portion extends from at least one reflective surface to the transparent portion. 32. The solar collector pipe of claim 29, wherein the absorbing portion extends from the joined second ends of the opposing walls along the vertical center axis forming an I-shape. 33. The solar collector pipe of claim 29, wherein the absorbing portion extends from the joined ends of the opposing walls along the vertical center axis forming a Y-shape. 34. The solar collector pipe of claim 29, wherein the absorbing portion extends from the joined second ends of the opposing walls along the vertical center axis forming a T-shape. 35. The solar collector pipe of claim 29, wherein the absorbing portion extends from the joined second ends of the opposing walls along the vertical center axis and ends before it reaches either the transparent surface or any other portion of either opposing wall. 36. A solar energy collection system for conveying liquid to be heated and for removing heated liquid, the solar energy collector system comprising: first and second liquid conduits each comprising: a transparent portion on an external surface, the transparent portion having a first end and a second end; a first opposing wall having a first end coupled to the first end of the transparent portion; a second opposing wall having a first end coupled to the second end of the transparent portion; wherein the first and second opposing walls are joined together at respective second ends, together forming an ogive shape in cross-section about either side of a vertical center axis, and wherein each of the first and second opposing walls comprise a reflective surface thereon configured to reflect solar energy received through the transparent portion toward the vertical center axis; and an absorbing portion extending within the cross-section along the center vertical axis for at least a portion of its extent; wherein the first and second liquid conduits are located substantially parallel to each other and are coupled in fluid communication at first respective ends such that fluid passing through the first liquid conduit thereafter passes through the second liquid conduit. 37. The solar energy collection system of claim 36, wherein the transparent portion of each of the first and second liquid conduits forms an arc shape in cross-section between the first and second ends of the transparent portion. 38. The solar energy collection system of claim 36, wherein the absorbing portion of each of the first and second liquid conduits extends along the vertical center axis in cross-section from the joined second ends of the opposing walls. 39. The solar energy collection system of claim 36, wherein the absorbing portion of each of the first and second liquid conduits extends from at least one reflective surface to the transparent portion. 40. The solar energy collection system of claim 36, wherein the absorbing portion extends from the joined second ends of the opposing walls along the vertical center axis forming an I-shape in cross-section. 41. The solar energy collection system of claim 36, wherein the absorbing portion extends from the joined second ends of the opposing walls along the vertical center axis forming a Y-shape in cross-section. 42. The solar energy collection system of claim 36, wherein the absorbing portion extends from the joined second ends of the opposing walls along the vertical center axis forming a T-shape in cross-section. 43. The solar energy collection system of claim 36, wherein the absorbing portion extends from the joined second ends of the opposing walls along the vertical center axis in cross-section and ends before it reaches either the transparent surface or any other portion of either opposing wall. 