An improved swamp cooler (10) in which a D.C. motor (43), a D.C. water pump (40), a storage battery (68), and solar panel (62) are utilized to operate apparatus (10) in a self-sustaining mode without the necessity of a separate electrical source to operate the D.C. motor (43), water pump (40). Solar panel (62) provides the energy source for D.C. motor (43) and water pump (40) by means of electronic circuitry (60). When solar energy is not available to solar panel (62), battery (68) in apparatus (10) provides such energy, it being recharged during utilization of solar panel (62), so that apparatus (10) continues to operate under clear skies or non-clear skies.
Claims I claim: 1. A swamp-cooler apparatus comprising a housing having at least one open-sided wall panel, a full bottom panel having a floor, frame edges extending from said full bottom panel to form said at least one open-sided wall panel, another wall panel with opening for mounting a vent box and through the opening for flow to the exterior of said housing, a motor in said housing in a cage therein and to the shaft of which a bladed fan is connected, cooling pad means in said housing mounted proximate to said at least one open-sided wall panel, conduit means in said housing for distributing water to said cooling pad means, pump means mounted on the floor for pulling accumulated distributed water into said conduit means, storage battery means for said apparatus, said motor being of a D.C. nature, said pump means comprising a D.C. water pump, and means for electronically connecting together said solar panel means, D.C. motor, storage battery means, and D.C. pump means, means in said connecting means to prevent current from reversing its flow to said solar panel means, and float-valve means securely mounted in said housing at or below said frame edges whereby its valve closes upon its float reaching a water level approximating height of said frame edges upon water being supplied through said float-valve means and opens upon its float lowering at a water level below such height so that a sufficient supply of water is always provided for pulling by said D.C. pump means into said distributing means and into said cooling pad means, whereby in operation of said apparatus said solar panel means supplies energy through said connecting means to operate said D.C. motor and said pump means when solar energy is being transmitted to said solar panel means and said storage battery means supplies energy through said connecting means to operate said D.C. motor and D.C. pump means when solar energy is not being transmitted to said solar panel means, so that humidified air flows from the housing of the swamp cooler through the opening for the vent in such operation. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 including switching means to start and end operation of the apparatus and contained in said connecting means. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein said switching means is an electrical toggle switch. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 including a venting box into which the humidified air flows from the cage for the D.C. motor and is discharged therefrom. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 including switching means to start and end operation of the apparatus and contained in said connecting means. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 including a plurality of open-sided wall panels and cooling pad means mounted in said housing proximate to corresponding ones of said open-sided wall panels, said conduit means in said housing corresponding in number to the plurality of said cooling pad means for distributing water to said plurality of said cooling pad means. 7. The apparatus of claim 2 including a plurality of open-sided wall panels and cooling pad means mounted in said housing proximate to corresponding ones of said open-sided wall panels, said conduit means in said housing corresponding in number to the plurality of said cooling pad means for distributing water to said plurality of said cooling pad means. 8. The apparatus of claim 3 including a plurality of open-sided wall panels and cooling pad means mounted in said housing proximate to corresponding ones of said open-sided wall panels, said conduit means in said housing corresponding in number to the plurality of said cooling pad means for distributing water to said plurality of said cooling pad means. 9. The apparatus of claim 4 including a plurality of open-sided wall panels and cooling pad means mounted in said housing proximate to corresponding ones of said open-sided wall panels, said conduit means in said housing corresponding in number to the plurality of said cooling pad means for distributing water to said plurality of said cooling pad means. 10. The apparatus of claim 5 including a plurality of open-sided wall panels and cooling pad means mounted in said housing proximate to corresponding ones of said open-sided wall panels, said conduit means in said housing corresponding in number to the plurality of said cooling pad means for distributing water to said plurality of said cooling pad means. 