A method for adjusting a parabolic antenna with a reflector attached to a bracket, the reflector being designed as at least part of a paraboloid and with a receiving device located essentially at a focus of the reflector. The method includes the steps of adjusting the bracket with a measuring device installed in the bracket without need for the reflector to be attached to the bracket, and subsequently detachably fastening the reflector to the bracket.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A mounting device for a parabolic antenna, comprising: a bracket; fastening elements mounted on the bracket for attachment of the parabolic antenna; a receiving device; and a measuring device operative for detecting satellite signals, the measuring device being integrated into the bracket, the parabolic antenna being releasably attachable to the fastening elements without tools. 2. A mounting device according to claim 1, wherein the measuring device is mounted to an area of the bracket formed as at least a part of a paraboloid. 3. A mounting device according to claim 1, wherein the measuring instrument is integrated on a chip. 4. A mounting device according to claim 1, and further comprising solar cells mounted on the bracket so as to provide the measuring device with power. 5. A mounting device according to claim 1, wherein the measuring device and the receiving device are a single component. 6. A mounting device according to claim 1, wherein the fastening elements are rails in which sliding elements on a back of the parabolic antenna engage. 7. A method for adjusting a parabolic antenna with a reflector attached to a bracket, the reflector being designed as at least part of a paraboloid and with a receiving device located essentially at a focus of the reflector, the method comprising the steps of: adjusting the bracket with a measuring device installed in the bracket without need for the reflector to be attached to the bracket; and subsequently detachably fastening the reflector to the bracket. 8. A method according to claim 7, including using a receiver of the receiving device as the measuring device. 9. A method according to claim 8, including attaching the receiving device to the bracket, and using a part of the bracket, designed as at least a part of paraboloid, as a reflector. 