In one embodiment, the a method for collecting railroad crossing data is disclosed. The method includes detecting a presence of at least one of pedestrians and vehicles within a boundary of the railroad crossing, storing a count of the presence of pedestrians and vehicles detected within the boundary and transmitting the count to an external device.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for collecting railroad crossing data, comprising: detecting a presence of at least one of pedestrians and vehicles within a boundary of the railroad crossing; storing a count of the detections of the at least one of pedestrians and vehicles within the boundary; transmitting the count to an external device using a cellular control channel; and determining a risk for the railroad crossing based upon the count of the detections. 2. A method according to claim 1 wherein a presence of the pedestrians and the vehicles are detected using a micropower impulse radar (MIR) unit. 3. A method according to claim 2 wherein the count is stored in a remote terminal unit connected to the MIR unit. 4. A method according to claim 3 wherein the remote terminal unit is configured to communicate over a cellular control channel. 5. A method according to claim 1 wherein transmitting the count comprises at least one of transmitting the count at a preset interval and polling for a transmission of the count. 6. A method for collecting railroad crossing data, comprising: detecting a presence of at least one of pedestrians and vehicles within a boundary of the railroad crossing; storing a count of the detections of the at least one of pedestrians and vehicles within the boundary; transmitting the count to a mobile telephone switching office using a cellular control channel; transferring the count from the mobile telephone switching office to a gateway; transferring the count from the gateway to a server; and accessing the server. 7. A method according to claim 6 wherein accessing the server comprises accessing a web page. 8. A method according to claim 6 wherein accessing the server comprises at least one of receiving E-mail notification, pocket pager notification facsimile reports, and Private Virtual Circuit (PVC) Frame Relay links. 9. A railroad crossing system, comprising: at least one micropower impulse radar (MIR) unit configured to detect a presence of at least one of pedestrians and vehicles within a boundary of a railroad crossing; a remote terminal unit (RTU) coupled to said MIR, said RTU configured to store a count of the detections of the at least one of pedestrians and vehicles within the boundary by said MIR unit and further configured to communicate the counts, said RTU comprising at least one of a standby battery capability and a solar power feature; and a computer system configured to receive the counts communicated by said RTU. 10. A railroad crossing system according to claim 9 wherein said RTU is configured to communicate on a control channel of a cellular network, said system further comprising a cellular system configured to receive communications on the cellular control channel from said RTU, said cellular system comprising: at least one cellular tower; a mobile telephone switching office (MTSO) connected to said towers; and a gateway connected to said MTSO and connected to said computer system. 11. A railroad crossing system according to claim 10 wherein said computer system comprises a server configured to retrieve monitoring and tracking data from said cellular system. 12. A railroad crossing system according to claim 11 wherein said server is an internet server. 13. A railroad crossing system according to claim 11 wherein said server is configured to provide at least one of internet access, E-mail notification, pocket pager notification, facsimile reports, and Private Virtual Circuit (PVC) Frame Relay links. 14. A railroad crossing system according to claim 11 wherein said server is configured with at least one web page for display of railroad crossing monitoring and tracking data. 15. A railroad crossing system according to claim 9 wherein said RTU comprises at least one of at least one digital input, at least one analog input, at least one analog output, internal status and notification alarming capability, an operational status indication and communication link status indication. 16. A railroad crossing system according to claim 9 wherein said RTU is configured to store separate detection counts for inactive railroad crossing detections and active railroad crossing detections. 17. A railroad crossing system according to claim 9 wherein said RTU is configured to store a time for each stored detection. 18. A method for monitoring a plurality of railroad crossings comprising: collecting railroad crossing data for each railroad crossing; storing the railroad crossing data; selecting a sorting criteria; and sorting the railroad crossing data using the selected sorting criteria, wherein collecting railroad crossing data comprises determining at least one of a number of the pedestrians that have crossed the railroad crossing when the crossing was active, a number of the pedestrians that have crossed the railroad crossing when the crossing was inactive, a number of the vehicles that have crossed the railroad crossing when the crossing was active, and a number of the vehicles that have crossed the railroad crossing when the crossing was inactive. 19. A method according to claim 18 wherein railroad crossing data is collected at predetermined intervals. 20. A method according to claim 18 wherein sorting the railroad crossing data comprises identifying elevated risk railroad crossings based upon a number of the pedestrians and the vehicles that have crossed the railroad crossing. 21. A method according to claim 18 wherein identifying elevated risk railroad crossings comprises identifying railroad crossings with the largest number of the pedestrians and the vehicles crossing the railroad crossing while the crossing is active. 22. A system comprising: at least one computer; a plurality of micropower impulse radar (MfR) units, at least one MIR unit per railroad crossing, for a plurality of railroad crossings, said MIR units configured for detecting a presence of at least one of pedestrians and vehicles within a boundary of the railroad crossing where deployed; a plurality of remote terminal units (RTUs), each of said MIR units connected to one of said RTUs, said RTUs configured to store a count of the presence of the pedestrians and vehicles detected within the boundary by said MIR units and further configured to communicate at least the counts to said computer, said computer configured to determine elevated risk railroad crossings based upon the received counts from said plurality of RTUs. 23. A system according to claim 22 further comprising a cellular network, wherein to communicate with said computer, said RTUs are configured to communicate over said cellular network and said computer is coupled to said cellular network. 24. A system according to claim 23 wherein said cellular network comprises: at least one cellular tower; at least one mobile telephone switching office (MTSO) communicatively connected to said towers; and a gateway connected to said MTSO, said RTUs configured to transmit and receive signals from said towers, and said computer configured to be coupled to said gateway. 25. A system according to claim 23 wherein said RTUs are configured to communicate on a cellular control channel. 26. A system according to claim 22 wherein said computer is configured as a server. 27. A system according to claim 22 wherein said RTUs are configured to store railroad crossing data, railroad crossing data including, a count of at least one of the pedestrians and the vehicles, at predetermined intervals. 28. A system according to claim 22 wherein said RTUs are configured to communicate railroad crossing data, railroad crossing data including a count of at least one of the pedestrians and the vehicles, at predetermined intervals. 29. A system according to claim 22 wherein said computer is configured to send requests to said RTUs to transmit railroad crossing data to said computer, railroad crossing data including a count of at least one of the pedestrians and the vehicles. 30. A system according to claim 22 wherein said computer is configured to transmit instructions to said RTUs, to reconfigure operating parameters of said RTUs. 31. A railroad crossing system comprising: at least one crossing gate arm; a number of impedance loops buried under the railroad crossing; a gate control mechanism connected to said impedance loops and configured to raise said crossing gate arms upon detection of one or more vehicles within a boundary by said impedance loops; at least one micropower impulse radar (MIR) unit, said MIR units configured to detect a presence of the one or more vehicles within the boundary; and at least one remote terminal unit (RTU) connected to said MIR units, said RTUs configured to communicate with said gate control mechanism, said at least one MIR unit and said at least one RTU providing a backup system to said impedance loops and said gate control mechanism for control of said gate control mechanism. 32. A system according to claim 31 whereupon upon the detection of one or more vehicles by at least one of said MIR units, said RTU is configured to determine if said gate control mechanism has raised said gate crossing arms and further configured to command said gate control mechanism to raise said crossing gate arms if said arms have not been raised. 33. A system according to claim 31 wherein said gate control mechanism and said remote terminal unit are configured as a single unit. 34. A system according to claim 31 wherein said system comprises four crossing gate arms in a four quadrant configuration. 35. A system according to claim 34 wherein said remote terminal unit is configured to instruct said gate control mechanism to raise one of the four crossing gate arms to allow the vehicles to exit the boundary. 36. A method for detecting trapped vehicles within a boundary of a railroad crossing, the railroad crossing including impedance loops buried under the crossing, within the boundary, and connected to a gate arm control mechanism, which is further connected to one or more gate arms, the railroad crossing further including at least one micropower impulse radar (MIR) unit configured to detect the vehicles trapped within the boundary and at least one remote terminal unit (RTU) connected to the MIR units and further configured to communicate with the gate arm control mechanism, said method comprising: (1) lowering the gate arms upon approach of a train, thereby defining the boundary of the railroad crossing; (2) checking for vehicles trapped within the boundary using the impedance loops and gate control mechanism and separately with the MIR units and the RTU; (3) raising the gate arms if one or more of the trapped vehicles are detected; (4) repeating step (2) until none of the trapped vehicles are detected; and (5) lowering the gate arms. 37. A method according to claim 36 wherein checking for vehicles trapped within the boundary comprises configuring the MIR units and RTU as a backup system to the impedance loops and gate control mechanism. 38. A method according to claim 36 wherein for a railroad crossing configured with four quadrant gate arms, the RTU and the gate arm control mechanism are configured to lift one or more gate arms near the one or more trapped vehicles, thereby allowing the one or more trapped vehicles to exit the boundary while allowing no further vehicles to enter the boundary. 