A multi-paneled window structure in which at least one panel is a photovoltaic panel and at least one other panel is a window panel comprised of vision glass.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. The window structure comprising: an exterior frame defining the exterior perimeter of the window structure; a plurality of window panels positioned within said exterior frame, each of said plurality of window panels being defined at least in part by an interior frame portion; at least one of said window panels comprising a photovoltaic module comprised of a plurality of electrically connected photovoltaic cells electrically connected with one another in series, wherein said at least one panel has an exterior side and an interior side and wherein said plurality of photovoltaic cells are located on said exterior side; at least another of said window panels comprising vision glass; and an access panel located on said interior side. 2. The window structure of claim 1 wherein said at least one panel includes an edge frame member defining a peripheral edge of said at least one panel, said interior and exterior sides and said frame member defining a photovoltaic module interior. 3. The window structure of claim 2 including electrical power storage means positioned within said photovoltaic module interior. 4. The window structure of claim 3 including a power outlet. 5. The window structure of claim 4 including a DC to AC inverter positioned within said photovoltaic module interior. 6. The photovoltaic panel for use as one of a plurality of panels of a window structure having at least one window panel of vision glass, the photovoltaic panel comprising: an exterior frame extending around the periphery of the photovoltaic panel; an interior side and an exterior side, said frame and said interior and exterior sides defining a photovoltaic panel interior; a plurality of photovoltaic cells being electrically connected with one another; and an access door on said interior side. 7. The photovoltaic panel of claim 6 wherein said plurality of photovoltaic cells are electrically connected in series. 8. The photovoltaic panel of claim 6 including a display electrically powered by said plurality of photovoltaic cells. 9. The photovoltaic panel of claim 6 including electrical power storage means positioned in said panel interior. 10. The photovoltaic panel of claim 9 including a charge control means positioned in said panel interior. 11. The photovoltaic panel of claim 10 including an electrical power outlet. 12. The photovoltaic panel of claim 7 including a DC to AC inverter positioned within said panel interior. 13. The photovoltaic panel of claim 12 including an electrical power outlet. 