According to a method for mounting a plurality of solar battery modules, an underlying member (roofing member) is fixed at a location where the solar battery modules are to be mounted. The underlying member has a wiring made of conductive material that is formed for drawing electric power from the solar battery modules and has connection terminals at respective positions to be connected with each solar battery module. Connection terminals of each solar battery module are coupled with the connection terminals of the underlying member to fasten each solar battery module.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A mounting structure for mounting a plurality of solar battery modules, comprising: a sheet-shaped roofing member which constitutes at least part of a roof of a structure and which is fixed over a surface at a location where said solar battery modules are to be mounted, said roofing member including therein a wiring made of conductive material formed for drawing electric power from said plurality of solar battery modules and including connection terminals at respective positions to be connected with each solar battery module, and wherein each solar battery module is connected to respective connection terminals of said roofing member, and wherein the plurality of the solar battery modules are electrically connected in series via the wiring of the roofing member so that the wiring of the roofing member carries power from the plurality of solar battery modules. 2. The mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein a plurality of roofing members are used for mounting said solar battery modules. 3. The mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein said roofing member has marks attached for indicating a position where said solar battery modules are to be mounted. 4. The mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein said roofing member has holes formed at respective positions where said solar battery modules are to be mounted. 5. The mounting structure of claim 1, wherein the solar battery modules are separate and distinct components from said roofing member so that the solar battery modules function regardless of whether they are connected to said roofing member. 6. The structure of claim 1, wherein said roofing member comprises an insulating member in which the wiring is at least partially embedded, and wherein the insulating member is provided over at least a reinforcing layer. 7. A mounting method for mounting a plurality of solar battery modules to a roofing member, the method comprising: providing a sheet-shaped roofing member which is at least part of a roof of a structure; fixing the roofing member over a surface at a location where said solar battery modules are to be mounted, said roofing member including a conductive wiring for drawing electric power from said plurality of solar battery modules and including connection terminals at respective positions to be connected with solar battery modules, wherein the solar battery modules are separate and distinct components from said roofing member so that the solar battery modules function regardless of whether they are connected to said roofing member, connecting the solar battery modules to respective connection terminals of said roofing member, and thereafter fastening each solar battery module, and wherein the plurality of the solar battery modules are electrically connected in series via the wiring of the roofing member so that the wiring of the roofing member carries power from the plurality of solar battery modules. 8. The mounting method according to claim 7, wherein a plurality of roofing members are used to mount said solar battery modules. 9. The mounting method according to claim 7, wherein said roofing member has marks attached for indicating a position where said solar battery modules are to be mounted. 10. The mounting method according to claim 7, wherein said roofing member has holes formed at respective positions where said solar battery modules are to be mounted. 11. The mounting method according to claim 10, wherein adhesive is applied into said holes formed in said roofing member to bond said solar battery modules. 12. The method of claim 7, wherein said roofing member comprises an insulating member in which the wiring is at least partially embedded, and wherein the insulating member is provided over at least a reinforcing layer. 