A low profile, vehicle mounted, in-motion tracking, satellite antenna includes a pair of antenna assemblies mounted in parallel on a rotatable platform. Each antenna assembly includes two subreflectors with a plastic matching element. The outputs of the two antenna assemblies are coupled with a single phase shifter. The combined outputs are retransmitted to a receiver inside the vehicle. The satellite antenna also includes a receiver for receiving channel selection data and/or for providing two-way communication with equipment inside the vehicle. The antennae, transmitter and receiver are self-powered by a storage device which is charged by a wind driven generator. A retractable radome lowers to a lower profile when the antenna is not in use.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A satellite antenna system for mounting on a vehicle, comprising: a) a satellite antenna; b) a satellite receiver coupled to said satellite antenna for receiving communications signals; and c) a retransmitter coupled to said satellite receiver and adapted to retransmit signals without the aid of wires from said satellite receiver to equipment inside the vehicle. 2. The satellite antenna system according to claim 1, further comprising: d) a self-contained power supply coupled to said retransmitter such that no power cable is needed to operate the antenna system. 3. The satellite antenna system according to claim 2, wherein: said power supply includes a wind powered generator. 4. The satellite antenna system according to claim 2, wherein: said power supply includes a solar cell. 5. The satellite antenna system according to claim 1, further comprising: d) inductive coupling means for inductively coupling to a power supply inside the vehicle without wires. 6. The satellite antenna system according to claim 1, further comprising: d) capacitive coupling means for capacitively coupling to a power supply inside the vehicle without wires. 7. The satellite antenna system according to claim 1, wherein: said satellite receiver includes a satellite transceiver coupled to said satellite antenna for receiving and sending communications signals; and said retransmitter includes a wireless networking transceiver coupled to said satellite transceiver and adapted to retransmit and receive signals without the aid of wires between said satellite transceiver and equipment inside the vehicle. 8. The satellite antenna system according to claim 1, wherein: said retransmitter transmits a plurality of satellite channels to equipment inside the vehicle. 9. The satellite antenna system according to claim 1, further comprising: d) a control receiver coupled to said satellite receiver for receiving satellite channel selection signals from equipment inside the vehicle without the aid of wires. 10. The satellite antenna system according to claim 1, further comprising: d) automatic tracking means for tracking a selected satellite while the vehicle is in motion. 11. The satellite antenna system according to claim 10, further comprising: e) a control receiver coupled to said satellite receiver and said automatic tracking means for receiving satellite channel selection signals from equipment inside the vehicle without the aid of wires. 12. A satellite antenna system for mounting on a vehicle, comprising: a) satellite antenna; b) a satellite receiver coupled to said satellite antenna for receiving communications signals; c) a power storage device coupled to said receiver for powering said receiver; and d) a wind powered generator coupled to said power storage device for charging said power storage device. 13. The satellite antenna system according to claim 12, further comprising: e) a solar cell coupled to said power storage device. 14. The satellite antenna system according to claim 12, wherein: said satellite receiver includes a satellite transceiver coupled to said satellite antenna for receiving and sending communications signals. 15. The satellite antenna system according to claim 12, further comprising: e) a control receiver coupled to said satellite receiver for receiving satellite channel selection signals from equipment inside the vehicle without the aid of wires. 16. The satellite antenna system according to claim 12, further comprising: e) automatic tracking means coupled to said satellite antenna for tracking a selected satellite while the vehicle is in motion. 17. The satellite antenna system according to claim 16, further comprising: f) a control receiver coupled to said satellite receiver and said automatic tracking means for receiving satellite channel selection signals from equipment inside the vehicle without the aid of wires. 18. A satellite antenna system for mounting on a vehicle, comprising: a) satellite antenna having at least one reflector; b) positioning means coupled to said satellite antenna for aiming said antenna at a communications satellite; c) mounting means coupled to said positioning means for mounting said antenna system on the roof of a vehicle, said mounting means being adapted to be coupled to the roof rack of a motor vehicle. 19. The system according to claim 18, wherein: said mounting means includes security means for preventing unauthorized removal of the system from the roof rack of a motor vehicle. 20. The system according to claim 18, further comprising: d) retransmission means coupled to said satellite antenna for retransmitting signals at a wavelength longer than the wavelength of communication satellites. 21. The system according to claim 18, further comprising: d) tracking means coupled to said positioning means for aiming the antenna at a particular communications satellite. 22. The system according to claim 21, wherein: said tracking means includes azimuth adjustment means for adjusting the azimuth of said antenna and elevation adjustment means for adjusting the elevation of said antenna. 23. The system according to claim 22, wherein: said tracking means includes motion sensor means for automatically correcting the aim of said antenna as the vehicle is in motion. 24. The system according to claim 18, further comprising: d) a retractable radome covering said antenna; and e) means for retracting said radome when said antenna is not in use. 