A shorting switch includes a vacuum switch having fixed and movable contact assemblies and a driven member. A spring cover tube and bushing mount the driven member for linear movement along a path substantially parallel to a longitudinal axis of the movable contact assembly. The driven member moves the movable contact assembly between open and closed circuit positions. A compression spring has a compressed state and a released state, which moves the driven member and movable contact assembly to the closed circuit position. A release bolt has an opening therein and is coupled to the driven member to normally maintain the compression spring in the compressed state. A charge is disposed in the opening of the release bolt and is actuated to fracture the release bolt and release the compression spring to the released state. First and second terminals are respectively electrically interconnected with the fixed and movable contact assemblies.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A shorting switch for eliminating arcing faults in power distribution equipment, said shorting switch comprising: a vacuum switch comprising a vacuum envelope containing a fixed contact assembly and a movable contact assembly movable along a longitudinal axis between a closed circuit position in electrical contact with the fixed contact assembly and an open circuit position spaced apart from the fixed contact assembly; a driven member; a mount mounting the driven member for linear movement along a path substantially parallel to the longitudinal axis of the movable contact assembly, said driven member coupled to the movable contact assembly to move the movable contact assembly between the open circuit position and the closed circuit position with the linear movement of the driven member; a spring member having a compressed state and a released state, which moves said driven member and the movable contact assembly to the closed circuit position; a release member having an opening therein, said release member coupled to said driven member and normally maintaining said spring member in the compressed state; a charge disposed in the opening of said release member, said charge being actuated to fracture said release member and release said spring member to the released state; and first and second terminals respectively electrically interconnected with said fixed contact assembly and said movable contact assembly. 2. The shorting switch of claim 1 wherein said vacuum envelope is a sealed vacuum chamber; wherein said fixed contact assembly comprises a fixed contact sealed within the sealed vacuum chamber and an electrical conductor connected to the fixed contact at one end thereof, said electrical conductor sealably penetrating the sealed vacuum chamber and terminating at said first terminal at the other end of said fixed contact; wherein said movable contact assembly comprises a moveable contact sealed within the sealed vacuum chamber and moveable between a first position, out of electrical communication with the fixed contact, and a second position, in electrical communication with the fixed contact, said movable contact assembly further comprises a movable electrical stem connected to the moveable contact at one end thereof, said movable electrical stem sealably penetrating the sealed vacuum chamber and terminating at said second terminal at the other end of said moveable contact; and wherein said driven member is coupled to the movable electrical stem. 3. The shorting switch as recited in claim 1 wherein said spring member is a compression spring having a first end and a second end; wherein said release member is a release bolt having a first end and a second end; and wherein said mount comprises a bushing having a longitudinal opening and further comprises a longitudinal tube having a closed end and an open end, said longitudinal tube housing said compression spring, said release bolt and said charge, the first end of said compression spring engaging the closed end of said longitudinal tube, the first end of said release bolt coupled to the closed end of said longitudinal tube, the first end of said driven member coupled to the second end of said release bolt, said bushing resting in the open end of said longitudinal tube, said driven member resting in the longitudinal opening of said bushing, the second end of said compression spring biasing said driven member to move the movable contact assembly to the closed circuit position after actuation of said charge. 4. The shorting switch as recited in claim 1 wherein said charge is an electrically activated, chemical charge. 5. The shorting switch as recited in claim 1 wherein said first and second terminals are adapted for electrical connection to first and second power lines, respectively. 6. The shorting switch as recited in claim 1 wherein said first terminal is adapted for electrical connection to a power line; and wherein said second terminal is adapted for electrical connection to a flexible conductor. 7. The shorting switch as recited in claim 1 wherein said first and second terminals are adapted for electrical connection to a power line and a neutral or ground. 8. The shorting switch as recited in claim 1 wherein said release member has a longitudinal axis; and wherein the opening of said release member is a longitudinal cavity along said longitudinal axis of said release member. 9. The shorting switch as recited in claim 8 wherein said charge is activated to provide a shock wave to fracture said release member; and wherein said release member is a release bolt having a body and a breakline disposed thereon to locate and control fracture of said release bolt responsive to said shock wave. 10. The shorting switch as recited in claim 9 wherein the breakline has a predetermined depth in the body of said release bolt; and wherein said spring member has a predetermined compression force, with said release bolt being structured to maintain at least said compression force until after said charge is activated. 11. A shorting system for eliminating arcing faults in power distribution equipment, said shorting system comprising: a vacuum switch comprising a vacuum envelope containing a fixed contact assembly and a movable contact assembly movable along a longitudinal axis between a closed circuit position in electrical contact with the fixed contact assembly and an open circuit position spaced apart from the fixed contact assembly; a driven member; a mount mounting the driven member for linear movement along a path substantially parallel to the longitudinal axis of the movable contact assembly, said driven member coupled to the movable contact assembly to move the movable contact assembly between the open circuit position and the closed circuit position with the linear movement of the driven member; a spring member having a compressed state and a released state, which moves said driven member and the movable contact assembly to the closed circuit position; a release member having an opening therein, said release member coupled to said driven member and normally maintaining said spring member in the compressed state; a charge disposed in the opening of said release member, said charge being actuated to fracture said release member and release said spring member to the released state; first and second terminals respectively electrically interconnected with said fixed contact assembly and said movable contact assembly; and means for detecting an arcing fault and responsively activating the charge disposed in the opening of said release member, wherein said activated charge fractures said release member, which releases said spring member, which drives said driven member to move the movable contact assembly to the closed circuit position to eliminate said arcing fault. 12. The shorting system as recited in claim 11 wherein said charge includes an electrical input; and wherein said means for detecting an arcing fault and responsively activating the charge comprises means for detecting the arcing fault and responsively outputting a trigger signal, and means for detecting the trigger signal and responsively outputting an activation signal to the electrical input of said charge. 13. The shorting system as recited in claim 12 said charge is an electrically activated, chemical charge. 14. The shorting system as recited in claim 11 wherein said vacuum switch is adapted for operation with medium voltage power distribution equipment. 15. The shorting system as recited in claim 11 wherein said means for detecting an arcing fault and responsively activating the charge has an activation delay of about 550 .mu.s after initiation of an arcing fault event. 16. The shorting system as recited in claim 12 wherein said means for detecting the arcing fault and responsively outputting a trigger signal comprises at least one photovoltaic sensor adapted to detect the arcing fault and output an optical signal as said trigger signal. 17. The shorting system as recited in claim 16 wherein said arcing fault includes arc light; and wherein said at least one photovoltaic sensor is a photovoltaic sensor, which is self-powered from the arc light, said photovoltaic sensor having an output with said trigger signal, which is responsive to said arc light. 18. The shorting system as recited in claim 12 wherein said means for detecting the arcing fault and responsively outputting a trigger signal comprises a plurality of photovoltaic sensors adapted to detect the arcing fault and output a plurality of first optical signals on a plurality of outputs, an optical multiplexer having a plurality of inputs and an output, a plurality of fiber optic cables connected between the outputs of said photovoltaic sensors and the inputs of said optical multiplexer, the output of said optical multiplexer outputting a second optical signal as said trigger signal. 19. The shorting system as recited in claim 12 wherein said means for detecting the trigger signal and responsively outputting an activation signal to the electrical input of said charge comprises means for generating a charge voltage, a spark gap adapted to electrically connect the charge voltage to the electrical input of said charge, said spark gap having a control input, and means for detecting the trigger signal and responsively outputting a control signal to the control input of said spark gap, said spark gap outputting the activation signal to the electrical input of said charge responsive to said control signal. 20. The shorting system as recited in claim 19 wherein said means for detecting the trigger signal and responsively outputting a control signal comprises means for detecting the trigger signal, and means for outputting the control signal responsive to the detected trigger signal. 21. The shorting system as recited in claim 20 wherein said means for detecting the trigger signal and responsively outputting a control signal further comprises means for tripping an upstream circuit breaker for said power distribution equipment responsive to the detected trigger signal. 22. The shorting system as recited in claim 12 wherein said charge includes an electrical input; and wherein said means for detecting an arcing fault and responsively activating the charge comprises means for detecting the arcing fault and responsively outputting a plurality of trigger signals, and means for detecting the trigger signals and responsively outputting an activation signal to the electrical input of said charge. 23. A shorting switch for eliminating arcing faults in power distribution equipment, said shorting switch comprising: a vacuum switch comprising a vacuum envelope containing a fixed contact assembly and a movable contact assembly movable along a longitudinal axis between a closed circuit position in electrical contact with the fixed contact assembly and an open circuit position spaced apart from the fixed contact assembly; a driven member having a longitudinal opening with a circumferential groove therein; a mount mounting the driven member for linear movement along a path substantially parallel to the longitudinal axis of the movable contact assembly, said driven member coupled to the movable contact assembly to move the movable contact assembly between the open circuit position and the closed circuit position with the linear movement of the driven member; a spring member having a compressed state and a released state, which moves said driven member and the movable contact assembly to the closed circuit position; a ball-lock member having a plurality of ball bearings and a push rod with a circumferential groove therein, said ball bearings engaging the circumferential groove of the longitudinal opening of the driven member to hold said spring member in the compressed state and to hold said movable contact assembly in the open circuit position; means for driving the push rod of said ball-lock member into the longitudinal opening of said driven member to cause said ball bearings to engage the circumferential groove of the push rod of said ball-lock member and to release said driven member, in order to move the movable contact assembly to the closed circuit position; and first and second terminals respectively electrically connected to said fixed contact assembly and said movable contact assembly. 24. The shorting switch of claim 23 wherein said means for driving the push rod is a solenoid having a plunger, which drives the push rod of said ball-lock member into the longitudinal opening of said driven member when said solenoid is actuated. 25. The shorting switch of claim 23 wherein said spring member is a compression spring having a first end and a second end; wherein said ball-lock member has a first end and a second end; wherein said driven member has a first end with said longitudinal opening and a second end; and wherein said mount comprises a longitudinal tube having a first end and an open second end, said longitudinal tube housing said compression spring and said ball-lock member, the first end of said compression spring engaging the first end of said longitudinal tube, the first end of said ball-lock member coupled to the first end of said longitudinal tube, the second end of said driven member coupled to said movable contact assembly, the first end of said driven member passing through the open second end of said longitudinal tube, the second end of said compression spring biasing said driven member to move the movable contact assembly to the closed circuit position. 26. The shorting switch of claim 25 wherein the push rod of said ball-lock member passes through the first end of said longitudinal tube; and wherein said means for driving the push rod is a solenoid having a plunger, which drives the push rod of said ball-lock member into the longitudinal opening of said driven member when said solenoid is actuated. 27. The shorting switch as recited in claim 23 wherein said first terminal is adapted for electrical connection to a power line; and wherein said second terminal is adapted for electrical connection to a flexible conductor. 28. A shorting system for eliminating arcing faults in power distribution equipment, said shorting system comprising: a housing; a vacuum switch comprising a vacuum envelope containing a fixed contact assembly and a movable contact assembly movable along a longitudinal axis between a closed circuit position in electrical contact with the fixed contact assembly and an open circuit position spaced apart from the fixed contact assembly; a driven member; a mount mounting the driven member in said housing for linear movement along a path substantially parallel to the longitudinal axis of the movable contact assembly, said driven member coupled to the movable contact assembly to move the movable contact assembly between the open circuit position and the closed circuit position with the linear movement of the driven member; a spring member having a compressed state and a released state, which moves said driven member and the movable contact assembly to the closed circuit position; a latch member, which normally latches said driven member to hold said spring member in the compressed state and to hold said movable contact assembly in the open circuit position, said latch member releasing said driven member to move the movable contact assembly to the closed circuit position, said latch member having an end, which engages said driven member, and a pivot in said housing; means for detecting an arcing fault and responsively unlatching the end of said latch member to release said driven member to move the movable contact assembly to the closed circuit position; and first and second terminals respectively electrically interconnected with said fixed contact assembly and said movable contact assembly. 29. The shorting system of claim 28 wherein the end of said latch member is a first end; wherein said latch member also has a second end; and wherein said means for detecting an arcing fault and responsively unlatching said latch member to release said driven member comprises a solenoid having a plunger, which moves the second end of said latch member to pivot said latch member about said pivot and to cause the first end of said latch member to release said driven member. 30. The shorting system as recited in claim 28 wherein said first terminal is adapted for electrical connection to a power line; and wherein said second terminal is adapted for electrical connection to a flexible conductor. 