An accelerated weathering test apparatus for concentrating solar radiation upon at least one test specimen including a target board, a reflector device, an air circulation device, a feedback device, an input device and a controller. Ambient air is circulated over the target board to cool the test specimens. The controller continuously sets a dynamic set point based on the reference signal from the input device which is representative of a complex temperature cycle of a material end-use application and adjusts the rate of air circulation based on a test signal from the feedback device.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An accelerated weathering test apparatus of the type used to concentrate solar radiation upon test specimens, the apparatus dynamically controlling a test specimen temperature in order to simulate complex temperature cycles of a material end-use application, the apparatus comprising: a target board for supporting at least one test specimen to be exposed to concentrated solar radiation; a reflector device for reflecting solar radiation and concentrating the reflected solar radiation on to the target board for illuminating the at least one test specimen; an air circulation device for circulating ambient air over the target board for adjusting the temperature of the at least one test specimen, the air circulation device including an electric motor and a fan powered by the electric motor for creating a flow of ambient air; a feedback device mounted to the target board for exposure to the concentrated solar radiation and generating a test signal responsive to a temperature thereof and representative of the test specimen temperature; an input device which continuously generates a dynamic reference signal representative of a complex temperature cycle of a material end-use application; and a controller connected to the input device and responsive to the dynamic reference signal in order to generate a temperature set point, and the controller further connected to the feedback device and responsive to the test signal for selectively controlling the application of electrical power to the electric motor in order to control a rate at which ambient air is circulated over the target board, the rate being generally increased when the temperature of the feedback device is greater than the temperature set point, and the rate being generally decreased when the temperature of the feedback device is less than the temperature set point, and the rate being generally maintained constant when the temperature of feedback device is substantially equal to the temperature set point. 2. The apparatus cited by claim 1, wherein the input device is a temperature sensitive component, an apparatus for replaying a recorded environment temperature cycle, an apparatus for generating a complex temperature cycle or a non-contact monitoring device. 3. The apparatus recited by claim 1, wherein the apparatus further includes a trimming offset device connected to the controller and the input device for applying an offset to the reference signal. 4. The apparatus recited by claim 3, wherein the offset applied to the reference signal is an absolute offset, a proportional offset, a function offset or no offset. 5. The apparatus recited by claim 1, wherein the fan is a squirrel cage blower powered by the electric motor. 6. The apparatus recited by claim 1, wherein the air circulation device includes an air tunnel coupled to the target board, the air tunnel having an outlet extending coextensive with the target board for circulating ambient air over the target board. 7. The apparatus recited by claim 1, wherein the feedback device is secured in a heat conductive relationship to a panel mounted to the target board. 8. The apparatus recited by claim 7, wherein the feedback device further includes a black coating overlying the feedback device and the panel for absorbing solar radiation impinging thereon. 9. An accelerated weathering test apparatus of the type used to concentrate solar radiation upon test specimens, the apparatus being adapted to dynamically control a test specimen temperature to simulate complex temperature cycles of a material end-use application, the apparatus comprising: a target board for supporting at least one test specimen to be exposed to concentrated solar radiation; a reflector device for reflecting solar radiation and concentrating the reflected solar radiation on to the target board for illuminating the at least one test specimen; an air circulation device for circulating ambient air over the target board for cooling the at least one test specimen, the air circulation device including an electric motor and a fan powered by the electric motor for creating a flow of ambient air; at least one feedback device mounted to the target board for exposure to the concentrated solar radiation and generating a test signal responsive to the temperature thereof and representative of the test specimen temperature; at least two input devices, each for generating a respective dynamic reference signal representative of a different complex temperature cycle of a material end-use application; and a controller connected to a first switch for alternatively selecting one of the at least two input devices and responsive to the selected dynamic reference signal for generating a temperature set point, and the controller further connected to a second switch for alternatively selecting one of the at least one feedback device and responsive to the selected test signal for selectively controlling the application of electrical power to the electric motor in order to control a rate at which ambient air is circulated over the target board, the rate being generally increased when the temperature of the selected one of the at least one feedback device is greater than the temperature set point, and the rate being generally decreased when the temperature of the one of the at least one feedback device is less than the temperature set point, and the rate being generally maintained constant when the temperature of the one of the at least one feedback device is substantially equal to the temperature set point. 10. The apparatus cited by claim 9, wherein the input device is a temperature sensitive component, an apparatus for replaying a recorded environment temperature cycle, an apparatus for generating a complex temperature cycle or a non-contact monitoring device. 11. The apparatus recited by claim 9, wherein the apparatus further includes a trimming offset device connected to the controller and the first switch for applying an offset to the selected reference signal. 12. The apparatus recited by claim 11, wherein the offset applied to the reference signal is an absolute offset, a proportional offset, a function offset or no offset. 13. The apparatus recited by claim 9, wherein the fan is a squirrel cage blower powered by the electric motor. 14. The apparatus recited by claim 9, wherein the air circulation apparatus device includes an air tunnel coupled to the target board, the air tunnel having an outlet extending coextensive with the target board for circulating ambient air over the target board. 15. The apparatus recited by claim 9, wherein the feedback device is secured in a heat conductive relationship to a panel mounted to the target board. 16. The apparatus recited by claim 15, wherein the feedback device further includes a black coating overlying the feedback device and the panel for absorbing solar radiation impinging thereon. 17. The apparatus recited by claim 9, wherein the controller selects one of the at least one feedback device which is operatively compatible with the selected one of the at least two input devices. 18. A system for tightly regulating temperature variability amongst a plurality of accelerated weathering test apparatus, of the type used to concentrate solar radiation upon at least one test specimen, during an exposure test where each apparatus is adapted to dynamically control a test specimen temperature to simulate complex temperature cycles of a material end-use application, the system comprising: each of the plurality of accelerated weathering test apparatus including: a target board for supporting the at least one test specimen to be exposed to concentrated solar radiation; a reflector for reflecting solar radiation and concentrating the reflected solar radiation onto the target board for illuminating the at least one test specimen; an air circulation device for circulating ambient air over the target board for cooling the at least one test specimen, the air circulation device including an electric motor and a fan powered by the electrical motor for creating a flow of ambient air; a feedback device mounted to the target board for exposure to the concentrated solar radiation and generating a test signal responsive to the temperature thereof and representative of the test specimen temperature; an input device for continuously generating a dynamic reference signal representative of a complex temperature cycle of a material end-use application; and a controller connected to the input device and responsive to the reference signal for generating a temperature set point, and the controller further connected to the feedback device and responsive to the test signal for selectively controlling application of electrical power to the electric motor, in order to control a rate at which ambient air is circulated over the target board, the rate being generally increased when the temperature of the feedback device is greater than the dynamic temperature set point, and the rate being generally decreased when the temperature of the feedback device is less than the dynamic temperature set point, and the rate being generally maintained constant when the temperature of the feedback device is substantially equal to the dynamic temperature set point; the input device of a first one apparatus disposed remote from the plurality of accelerated weathering test apparatus; and the input device of each other apparatus consecutively linking in series the first one apparatus and the other apparatus, such that the other apparatus are dependently controlled from the first one apparatus to reduce temperature variability across the system. 19. The system cited by claim 18, wherein the input device associated with the first one apparatus is a temperature sensitive component, an apparatus for replaying a recorded environment temperature cycle, an apparatus for generating a complex temperature cycle or a non-contact monitoring device. 20. The system recited by claim 18, wherein the first one apparatus further includes a trimming offset device connected to the controller and the input device for applying an offset to the reference signal. 21. The system recited by claim 20, wherein the offset applied to the reference signal is an absolute offset, a proportional offset, a function offset or no offset. 22. The system recited by claim 18, wherein the fan is a squirrel cage blower powered by the electric motor. 23. The system recited by claim 18, wherein the air circulation device includes an air tunnel coupled to the target board, the air tunnel having an outlet extending coextensive with the target board for circulating ambient air over the target board. 24. The system recited by claim 18, wherein the feedback device is secured in a heat conductive relationship to a panel mounted to the target board. 25. The system recited by claim 24, wherein the feedback device further includes a black coating overlying the feedback device and the panel for absorbing solar radiation impinging thereon. 26. The system recited by claim 24, wherein the input device associated with the other apparatus is a temperature sensitive component or a non-contact monitoring device. 