Light sources are mounted within a light-proof enclosure in which photovoltaic panels are mounted to produce electrical power irrespective of weather conditions outside the enclosure.
Claims I claim: 1. An electrical power module, comprising: a) a light-proof enclosure; b) an electrically energizable light source within the enclosure, for emitting light when energized; c) a photovoltaic panel within the enclosure, for converting the light emitted by the light source to electrical power; and d) an additional light source within the enclosure, for emitting additional light when energized. 2. The module of claim 1, wherein the enclosure has generally planar walls, and wherein the panel is mounted on an interior surface of one of the walls. 3. The module of claim 1, and further comprising a light reflector within the enclosure, for reflecting the light emitted by the light sources toward the panel. 4. An electrical power module, comprising: a) a light-proof enclosure having generally planar walls; b) an electrically energizable light source within the enclosure, for emitting light when energized; c) a photovoltaic panel mounted on an interior surface of one of the walls within the enclosure, for converting the light emitted by the light source to electrical power; and d) an additional photovoltaic panel mounted on an interior surface of another of the walls, for converting the light emitted by the light source to electrical power. 5. The module of claim 4, and further comprising an additional light source within the enclosure, for emitting additional light when energized. 6. The module of claim 4, and further comprising a light reflector within the enclosure, for reflecting the light emitted by the light source toward the panel. 7. An electrical power system, comprising: a) an electrical power module including a light-proof enclosure, an electrically energizable light source within the enclosure for emitting light when energized, a photovoltaic panel within the enclosure for converting the light emitted by the light source to electrical power, and an additional light source and an additional photovoltaic panel, both mounted within the enclosure; and b) a control circuit for energizing the light sources. 8. The system of claim 7, and further comprising a light reflector mounted within the enclosure. 9. The system of claim 7, wherein the control circuit includes a relay having switched states in which an external power source is operatively connected to, and disconnected from, respectively, the light sources. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the external power source is a battery for supplying DC voltage, and wherein the control circuit includes an inverter for converting the DC voltage to AC voltage to energize the light sources. 