The present invention is a solar powered aeration system that incorporates a battery. The device can be used for improvement of water bodies for use in aquaculture systems, reservoirs, water storage tanks, fish tanks, artificial ponds and lakes, and the like. The device does not require connection to the electrical power grid and may be used in any location. Further, the device can be used during periods of low oxygen content, which is typically the period of day just before sunrise. Additionally, the device uses a laminar column of water to enhance circulation of the water body. Increased efficiency can be obtained by matching the diffuser to the pump size, which is important in solar powered applications.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar powered device for aerating a body of water having a depth comprising: at least one solar power source being electrically connected to at least one battery being electrically connected to at least one air compressor, said air compressor having a range of maximum efficiency; at least one diffuser that is pneumatically connected to said air compressor, said diffuser being mounted in said body of water at said depth and providing a backpressure at said depth of said body of water to said air compressor such that said backpressure enables said air compressor to operate within said range of maximum efficiency and enables said diffuser to produce a substantially laminar water column, said diffuser having a plurality of holes spaced at a predetermined spacing and sufficiently small so as to minimize coalescing of bubbles produced at said depth by said diffuser; said device being adapted to produce said substantially a laminar water column. 2. The device of claim 1 further comprising: a controller electrically connected between said battery and said air compressor for the purpose of turning said air compressor on and off. 3. The device of claim 2 further comprising: an oxygen sensor mounted in said body of water electrically connected to said controller whereby the signal from said sensor is used by said air controller to turn on and off said air compressor to maintain the oxygen level of said body of water above a predetermined level. 4. A solar powered device for aerating a body of water having a depth comprising: at least one solar power source being electrically connected to at least one battery being electrically connected to at least one air compressor; at least one oxygen generator being electrically connected to said battery and pneumatically connected to said air compressor, said air compressor having a range of maximum efficiency; at least one diffuser that is pneumatically connected to said oxygen generator, said diffuser being mounted in said body of water at said depth and providing a backpressure at said depth of said body of water to said air compressor such that said backpressure enables said air compressor to operate within said range of maximum efficiency and enables said diffuser to produce a substantially laminar water column, said diffuser having a plurality of holes spaced at a predetermined spacing and sufficiently small so as to minimize coalescing of bubbles produced at said depth by said diffuser; and said device being adapted to produce said substantially laminar water column. 5. The device of claim 4 further comprising: a controller electrically connected between said battery and said air compressor for the purpose of turning said air compressor on and off. 6. The device of claim 5 further comprising: an oxygen sensor mounted in said body of water electrically connected to said controller whereby the signal from said sensor is used by said controller to turn on and off said air compressor to maintain the oxygen level of said body of water above a predetermined level. 7. A solar powered device for aerating a body of water having a depth comprising: at least one solar power source being electrically connected to at least one battery being electrically connected to at least one air compressor, said air compressor having a range of maximum efficiency; at least one ozone generator being electrically connected to said battery and pneumatically connected to said air compressor; at least one diffuser that is pneumatically connected to said ozone generator, said diffuser being mounted in said body of water at said depth and providing a backpressure at said depth of said body of water to said air compressor such that said backpressure enables said air compressor to operate within said range of maximum efficiency and enables said diffuser to produce a substantially laminar water column, said diffuser having a plurality of holes spaced at a predetermined spacing and sufficiently small so as to minimize coalescing of bubbles produced at said depth by said diffuser; and said device being adapted to produce said substantially laminar water column. 8. The device of claim 7 further comprising: a controller electrically connected between said battery and said air compressor for the purpose of turning said air compressor on and off. 9. The device of claim 8 further comprising: an oxygen sensor mounted in said body of water electrically connected to said controller whereby the signal from said sensor is used by said controller to turn on and off said air compressor to maintain the oxygen level of said body of water above a predetermined amount. 10. A solar powered device for aerating a body of water having a depth comprising: at least one solar power source being electrically connected to at least one battery being electrically connected to at least one air compressor; at least one oxygen generator being electrically connected to said battery and pneumatically connected to said air compressor; at least one ozone generator being electrically connected to said battery and pneumatically connected to said oxygen generator; at least one diffuser that are pneumatically connected to said ozone generator, said diffuser being mounted in said body of water at said depth and providing a backpressure at said depth of said body of water to said air compressor such that said backpressure enables said air compressor to operate within said range of maximum efficiency and enables said diffuser to produce a substantially laminar water column, said diffuser having a plurality of holes spaced at a predetermined spacing and sufficiently small so as to minimize coalescing of bubbles produced at said depth by said diffuser; and said device being adapted to produce said substantially laminar water column. 11. The device of claim 10 further comprising: a controller electrically connected between said battery and said air compressor for the purpose of turning said air compressor on and off. 12. The device of claim 11 further comprising: an oxygen sensor mounted in said body of water electrically connected to said controller whereby the signal from said sensor is used by said controller to turn on and off said air compressor to maintain the oxygen level of said body of water above a predetermined level. 13. A method for aerating a body of water having a depth using solar energy comprising: creating electrical energy using a solar panel; charging an electrical battery connected to said solar panel; compressing air with an air compressor connected to said battery; communicating said air to a diffuser via a pipe; diffusing said air into said body of water with a diffuser at said depth and providing a backpressure at said depth of said body of water to said air compressor such that said backpressure enables said air compressor to operate within said range of maximum efficiency and enables said diffuser to produce a substantially laminar water column, said diffuser having a plurality of holes spaced at a predetermined spacing and sufficiently small so as to minimize coalescing of bubbles produced at said depth by said diffuser; and creating an aerating laminar bubble column in said body of water so as to maximize efficiency. 14. The method of claim 13 further comprising the step of controlling said air compressor with a controller electrically connected between said battery and said compressor. 15. A solar powered device for aerating a body of water having a depth comprising: at least one solar power source; at least one battery being electrically connected to said at least one solar power source; at least one air compressor electrically connected to said at least one battery, said compressor having a range of maximum efficiency; at least one diffuser that is pneumatically connected to said air compressor, said diffuser being mounted in said body of water at said depth and providing a backpressure at said depth of said body of water to said air compressor such that said backpressure enables said air compressor to operate within said range of maximum efficiency and enables said diffuser to produce a substantially laminar water column; and a controller electrically connected between said battery and said air compressor for the purpose of turning said air compressor on and off. 16. A method for constructing a solar powered device for aerating a body of water having a depth comprising: selecting at least one solar power source; selecting at least one battery; connecting said at least one battery to said at least one solar power source; selecting at least one air compressor having a range of maximum efficiency; connecting said air compressor to said at least one battery; selecting at least one diffuser that is sized to provide a backpressure at said depth of said body of water to said compressor such that said compressor operates within said range of maximum efficiency, said diffuser further having a plurality of holes spaced so as to minimize coalescing of bubbles produced by said diffuser; connecting said at least one diffuser to said air compressor; mounting said diffuser in said body of water; selecting a controller; and connecting said controller to said battery and said air compressor such that said controller may turn said air compressor on and off. 