A method and system is described for controlling a solar collector. A microprocessor receives inputs from one or more sensors in the system and determines the level of operation of an energy conversion device. If the level of operation reaches a predetermined setpoint below a maximum level at which the device is to operate, a variable focus solar concentrator is defocused to reduce energy input into the energy conversion device. When the system cools down and operates at a second predetermined level, lower than the first predetermined level, the concentrator is then refocused to increase the power input to the energy conversion device.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for controlling a solar concentrator, comprising a solar concentrator having at least one mirror; an energy conversion device associated with the solar concentrator for having sunlight reflected from the at least one mirror focused thereon; means for focusing and defocusing at least one mirror of said solar concentrator on said energy conversion device said means for focusing and defocusing comprising a blower; a sensor for monitoring the operation of said energy conversion device to provide an output indicative of whether the amount of solar energy focused on the energy conversion device is at a maximum amount at which the energy conversion device is to operate; a controller system for controlling operation of the solar concentrator, the at least one mirror, and the energy conversion device, said controller system being further configured for comparing the output of said sensor with a first predetermined value below the value indicative of the maximum amount at which the energy conversion device is to operate, for having said means for focusing and defocusing the at least one mirror to defocus the at least one mirror to cause the output of said sensor to fall below said first predetermined value; and said controller system being further configured for comparing the output of said sensor with a second predetermined value below said first predetermined value for having said means for focusing and defocusing the at least one mirror refocus the at least one mirror on said energy conversion device. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein said at least one mirror comprises multiple mirrors which are flexible membrane mirrors, and said comprising a blower for causing said flexible membrane mirrors to focus and defocus incident sunlight on said energy conversion device depending on its operation. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein said energy conversion device is a Stirling engine, said sensor is a temperature sensor, and said means for focusing and defocusing further comprising a blower controller for causing said blower to turn on and off in response to signals from said controller system generated in response to the output received from the temperature sensor. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein said first predetermined value is set at a level sufficiently low to avoid the energy conversion device reaching a level of operation exceeding the maximum level of operation at which it can operate. 5. The system of claim 3, wherein said first predetermined temperature value is set at about 770.degree. C., and said second predetermined temperature value is set at about 10-15 percent below said first predetermined value. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein said multiple mirrors are fixed focus mirrors mounted on said solar concentrator in a manner in which they can be moved to a position in which reflected solar energy is not fully focused on said energy conversion device. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein said means for focusing and defocusing further comprises moving means for moving at least one of said multiple mirrors between at least two positions, a first position in which at least one of said multiple mirrors focuses reflected solar radiation on the energy conversion device, and a second position in which said at least one of said multiple mirrors does not fully focus reflected solar radiation on said energy conversion device. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein said energy conversion device is a Stirling engine, said sensor is a temperature sensor, and said controller system is connected for having said moving means move at least one of said multiple mirrors into said second position when the sensed temperature reaches the first predetermined value, and into said first position when the sensed temperature reaches the second predetermined value after said at least one mirror having been moved into said second position. 9. The system of claim 2, wherein said energy conversion device comprises a photovoltaic device. 10. The system of claim 6, wherein said energy conversion device comprises a photovoltaic device. 11. The system of claim 9, wherein said sensor is a voltage sensor, and said means for focusing and defocusing comprises a blower controller for causing said blower to turn on and off in response to signals from said controller system generated in response to the output received from the voltage sensor. 12. The system of claim 10, wherein said sensor is a voltage sensor, and said means for focusing and defocusing further comprises moving means for moving at least one of said multiple mirrors between at least two positions, a first position in which at least one of said multiple mirrors focuses reflected solar radiation on the energy conversion device, and a second position in which said at least one of said multiple mirrors does not fully focus reflected solar radiation on said energy conversion device. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein said controller system is connected for having said moving means move at least one of said multiple mirrors into said second position when the sensed voltage reaches the first predetermined value, and into said first position when the sensed voltage reaches the second predetermined value after said at least one mirror has been moved into said second position. 14. A system for controlling a solar concentrator of the type having at least one flexible membrane mirror, an energy conversion device associated with the solar concentrator for having sunlight reflected from the at least one flexible membrane mirror focused thereon, and a blower for focusing said flexible membrane mirror, comprising: a temperature sensor for monitoring the temperature of an energy conversion device having sunlight focused thereon by the at least one flexible membrane mirror on a solar concentrator; an energy conversion device controller for controlling operation of said energy conversion device and for comparing the temperature of said energy conversion device with a first predetermined temperature below a set maximum overheating temperature at which said energy conversion device's operation shuts down, and for issuing a control signal for having operation of a blower focusing said at least one flexible membrane mirror shut down to cause defocusing of said at least one flexible membrane mirror; and said energy conversion device controller being further configured for comparing the temperature of the energy conversion device with a second predetermined temperature below said first predetermined temperature for issuing a signal for having the blower turned back on to refocus the at least one flexible membrane mirror when the temperature of the energy conversion device matches said second predetermined temperature. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein said first predetermined temperature is set at a level sufficiently low to allow said defocusing to occur over a time period without having the energy conversion device reach said set maximum temperature. 16. The system of claim 14, wherein said energy conversion device is a Stirling engine. 17. The system of claim 14, further comprising: a drive mechanism including motor assembles for positioning said solar concentrator relative to the sun; at least one concentrator associated with said concentrator; a concentrator controller for receiving inputs from said sensors, from said temperature sensor, for receiving commands from an external source, and executing instructions based on the state of the system. 18. A method of controlling a solar concentrator system including a solar concentrator with at least one mirror for focusing reflected sunlight on an energy conversion device, an energy conversion device associated with the solar concentrator, the method comprising: providing means for focusing and defocusing reflected sunlight from said at least one mirror on the energy conversion device said means for focusing and defocusing comprision a blower; monitoring the level of operation of the energy conversion device, with the energy conversion device having a predetermined maximum level of operation at which the energy conversion device is to operate; determining if the level of operation of the energy conversion device has reached a first predetermined level of operation below the maximum level of operation at which it is to operate; if the level of operation of the energy conversion reaches said first predetermined level, defocusing said at least one mirror to reduce the intensity of reflected light directed onto the energy conversion device while maintaining the energy conversion device in operation; monitoring the level of operation of the energy conversion device while said at least one mirror is defocused to determine if the level of operation of the energy conversion devices reaches a second predetermined level lower than the first predetermined level; and if the level of operation reaches the second predetermined level, refocusing said at least one mirror. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the energy conversion device is a Stirling engine, and the monitoring comprises monitoring the temperature of the Stirling engine. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein said concentrator system comprises a plurality of flexible membrane mirrors, and said blower focusing the mirrors when in operation, and wherein said mirrors are focused and defocused by turning the blower on and off. 