A traffic control signal has a structure upon which traffic control indicia are formed. At least one LED is formed upon the structure so as to attract attention to the indicia. The LED(s) have a brightness of at least 6,000 millicandella and preferably have a brightness of between approximately 6,000 millicandella and approximately 60,000 millicandella.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A traffic control signal comprising: a structure having traffic control indicia formed thereon; a plurality of LEDs with an output intensity of at least 6,000 millicandella each mounted on the structure, wherein each such LED is disconnectable without interrupting the operation of any other such LED, and wherein each such LED is individually mounted on approximately a same plane and separate from one another to thereby provide discrete points of light as viewed by oncoming traffic; a power source for providing direct current to the plurality of LEDs mounted on the structure, wherein said power source includes a solar photovoltaic panel and a rechargeable battery; a blink cycle timer for causing the plurality of LEDs to blink at some desired frequency; and a control circuit for regulating the operation of the traffic control signal and the blinking of the plurality of LEDs. 2. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, wherein each such LED has a brightness between approximately 6,000 millicandella and approximately 60,000 millicandella; and wherein the solar photovoltaic panel is configured to sense surrounding light. 3. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, further comprising a control circuit coupled to the plurality of LEDs so as to define a duty cycle of the LEDs which is greater than approximately 10%. 4. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, further comprising a control circuit coupled to the plurality of LEDs so as to define a duty cycle of the LEDs which is between approximately 10% and approximately 50%. 5. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, further comprising a control circuit coupled to the plurality of LEDs so as to define a variable duty cycle for the plurality of LEDs. 6. The traffic control signal/as recited in claim 1, wherein said battery is a rechargeable nickel metal hydride battery. 7. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, wherein the control circuit comprises a battery charging circuit coupled to regulate charging of the battery by the solar panel. 8. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, wherein the control circuit comprises a battery charging circuit coupled to regulate charging of the battery by the solar panel, the battery charging circuit being configured to inhibit discharging of the battery when illumination is insufficient to effect charging of the battery by the solar panel and the battery charging circuit being configured to cease charging of the battery when ambient temperature exceeds a predetermined threshold value. 9. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, wherein the control circuit comprises: a battery charging circuit coupled to regulate charging of the battery by the solar panel, the battery charging circuit comprising: a diode coupled to inhibit discharging of the battery when ambient illumination is insufficient to effect charging of the battery by the solar panel; and a thermistor coupled to substantially cease charging of the battery when ambient temperature exceeds a predetermined threshold value. 10. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, wherein the control circuit is configured to effect illumination of the LEDs by the battery when ambient light received by the solar panel drops below a predetermined threshold. 11. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, wherein the control circuit is configured to effect illumination of the plurality of LEDs by the battery when an output of the solar panel drops below a predetermined threshold. 12. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, further comprising an override control circuit for facilitating external control of the plurality of LEDs. 13. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, further comprising a theft transponder for transmitting a signal if the structure is moved. 14. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, further comprising a multiple sign control circuit configured to facilitate control of the plurality of LEDs on a plurality of traffic control signs. 15. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, further comprising a multiple intersection control circuit configured to control traffic control signals at a plurality of intersections. 16. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, wherein the plurality of LEDs are of a single color. 17. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, wherein the plurality of LEDs comprises a plurality of different colors. 18. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, wherein the LED(s) comprise at least one self-blinking LED. 19. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, wherein the solar panel has an active surface and is configured so as to mitigate incidence of automobile headlights upon the active surface. 20. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, wherein the solar panel has an active surface and is aimed approximately vertically so as to mitigate incidence of automobile headlights upon the active surface. 21. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, further comprising a sensor for sensing a presence of an approaching automobile and a control circuit configured to at least one of activate and control the blink rate of the plurality of LEDs when an approaching automobile is sensed. 22. The traffic control signal of claim 1, wherein each LED has an external diameter not exceeding 10 mm and is generally aimed towards oncoming traffic in a distinct and unique pattern to enhance driver recognition of the physical size, geometric shape, color, and indicia of the structure. 23. A traffic control signal comprising: a structure having traffic control indicia formed thereon; at least one LED with an output intensity of at least 6,000 millicandella mounted on the structure, said at least one LED being disconnectable without interrupting the operation of any remaning LEDs; at a power source for providing direct current to the LEDs mounted on the structure, wherein said power source includes a solar photovoltaic panel and a rechargeable battery; a blink cycle timer for causing the LEDs to blink at a desired frequency of once every 0.2 to 5 seconds; and a control circuit for effecting modification of at least one of a duty cycle and an on time of the LEDs when an ambient temperature drops below a predetermined threshold value. 24. A traffic control signal comprising: a structure having traffic control indicia formed thereon; at least two LEDs with an output intensity of at least 6,000 millicandella each mounted on the structure, said at least two LEDs being disconnectable without interrupting the operation of any remaining LEDs and each being positioned separate from one another to be perceived by oncoming traffic as individually positioned LEDs; an external power port for coupling an external power source to the at least two LEDs mounted on the structure to effect illumination thereof; a control circuit for controlling the operation and power handling of the traffic control signal and the blinking of the LEDs; and wherein each LED is configured to protrude from the structure. 25. The traffic control signal of claim 24, wherein each LED has an external diameter not exceeding about 10 mm and is generally aimed towards oncoming traffic to form discrete points of light, and wherein the LED is further configured in a distinct and unique pattern to enhance driver recognition of the physical size, geometric shape, color and indicia on the structure. 26. A method for enhancing the visibility of conventional traffic signs or structures by locating eight discrete, individually-mounted LEDs thereupon such that the output light for each LED is aimed approximately towards oncoming motor vehicle traffic, said LEDs forming at least one of a recognizable geometric pattern and approximately defining the physical size of said sign or structure, wherein each of said individual LEDs: provides an output light intensity of 6,000 millicandella or more; has an external diameter not exceeding about 10 mm; is provided with appropriate direct current electrical power from a blink cycle timer and battery rated at 1600 mAh; and blinks once every 0.2 to 5.0 seconds as effectuated by the blink cycle timer and a control circuit, wherein said eight LEDs operate continuously in blink mode at a duty cycle of 50% without any addition of external power to the battery for a period of at least about 50 hours. 27. An enhanced visibility system for a traffic control signal comprising: at least two LEDs; a rechargeable battery for powering said control circuit; a water-resistant housing for housing the control circuit; a control circuit for effecting blinking of each such LEDs; and wherein each such LEDs has a brightness of at least 6,000 millicandella and a light beam radiation angle of less than 20 degree and is connected to the control circuit inside the water-resistant housing by suitable connection means each LED is further configured to protrude from a structure on which it is mounted. 28. The enhanced visibility system as recited in claim 27 further comprising a water-resistant housing generally surrounding each LED and the control circuit. 29. The enhanced visibility system as recited in claim 27 further comprising a solar panel configured to recharge a rechargeable battery. 30. A method for enhancing the visibility of conventional traffic signs or structures, including mounting a plurality of LEDs thereupon, such that the output light from each LED is aimed approximately towards oncoming motor vehicle traffic, wherein each of said individual LED: can be disconnected from said traffic sign or structure without interrupting the blinking operation of any remaining LED thereupon; provides an output light intensity of at least 6,000 millicandella; is spaced apart from an adjacent LED as compared to the LED's diameter and the structure; is provided with appropriate direct current electrical power derived from sunlight by suitable solar photovoltaic panel, rechargeable battery and blink cycle timer circuit means; and blinks once every 0.2 to 5.0 seconds as effectuated by the blink cycle timer and when blink has a light pattern that is comparatively small independent of any shield. 31. The method of claim 30, wherein each of the LED have a brightness of between approximately 6,000 millicandella and approximately 60,000 millicandella. 32. The method of claim 30, further including providing a control circuit coupled to the plurality of LEDs so as to define a duty cycle of the plurality of LEDs which is greater than approximately 10%. 33. The method of claim 30, further including providing a control circuit coupled to the plurality of LEDs so as to define a duty cycle of the plurality of LEDs which is between approximately 10% and approximately 50%. 34. The method of claim 30, further including providing a control circuit coupled to the plurality of LEDs so as to define a variable duty cycle for the plurality of LEDs. 35. The method of claim 30, wherein said battery is a nickel metal hydride battery. 36. The method of claim 30, further including providing a battery charging circuit coupled to regulate charging of the battery by the solar panel. 37. The method of claim 30, further including a battery charging circuit coupled to regulate charging of the battery by the solar panel, the battery charging circuit being configured to inhibit discharging of the battery when ambient illumination is insufficient to effect charging of the battery by the solar panel, said battery charging circuit being further configured to cease charging of the battery when ambient temperature exceeds a predetermined threshold value. 38. The method of claim 30, further including providing a battery charging circuit coupled to regulate charging of the battery by the solar panel, the battery charging circuit comprising: a diode coupled to inhibit discharging of the battery when ambient illumination is insufficient to effect charging of the battery by the solar panel; and a thermistor coupled to substantially cease charging of the battery when ambient temperature exceeds a predetermined threshold value. 39. The method of claim 30, further including providing a control circuit to effect illumination of the plurality of LEDs when ambient light received by the solar panel drops below a predetermined threshold of darkness. 40. The method of claim 30, further including providing a control circuit coupled to effect illumination of the plurality of LEDs when an output of the solar panel drops below a predetermined threshold. 41. The method of claim 30, further providing a solar panel coupled to facilitate illumination of the plurality of LEDs, wherein said solar panel has an active surface and is configured so as to mitigate incidence of automobile headlights upon the active surface. 42. The method of claim 30, further providing a solar panel coupled to facilitate illumination of the plurality of LEDs, wherein the solar panel has an active surface and is aimed approximately vertically so as to mitigate incidence of automobile headlights upon the active surface. 43. The method of claim 30, wherein said rechargeable battery is capable of operating at least eight individual LEDs at a duty cycle of 50% for a period of at least about 60 to 120 hours without being recharged. 44. The method of claim 30, further comprising the provision of a solar photovoltaic panel to enable recharging the battery during deployed operation of said traffic signs. 45. The method of claim 30, further including providing an external power port for coupling an external power source to the plurality of LEDs to effect illumination thereof. 46. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, wherein the structure comprises a generally planar structure. 47. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, wherein the structure defines a sign. 48. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, wherein the structure defines a stop sign. 49. The traffic control signal as recited in claim 1, further comprising a control circuit coupled to the plurality of LEDs so as to define a duty cycle of the plurality of LEDs. 50. The method of claim 30, wherein said method includes at least eight of said LEDs and said battery is capable of operating said at least eight LEDs in continuous blink mode at a duty cycle of at least about 20% for a period of not less than 5 days or 120 hours, during which time no sunlight is provided for charging said battery by means of said solar photovoltaic panel. 51. The method of claim 30, wherein the LEDs form discrete points of light configured in a distinct and unique pattern to enhance driver recognition of the physical size, geometric shape, color and indicia on an individual traffic sign or structure, each LED further has a diameter not exceeding 10 mm. 52. The method of claim 30, further comprising providing an override control circuit for facilitating external control of the plurality of LEDs. 