The present invention 10 discloses a fan/skylight combination unit mounted on a common frame 19 wherein the preferred embodiment includes a fan assembly 14 powered by photovoltaic panels 16 thereby providing increased natural lighting into the interior of the structure 12 while removing excessive heat therefrom. The white outer dome 38 reflects heat therefrom and the air space between the inner 40 and outer 38 domes serves as a thermal barrier to prevent the transfer of heat from the atmosphere into the, interior of the structure 12. The solar rays collected by the photovoltaic panel 16 energize the fan motor 20 and forcibly ventilates the interior of the structure 12.
Claims I claim: 1. An apparatus for a combination skylight and solar powered exhaust fan for mounting to a structural member on the roof of a building, comprising: a) a base frame for mounting onto a structural member of a building, said base frame having at least one opening therein, said opening having a recess disposed about its periphery for receiving a fan housing base of a solar fan assembly, said base frame having an upper portion and a lower portion; b) a fan housing base disposed in said recess of said base frame, said fan housing base having a centrally disposed aperture therein, said centrally disposed aperture for receiving a solar fan assembly therein; c) a cylindrical fan housing centrally disposed on said fan housing base, said cylindrical fan housing forming a fan housing around said centrally disposed aperture for receiving a solar fan assembly, said cylindrical fan housing having an inner and outer surface; d) a retaining element for securing said fan housing base to said base frame, said retaining element having at least one opening therein for receiving said solar fan assembly and a photovoltaic panel, wherein said fan housing base is secured between said retaining element and said base frame; e) means for a solar fan assembly whereby said fan assembly is powered by a photovoltaic panel, wherein said means for solar fan assembly is connected to said cylindrical fan housing; and f) a pair of skylight domes disposed between said upper and lower portions of said base frame adjacent to said fan housing base and said retaining element to permit sunlight to pass into the interior of the building, wherein said pair of domes are concentrically mounted to form an inner dome and an outer dome having a cavity therein between so that the cavity forms an insulating barrier between the inner and outer domes. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said means for a solar fan assembly, comprises: a) a fan motor for rotating a fan blade; b) a fan blade disposed on said fan motor; c) a fan motor housing disposed about said fan motor; d) a fan mounting bracket disposed about said fan motor to permit attachment to a photovoltaic panel housing and the inner surface of the cylindrical fan housing; e) a photovoltaic panel housing, said photovoltaic panel housing being complimentarily sized and shaped to be disposed on and above said cylindrical fan housing, said photovoltaic panel having a top side; and, f) a photovoltaic panel disposed on said top of said photovoltaic panel housing to collect energy from the sun. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising a screen disposed around the periphery of said cylindrical fan housing to prevent insects from passing therethrough. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein said screen comprises stainless steel. 5. The apparatus of claim 3, further comprising a screen disposed over said housing base to prevent insects from passing therethrough. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein said screen comprises stainless steel. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein there are a pair of solar fan assemblies disposed in the base frame. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein there are four solar fan assemblies disposed in the base frame. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein said outer dome is white to reflect heat. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein said inner dome is clear to allow light to pass therethrough. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein said photovoltaic panel housing comprises plastic. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein said photovoltaic panel housing is ultraviolet stabilized to permit a longer life. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein said base frame further comprises a flange disposed about said upper portion to aid in mounting onto a structural member of a building. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said base frame comprises aluminum. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein said inner dome comprises acrylic. 