An array of elongated concave parabolic trough-shaped reflectors is disclosed. The orientation of the array is biaxially kept essentially perpendicular to rays of the sun by an optical control such that sunlight is reflected and concentrated along a focal line of each elongated reflector by which (a) water in a tube disposed at the focal line is heated by reflected line focused sunlight impinged thereon and/or (b) line focused reflected sunlight is optically transformed into point focused reflected sunlight using Fresnel lenses from which electricity is generated using solar cells upon which the point focused reflected sunlight is impinged.
Claims What is claimed and desired to be secured by Letters Patent is: 1. A method of transforming solar energy to electrical energy comprising the acts of: (a) impinging rays of sunshine upon an array of Fresnel lenses; (b) mechanically and collectively tilting the Fresnel lenses in respect to at least one essentially horizontal axis and mechanically and collectively turning the Fresnel lenses along a curved track in respect to an essentially vertical axis to obtain perpendicularity between the sun and the lenses; (c) position-correcting the tilt and track orientations of the Fresnel lenses collectively to retain said perpendicularity; (d) point focusing rays of sunlight passing Through each Fresnel lens upon a solar cell; (e) reflecting stray sunlight between each Fresnel lens and the associated solar cells to point focus the rays of stray sunlight upon the associated solar cell; (f) transforming the twice point focused sunlight to electrical energy at each solar cell; and (g) communicating the electrical energy for use. 2. A method according to claim 1 wherein the reflecting act comprises impinging the stray sunlight upon converging surfaces adjacent to each solar cell and thence onto each solar cell. 3. A method according to claim 1 wherein the reflecting act is achieved by impinging the stray sunlight upon a funnel-shaped reflector peripherally disposed around each solar cell. 4. A method of converting solar energy to electrical energy comprising the acts of: automatically progressively and collectively turning and tilting an array of Fresnel lenses to maintain an essentially perpendicular relationship between rays of sunlight and all Fresnel lenses while converting at solar cells point focused rays of sunlight primarily via the Fresnel lenses and secondarily via a stray sunlight concentrator interposed between each Fresnel lens and each solar cell. 5. A method of converting solar energy to electrical energy comprising the acts of: progressively and collectively turning and tilting an array of Fresnel lenses to maintain an essentially perpendicular relationship between rays of sunlight and all Fresnel lenses while converting sunlight, primarily and secondarily concentrated upon solar cells, to electricity, the converting act comprising transforming rays emitting from the sun into electricity by passing the rays through each Fresnel lenses to point focus most of the rays upon an associated one of the solar cells, resulting also in some residual stray rays between each Fresnel lens and the associated solar cell, and point focusing the stray rays upon each solar cell. 6. A method of converting solar energy to electrical energy comprising the acts of: progressively and collectively turning and tilting an array of Fresnel lenses to maintain an essentially perpendicular relationship between rays of sunlight and all Fresnel lenses while delivering point focused sunlight in two ways to a plurality of solar cells one solar cell associated with each Fresnel lens, the delivering act comprising impinging influent sunlight in essentially perpendicular relation upon and through each Fresnel lens so that most effluent sunlight from each Fresnel lens is point focused upon the associated solar cell with the remainder of the effluent sunlight being impinged upon a reflective sunlight concentrator and thence as point focused sunlight upon the associated solar cell. 7. A method according to claim 6 wherein the turning and tilting acts comprise continuously sensing the location of the sun and bidirectionally altering collectively the orientation of the array of Fresnel lenses progressively as the relative location of the sun changes to maintain said essentially perpendicular relationship. 8. A method according to claim 7 wherein the sensing act is optical and the altering act is electro-mechanical. 9. A method according to claim 6 further comprising the acts of mounting the array of Fresnel lenses upon an upper frame for pivotal movement in respect to spaced parallel essentially horizontal axes and rotatably mounting the upper frame upon a lower frame having an essentially vertical axis and wherein the turning and tilting acts comprise pivoting the Fresnel lenses essentially in unison around the essentially horizontal axes and rotating the upper frame about the essentially vertical axis to follow the sun. 10. A method according to claim 9 wherein the turning and tilting acts comprise continually optically sensing the ever changing relative location of the sun to generate control signals by which at least one power mechanism pivotally adjusts the positions of the Fresnel lenses around the essentially horizontal axes and by which at least one other power mechanism rotates the upper frame in respect to the lower frame around the essentially vertical axis to thereby continuously maintain the perpendicular relationship. 11. A method according to claim 6 wherein the turning and tilting acts are preceded by the act of mounting the array of Fresnel lenses upon an upper frame rotationally supported upon a lower static frame, the lower static frame being supported by structure selected from the group consisting of ground-engaging columns, roof-engaging columns and non-column support structure. 12. A method of convening solar energy to electrical energy comprising the acts of: positioning an assembly of Fresnel lenses so that each lens is and remains essentially perpendicular to rays of sunlight; and concentrating sunlight imposed upon the Fresnel lenses by point focusing a primary amount of the imposed sunlight upon solar cells and concentrating secondary stray sunlight after it has exited the Fresnel lenses as point focused sunlight upon the solar cells. 13. An apparatus for transforming solar energy to electrical energy comprising: (a) an array of moveable point-focusing assemblies, each assembly seriatim comprising a Fresnel lens, a stray sunlight concentrator and a solar cell; (b) an upper frame supporting the array; (c) a lower frame rotatably supporting the upper frame upon a track; and (d) a control system for collectively adjusting the angularity of each assembly and for curvilinearly displacing the upper frame along the track upon the lower frame, to obtain and retain essentially perpendicularity between rays of sunshine and each assembly so that each solar cell receives primary point focused and secondary point focused sunlight which is transformed into electrical energy. 14. An apparatus for converting solar energy to electrical energy comprising: an array of sunlight-to-electrical energy converting assemblies; a control system for automatically maintaining an essentially perpendicular relationship between rays of sunlight and the assemblies; and each assembly comprising a Fresnel lens, a stray sunlight concentrator and a solar cell by which sunlight exiting the Fresnel lens is delivered to the solar cell as primary and secondary point focused sunlight for conversion to electricity. 15. A method of converting solar energy to electrical and thermal energy comprising the acts of: automatically progressively and collectively turning and tilting an array of energy converters comprised of Fresnel lenses, solar cells, and liquid containing tubes to maintain an essentially perpendicular relationship between rays of sunlight and all energy converters while converting sunlight into electrical energy at the solar cells where point focused rays of sunlight are impinged via the Fresnel lenses and heating the liquid in the tubes to obtain thermal energy. 