A terminal box is provided for covering an exposed electrode portion of a photovoltaic element. A part or all of each side of the terminal box includes an inclined surface.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A terminal box for mounting on an outer surface of a solar cell module to cover an electrode portion of the solar cell module, having an upper surface, a bottom surface to be attached to the solar cell module, and side surfaces, wherein each of said side surfaces has at least one inclined rib, wherein each said inclined rib extends from the upper surface to the bottom surface. 2. The terminal box according to claim 1, wherein the terminal box and an external material comprise predetermined materials, and wherein an angle of inclination .theta. (degrees) of the inclined rib satisfies the following equation: wherein .mu. is a coefficient of friction between the terminal box and the external material, and wherein the angle is formed between each said side and the bottom surface. 3. The terminal box according to claim 2, wherein at least the inclined rib is comprised of a resin having a coefficient of friction .mu. not more than 0.6. 4. The terminal box according to claim 2, wherein the angle of inclination of the inclined rib is not more that 60.degree.. 5. The terminal box according to claim 2, wherein the external material is the same as a material constituting a terminal box. 6. The terminal box according to claim 1, wherein the inclined rib is curved. 7. The terminal box according to claim 1, wherein the inclined rib is flat. 8. The terminal box according to claim 1, wherein the thickness of the inclined rib is 0.5 to 0.7 times the thickness of a bottom surface of the terminal box. 9. The terminal box according to claim 1, wherein a conductor taken from a bottom surface of the terminal box thereinto is electrically connected with a conductor taken from a surface different from the bottom surface thereinto inside the terminal box. 10. The terminal box according to claim 9, wherein the conductor taken from the bottom surface and the conductor taken from the surface different from the bottom surface are mechanically fixed to an inside portion of the terminal box. 11. The terminal box according to claim 1, wherein said terminal box is attached to a part of the solar cell module. 12. The terminal box according to claim 1, wherein said terminal box is rectangular, and the inclined rib is provided at each of four sides of the terminal box. 13. The terminal box according to claim 1, wherein each side is provided with an inclined rib and a shape of the terminal box formed by surfaces connecting the inclined rib is a rectangular frustum. 14. The terminal box according to claim 1, wherein the bottom face extends outwardly from said sides, and wherein said inclined rib extends from said upper surface to the outward extension of the bottom surface. 15. A solar cell module comprising: a terminal box for mounting on an outer surface of a solar cell module to cover an electrode portion of the solar cell module, having an upper surface, a bottom surface to be attached to the solar cell module, and side surfaces, wherein each of said side surfaces has at least one inclined rib, wherein each said inclined rib extends from the upper surface to the bottom surface. 16. A solar cell module according to claim 15, wherein the bottom face extends outwardly from said sides, and wherein said inclined rib extends from said upper surface to the outward extension of the bottom surface. 