A mailbox includes a box having a box wall with a panel opening, the panel opening being fitted with a translucent panel marked with indicia; an electric power source; a light source secured relative to the box and positioned to radiate light from within the box through the translucent panel to enhance visibility of the indicia; and a light source circuit electrically interconnecting the power source and the light source.
Claims I claim as my invention: 1. A mailbox, comprising: a translucent panel marked with indicia; a box having a box wall comprising a box back wall and having a box exterior surface and a panel opening, said panel opening containing said translucent panel, and a box door opening at a front of said box; a box door pivotally connected to said box wall to open and close said box door opening, wherein said box wall is opposite said box door; an electric power source; a light source secured relative to said box and positioned to radiate light from within said box through said translucent panel to enhance visibility of said indicia; and a light source circuit electrically interconnecting said power source and said light source; said light source circuit comprising a photocell secured to said box back wall and a photocell operated switch connected to said photocell, said photocell being oriented such that said photocell operated switch closes said light source circuit and thereby activates said light source when the intensity of ambient light outside said box striking said box back wall falls below a certain minimum magnitude. 2. The mailbox of claim 1, where said panel is formed of diffuse, nontransparent plastic. 3. The mailbox of claim 1, wherein said indicia comprises one of: address numbers and alphabetic letters. 4. The mailbox of claim 1, wherein said box has a box top portion and wherein said light source is secured within said box within said box top portion, such that mail within said box does not obstruct the passage of light from said light source to said translucent panel. 5. The mailbox of claim 1, wherein said electric power source comprises one of: a battery mounted to battery mounting means; a power cable extending from said box to a remote power source; and a rechargeable battery electrically connected to a solar panel located outside said box. 6. The mailbox of claim 1, wherein said box is formed of opaque material. 7. The mailbox of claim 1, wherein said box is formed of translucent and diffuse material such that substantially all of said box is illuminated by said light source. 8. The mailbox of claim 1, wherein said box wall comprises a box bottom wall, opposing first and second box side walls, a box top wall and said box back wall, said box bottom wall, said opposing first and second box side walls said box back wall and said box top wall being interconnected to form a box enclosure, and said box door having a rearwardly extending sealing flange and being hingedly secured to said box bottom wall to pivot upwardly to fit against said box side walls and said box top wall such that said sealing flange fits snugly around said box side walls and said box top wall, thereby closing said box. 9. The mailbox of claim 8, wherein said box top wall comprises a light source housing in the form of an inverted channel opening into said box and retaining said light source. 10. The mailbox of claim 1, wherein said electric power source comprises a solar panel outside said box and secured to said box wall and a rechargeable battery electrically connected to said solar panel. 11. A mailbox, comprising: a translucent panel marked with indicia; a box having a box wall with a panel opening for containing said translucent panel; an electric power source; a light source secured relative to said box and positioned to radiate light from within said box through said translucent panel to enhance visibility of said indicia; and a light source circuit electrically interconnecting said power source and said light source; wherein said box wall comprises a box bottom wall, opposing first and second box side walls, a box top wall and a box back wall, said box bottom wall, said opposing first and second box side walls, said box back wall and said box top wall being interconnected to form a box enclosure, and comprising a box door having a rearwardly extending sealing flange and being hingedly secured to said box bottom wall to pivot upwardly to fit against said box side walls and said box top wall such that said sealing flange fits snugly around said box side walls and said box top wall, thereby closing said box; wherein said panel opening comprises a panel mounting structure into which said panel is removably fitted to close said panel opening, said panel mounting structure comprising two substantially parallel L-shaped track members mounted to one of said box side walls on opposing sides of said panel opening to each define a guide channel, said guide channels opening toward each other and spaced from each other and sized in width to slidingly receive said translucent panel. 12. The mailbox of claim 11, additionally comprising a water seal between the given said translucent panel and said guide channels. 13. A mailbox, comprising: a translucent panel marked with indicia and having opposing panel edges; a box having a box wall comprising a panel opening for containing said translucent panel, said box wall further comprising a box bottom wall, opposing first and second box side walls, a box top wall and a box back wall, said box bottom wall, said opposing first and second box side walls, said box back wall and said box top wall being interconnected to form a box enclosure, and comprising a box door hingedly secured to said box bottom wall to pivot upwardly to fit against said box side walls and said box top wall, thereby closing said box, said panel opening comprising a panel mounting structure into which said panel is removably fitted to close said panel opening, said panel mounting structure mounted to one of said box side walls and comprising two guide channels opening toward each other and spaced from each other and sized in width to slidingly receive said opposing panel edges of said translucent panel; an electric power source; a light source secured relative to said box and positioned to radiate light from within said box through said translucent panel to enhance visibility of said indicia; and a light source circuit electrically interconnecting said power source and said light source. 14. A mailbox, comprising: a translucent panel marked with indicia; a box having a box wall comprising a panel opening for containing said translucent panel, said box wall further comprising a box bottom wall, opposing first and second box side walls, a box top wall and a box back wall, said box bottom wall, first and second box side walls, said box back wall and said box top wall being interconnected to form a box enclosure, and comprising a box door hingedly secured to said box bottom wall to pivot upwardly to fit against said box side walls and said box top wall, thereby closing said box, said panel opening comprising a panel mounting structure into which said panel is fitted to close said panel opening; an electric power source; a light source secured relative to said box and positioned to radiate light from within said box through said translucent panel to enhance visibility of said indicia; a light source housing in the form of an inverted channel opening into said box top wall and retaining said light source, said inverted channel protruding upwardly from said box top wall such that said inverted channel does not reduce space for mail within said box; and a light source circuit electrically interconnecting said power source and said light source. 15. A mailbox, comprising: a translucent panel marked with indicia; a box having a box wall comprising a box back wall and having a box exterior surface and a panel opening, said panel opening containing said translucent panel, and a box door opening at a front of said box; a box door pivotally connected to said box wall to open and close said box door opening, wherein said box back wall is opposite said box door; an electric power source; a light source secured relative to said box and positioned to radiate light from within said box through said translucent panel to enhance visibility of said indicia; and a light source circuit electrically interconnecting said power source and said light source; said light source circuit comprising a photocell secured to said box wall and a photocell operated switch connected to said photocell, said photocell being oriented such that said photocell operated switch closes said light source circuit and thereby activates said light source when the intensity of ambient light outside said box striking said box wall falls below a certain minimum magnitude; and said box comprising a light obstruction means forwardly of said photocell for obstructing light directed toward said front of said box. 