A preferred embodiment of the present invention is a mobile sign with a solar panel for warning motorists of highway problems. The mobile sign comprises support structure configured as a wheeled vehicle. In preferred embodiments, the sign panel comprises an enclosure or housing having a front transparent panel, a multiplicity of LED's in a matrixical arrangement for generating electronically changeable messages mounted in the enclosure and spaced from the front panel, and a pattern of opaque material, for example paint, applied on the exterior of the front transparent panel defining a plurality of windows for passing light therethrough. In a preferred embodiment, the windows will be in a matrixical arrangement comprising a plurality of rows and columns of individual LED's or rows and columns of groupings of LEDs.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of making a mobile sign for temporary placement along roadways for directing messages to vehicular traffic on said roadways, the method comprising: arranging a multiplicity of light emitting diodes in at least one matrix and orienting each light emitting diodes in a common direction, placing the at least one matrix in an enclosure portion, attaching a transparent front panel to the enclosure portion, with the at least one matrix of light emitting diodes directed toward said transparent front panel and spaced from said transparent front panel, making the enclosure portion and transparent front panel weather resistant, operably connecting control circuitry to the multiplicity of light emitting diodes for providing changeable messages formed by selective lighting of the multiplicity of light emitting diodes, applying paint to an exteriorly facing surface of the transparent panel to define a plurality of unpainted windows, with said unpainted windows positioned directly in front of at least individual ones of the multiplicity of light emitting diodes, and mounting the enclosure portion and control circuity on a wheeled vehicle. 2. The method of making a mobile sign for temporary placement along roadways of claim 1 wherein the step of applying paint to the exteriorly facing surface of the transparent panel is performed before the step of attaching a transparent front panel to the enclosure. 3. The method of making a mobile sign for temporary placement along roadways of claim 2 wherein each unpainted window is directly in front of a grouping of at least two and not more than six light emitting diodes. 4. The method of making a mobile sign for temporary placement along roadways of claim 1 further comprising the step of attaching a solar panel to the wheeled vehicle for providing power to the sign. 5. The method of making a mobile sign for temporary placement along roadways of claim 1 further comprising the step of applying the paint to the exteriorly facing surface of the front transparent panel by way of silk-screening. 6. A portable sign made in accordance with claim 1. 7. A method of making a sign for temporary placement along roadways for directing messages to vehicular traffic on said roadways, the method comprising: arranging a multiplicity of light emitting diodes in a matrixical arrangement and orienting each light emitting diodes in a common direction contained within at least one weather resistant enclosure, each weather resistant enclosure comprising an enclosure portion and a transparent front panel, each transparent front panel having an interiorly facing surface and an exteriorly facing surface, applying in liquid form an opaque material to each of the transparent front panels to provide opaque outlines around groupings of the multiplicity of the light emitting diodes thereby forming a matrixical arrangement of transparent windows in each of said transparent front panels, each of said transparent windows adjacent a grouping of one or more light emitting diodes, connecting electrical circuitry to the multiplicity of light emitting diodes for selectively lighting said diodes for providing messages comprised of a plurality of words or abbreviated words, mounting the multiplicity of light emitting diodes, at least one weather resistant enclosure, and electrical circuitry on a portable sign structure placeable adjacent roadways. 8. The method of making a mobile sign for temporary placement along roadways of claim 7 wherein the step of applying liquid opaque material to the transparent panel is performed before attaching a transparent front panel to the enclosure portion. 9. The method of making a mobile sign for temporary placement along roadways of claim 7 further comprising the step of attaching a solar panel to the wheeled vehicle for providing power to the sign. 10. The method of making a mobile sign for temporary placement along roadways of claim 7 wherein the step of applying the opaque material to the front transparent panel is by way of silk-screening. 11. A portable sign made in accordance with claim 7. 12. A mobile sign for temporary placement along roadways for directing messages to vehicular traffic on said roadways, the sign comprising: a wheeled vehicle, at least one weather resistant enclosure containing a multiplicity of light emitting diodes in a matrixical arrangement with each of the light emitting diodes oriented in a common direction, the each of the weather resistant enclosures comprising an enclosure portion and a transparent front panel attached to the enclosure portion, the multiplicity of light emitting diodes in said enclosure directed toward said transparent front panel and spaced from said transparent front panel, control circuitry operably connecting to each of the multiplicity of light emitting diodes for providing changeable messages formed by selective lighting of the multiplicity of light emitting diodes, a rigid opaque coating hermetically adhered to the exteriorly facing surface of the front transparent panel, the opaque coating selectively positioned to define a plurality of matrixically arranged transparent windows with groupings of at least one of the multiplicity of light emitting diodes positioned behind each of the transparent windows. 13. The mobile sign of claim 12 further comprising a solar panel mounted on said wheeled vehicle, the solar panel operatively connected to the circuitry for providing power to said sign. 14. The mobile sign of claim 12 wherein the sign is sized so that characters formed by said light emitting diodes are readable from at least 150 feet. 15. A mobile sign for temporary placement along roadways for directing messages to vehicular traffic on said roadways, the sign comprising: a wheeled vehicle, at least one weather resistant enclosure containing a multiplicity of light emitting diodes in a matrixical arrangement with each of the light emitting diodes oriented in a common direction, the multiplicity of light emitting diodes having a plurality of groupings in a matrixical arrangement; each of the at least one weather resistant enclosures comprising an enclosure portion and a transparent front panel attached to the enclosure portion, the multiplicity of light emitting diodes in said enclosure directed toward said transparent front panel and spaced from said transparent front panel, control circuitry operably connecting to each of the multiplicity of light emitting diodes for providing changeable messages formed by selective lighting of the multiplicity of light emitting diodes, and a plurality of transparent windows on the front transparent panel provided by opaque paint silk-screened thereon. 