The present invention provides an electronic device recharger that has utility in converting a portable electronic device from disposable battery power to rechargeable battery power without resort to modification of the device circuitry. The recharger includes a power adapter, a recharger terminal, a battery pack and a replacement battery cover. To utilize the recharger as according to the invention, the device battery cover and the disposable batteries are removed from the device and replaced with the battery pack and the replacement battery cover. The power adapter is plugged into the wall and the connector terminus is plugged into the battery pack through apertures formed in the replacement battery cover. The power adapter and connector terminus are in electrical communication such that the power adapter provides conditioned power to the connector terminus which in turn provides power to the battery pack and the device. A light emitting device is provided on the connector terminus and indicates the charging status of the battery pack.
Claims I claim: 1. A portable electronic device recharger comprising: a rechargeable battery having a power storage capacity, said battery being housed within a compartment associated with said device; a power source adapter that conditions source power for delivery to said rechargeable battery; a connector terminus in electrical communication with said power adapter, via an electrical conductor cord, said terminus electrically communicating with said rechargeable battery located with said device compartment; and a light emitting device affixed to at least one of said connector terminus and said rechargeable battery. 2. The device recharger of claim 1 wherein said light emitting device activation frequency indicates the charging status of said battery. 3. The device recharger of claim 1 further comprising a terminus coupling in electrical contact with said battery, said coupling adapted to engage contacts extending from said connector terminus. 4. The device recharger of claim 1 wherein said connector terminus further comprises a tab. 5. The device recharger of claim 1 wherein said connector terminus has a flared end. 6. The device recharger of claim 3 wherein there is no voltage on the connector terminus contacts absent electrical contact with the terminus coupling. 7. The device recharger of claim 3 wherein there is no voltage on said contacts absent polarity alignment between said contacts and said coupling. 8. The device recharger of claim 1 wherein electrical communication between said connector terminus and said power source adapter extends generally upwardly along a rear surface of said device. 9. The device recharger of claim 1 further comprising a battery compartment cover having an aperture therethrough at said coupling point for coupling of said battery to said charger terminal. 10. The device recharger of claim 9 wherein said cover is flush with a surface of said device. 11. The device recharger of claim 1 wherein said battery is selected from the group consisting of nickel metal hydride, lithium, nickel cadmium, and polymeric cells. 12. The device recharger of claim 1 wherein said power source adapter is coupled to a power source selected from the group consisting of line power, a vehicle electrical system, and a solar cell. 13. The device recharger of claim 1 further comprising a circuit capable of delivering current to said device while monitoring at least one parameter selected from the group consisting of voltage, current, temperature and charging duration. 14. A rechargeable battery pack comprising: at least one rechargeable cell; a terminus coupling adapted to couple a power source to said rechargeable cell, said terminus coupling further comprising a pair of matable sockets engageable by electrical contacts extending from said power source; and circuitry incorporated into a unit engageable with said terminus coupling that prevents current from flowing from said power source to said cell unless said power source and said cell polarity are matched and the terminal voltage of said cell is amenable to charging and thereafter delivering current to said cell while monitoring at least one parameter selected from the group including voltage, current, temperature and charging duration. 15. The battery pack of claim 14 further comprising a light emitting device charge status indicator in communication with said circuitry. 16. A detachable recharger source for a device having a rear surface comprising: a power source adapter including a transformer/converter portion; an insulated conductive wire extending from said adapter; and a connector terminus in electrical contact with said wire, at an end opposite said transformer/converter portion, and adapted to couple to said device in a generally normal extending direction relative to the rear surface of said device. 17. A portable electronic device recharger retrofit system comprising in combination: a rechargeable battery having a power storage capacity, said battery being housed within a compartment associated with said device; a power source adapter that conditions source power for delivery to said rechargeable battery; a connector terminus in electrical communication with said power adapter, via an electrical conductor cord, said terminus electrically communicating with said rechargeable battery via a terminus coupling secured to said battery; and a compartment cover for a portable electronic device, said cover including at least one aperture formed therethrough at a coupling point in alignment with said terminus coupling and for coupling said battery to said connector terminus. 18. The system of claim 17 wherein said cover is independent of electrical contacts. 19. The system of claim 17 wherein said cover has an aperture therethrough at a coupling point for coupling of said battery to said charger terminal. 20. The system of claim 17 wherein said cover seats flush with a rear surface of said portable electronic device. 21. The system of claim 17 wherein said connector terminus has a flared end. 22. The system of claim 17 wherein said connector terminus further comprises a light emitting device. 23. The system of claim 17 wherein there is no voltage on the connector terminus contacts absent electrical contact with the terminus coupling. 24. The system of claim 17 further comprising a circuit capable of delivering current to said device while monitoring at least one parameter selected from the group consisting of voltage, current, temperature and charge duration. 