An ornamental spotlight essentially comprised of a cylindrical protective housing with a light source assembly mounted at one end and a removable cap, for inserting rechargeable batteries in the hollow cylinder, located at the other end. The light source has a lamp, a reflector for collecting and reflecting a maximum amount light from the lamp, and a projection type lens for projecting a spot of light on to the display. Either dc or ac powered lamps can be used in the spotlight. Zoom capability can be added for adjusting the size of the spot on to the display. Rechargeable batteries are used to supply power to the spotlight at nighttime with a solar panel and battery charger being used to charge the batteries during the daytime. A light-sensor switch or timer circuit is wired into the power line to automatically turn the spotlight on at dusk and off in the daybreak. The spotlight has a mounting and adjusting base for attaching the structure and adjusting it through 360-degrees in latitude and at least 90-degrees in elevation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An ornamentation display spotlight, comprising: a cylindrical housing, said housing having a removable end-cap attached to a first end, said housing protecting said spotlight from the elements; a rotational mounting plate attached to the center bottom of said housing; a swivel-mounting base attached to said rotational mounting plate for mounting said spotlight to a structure; a high-illumination light source assembly attached to a second end of said cylindrical housing, said light source assembly further comprising: a lamp; an optical reflector means mounted behind said lamp for collecting and reflecting light outward from said assembly; an optical projection lens means for focusing a variable spot size of light on to said display; and an outer dome for protecting said light source assembly from the elements; rechargeable batteries installed in said cylindrical housing by inserting through said first end having said removable end-cap, said batteries providing power to said lamp; a photovoltaic solar panel mounted on the top surface of said cylindrical housing opposite said rotational mounting plate; a battery charger circuit attached to the output of said solar panel for charging said batteries during the daytime; and a photo sensor switch mounted to the top of said cylindrical housing opposite said rotation mounting base, said switch wired in series with said lamp, for activating said lamp at night. 2. The spotlight of claim 1, wherein the type of said lamp is from the group comprised of: incandescent, Xenon, and metal halide. 3. The spotlight of claim 1, said optical reflector means further comprises an elliptical mirror for concentrating a maximum amount of light from said lamp into a spot of light. 4. The spotlight of claim 1, said optical lens means further comprising a projection type lens for projecting a spot of light on said display. 5. The spotlight of claim 4, wherein the said projection lens means has zoom capability, thereby allowing the diameter of said spot of light to be adjusted to fully illuminate said display. 6. The spotlight of claim 1, wherein power to said spotlight is supplied from a 110-volt power line. 7. The spotlight of claim 2, wherein a power inverter is coupled between said batteries and said lamp to provide ac power to said lamp. 8. The spotlight of claim 1, wherein said rotational mounting plate is adjustable through 360-degrees, thereby allowing said spot of light to be positioned onto said ornamental display. 9. The spotlight of claim 1, wherein said swivel mounting base is adjustable through at least 90-degrees, thereby allowing said spot of light to be positioned on to said ornamental display. 10. A flag display for day or night viewing, comprising: a flag pole mounted to a house or building; a flag attached to said flagpole; an illumination spotlight mounted to said building, said spotlight adjusted to cast a spot of light on said flag, said spotlight further comprising: a cylindrical housing, said housing having a removable end-cap attached to a first end, said housing protecting said spotlight from the elements; a rotational mounting plate attached to the center bottom of said housing; a swivel-mounting base attached to said rotational mounting plate for mounting said spotlight to a structure; a high-illumination light source assembly attached to a second end of said cylindrical housing, said light source assembly further comprising: a lamp; an optical reflector means mounted behind said lamp for collecting and reflecting light outward from said assembly; an optical projection lens means for focusing a variable spot size of light on to said display, and an outer dome for protecting said light source assembly from the elements; rechargeable batteries installed in said cylindrical housing by inserting through said first end having said removable end-cap, said batteries providing power to said lamp; a photovoltaic solar panel mounted on the top surface of said cylindrical housing opposite said rotational mounting plate; a battery charger circuit attached to the output of said solar panel for charging said batteries during the daytime; and a photo sensor switch mounted to the top of said cylindrical housing opposite said rotation mounting base, said switch wired in series with said lamp, for activating said lamp at night. 11. The display of claim 10, wherein the type of said lamp is from the group comprised of: incandescent, Xenon, and metal halide. 12. The display of claim 10, said optical reflector means further comprises an elliptical mirror for concentrating a maximum amount of light from said lamp into a spot of light. 13. The display of claim 10, said optical lens means further comprising a projection type lens for projecting a spot of light on said display. 14. The display of claim 13, wherein the projection lens means has zoom capability, thereby allowing the diameter of said spot of light to be adjusted to fully illuminate said display. 15. The display of claim 10, wherein power to said spotlight is supplied from a 110-volt power line. 16. The display of claim 10, wherein a power inverter is coupled between said batteries and said lamp to provide ac power to said lamp. 17. The display t of claim 10, wherein said rotational mounting plate is adjustable through 360-degrees, thereby allowing said spot of light to be positioned on to said ornamental display. 18. The display of claim 10, wherein said swivel mounting base is adjustable through at least 90-degrees, thereby allowing said spot of light to be positioned on to said ornamental display. 19. The display of claim 10, wherein: said flag pole is mounted free-standing, extending up from the ground; and said spotlight is mounted on the ground surface, said spotlight being positioned upward on to said flag. 20. An ornamental spotlight in combination with an ornamental display, comprising: an ornamental display; and an illumination spotlight mounted to cast a spot of light on said display, said spotlight further comprising: a cylindrical housing, said housing having a removable end-cap attached to a first end, said housing protecting said spotlight from the elements, a rotational mounting plate attached to the center bottom of said housing, a swivel mounting base attached to said rotational mounting plate for mounting said spotlight to a structure, a lamp connected to said second end of said cylindrical housing, an optical reflector means mounted behind said lamp for collecting and reflecting light outward from said assembly, an optical projection lens means for focusing said reflected light into a variable size spot of light, rechargeable batteries installed in said cylindrical housing by inserting through said first end having said removable end-cap, said batteries providing power to said lamp, a photovoltaic solar panel mounted on the top surface of said cylindrical housing opposite said rotational mounting plate, the output of said solar panel connected to battery charging circuitry, the output of said battery charging circuitry connected to said batteries for charging said batteries during the daytime, and a photo sensor switch mounted to the top of said cylindrical housing opposite said rotation mounting base, said switch wired in series with said lamp, for activating said lamp at night. 