A security system employs solar towers for detecting an intruder. The security system includes a receiver/processor and transmitter for communicating with electronic devices in the solar beam towers, the receiver/processor and transmitter having an antenna, a housing and an indicator. The indicator includes information on the location of an intrusion. A detection beam extending between adjacent towers is used to detect intruders. The detection beam can include infrared, laser, microwave, and visible light. The alarms sent out by the system can include devices such as visual alarms, audible alarms, telephone dialers, and printers. The central unit exchanges information between the remote units via two way half-duplex radio. The system is a radio data reporting system, which reports events and selectively transmits an alarm. The alarm is transmitted to the central unit when a new event is detected, and it is displayed there. The system includes a central unit board having indicators, working components including LED's and pushbuttons, and at least one remote unit board.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar powered perimeter beam security system which comprises: a) a receiver/processor and transmitter unit configured for radio communications, one said unit being mounted on each of a plurality of towers; b) a detection beam generated by a detection beam generator/detector connected to each said unit, said beam extending between adjacent towers to define an intruder detection area; c) a central unit remote from said towers comprising a radio transmission/reception device for communicating with each of the receiver/processors and transmitter units; d) an alarm connected to said central unit and responsive to a breach in each detection beam; e) a solar panel on each of said plurality of towers; and f) a battery source in electrical communication with each solar panel for storage of energy generated by the solar panel, said battery source independently powering the receiver/processor and transmitter unit and the detection beam generator/detector at each tower. 2. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 1, wherein the beam comprises at least one of: a photo-electric beam, an infrared beam, a laser beam, a microwave beam and a visible light beam. 3. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 1, wherein the alarm comprises at least one of: an audible alarm, a visual alarm, a telephone dialer, a printer, and a recording device. 4. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 1, wherein each receiver/processor and transmitter unit communicates and exchanges data with the central unit via a two way, half-duplex radio device. 5. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 1, wherein the central unit further comprises at least one remote control unit. 6. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 1, wherein the solar panel is a 20 Watt solar panel having a solar panel bracket and a swivel clamp adapted to mount and orient the solar panel on the tower. 7. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 1, wherein the receiver/processor and transmitter unit comprises a circuit board connected to a radio transceiver unit communicating with the radio transmission/reception device of the central unit, said circuit board comprising a plurality of connections for said radio transceiver and at least one of: a power supply, inputs from the beam generator/detector, relay contacts for sending and receiving on/off commands to and from said central unit, a temperature sensor, a battery voltage sensor, at least one analog input channel, at least one digital input channel, a camera, a microphone/speaker unit, a flashlight, and at least one additional radio interface. 8. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 7, wherein said circuit board comprises a CPU-equipped PC board having 12V dc operation and is configured for use in a PC and interacting with software installed on said PC. 9. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 1, wherein each said receiver/processor and transmitter unit comprises at least two half duplex radio transmission/reception devices each half duplex radio transmission/reception device comprising an FM RTX radio device. 10. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 1, wherein the central unit further includes a CPU which communicates through said radio transmission/reception device with each receiver/processor and transmitter unit located upon each of said plurality of towers. 11. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 1, wherein at least one receiver/processor and transmitter unit mounted on each of the plurality of towers includes a remote controlled camera connected thereto. 12. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 11, wherein each receiver/processor and transmitter unit communicates in duplex mode with the central unit, the central unit being programmed to send a signal to the receiver/processor and transmitter units to verify status, and to selectively actuate the remote controlled camera, verify battery voltage, and actuate a microphone/speaker unit connected to the receiver/processor and transmitter unit to hear from and talk to a tower selected from the plurality of towers. 13. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 11, wherein the remote controlled camera comprises at least one of: a still photographic camera and a video camera. 14. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 1, wherein the detection beam comprises a photoelectric point-to-point multi-level beam with a range of up to 800 feet between adjacent towers. 15. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 1, wherein the detection beam comprises a microwave beam providing total perimeter coverage in the intruder detection area, with a range of up to 150 feet between adjacent towers. 16. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 1, wherein the detection beam comprises a short range radio beam with a range of up to 1,500 feet between adjacent towers. 17. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 1, wherein the detection beam comprises a long range radio beam with a range of up to five miles between adjacent towers. 18. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 1, wherein each said tower comprises a solar panel mounted to a solar mounting bracket, said bracket being mounted to a two-piece swivel bracket at an upper end of said swivel bracket, a lower end of said swivel bracket being mounted to a top portion of a solar base cap, said solar base cap comprising a recessed opening configured to receive electrical connectors extending from said solar panel to said battery source, said solar base cap further comprising a plurality of alignment pegs extending generally downwardly therefrom, said pegs being connected to a top plate, said top plate being configured for being connected to top ends of a frame unit and a plurality of support rods received within rod channels in said frame unit, bottom ends of said frame unit and said support rods being connected to a base unit configured for securement to a ground surface, said frame unit comprising at least one generally vertical and generally planar face, each said face being configured for mounting said receiver/processor and transmitter unit and said beam generator/detector thereto, said frame unit further configured for mountingly receiving a face shield configured to cover each said face and to permit said detector beam to be emitted therethrough. 19. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 1, wherein the central unit further comprises a circuit board connected to the radio transmission/reception device and a display panel connected to the circuit board, said display panel configured with at least one of visual and aural means for disclosing locations of activity in the intruder detection area, the circuit board comprising a plurality of connections comprising at least one of a programming socket for connection to a PC, a speaker output connection, an alarm relay output connection, a clock battery connection, a 12 V dc battery connection, a display contrast control, a display/printer output port, an FM radio connector, a CPM-016-FM radio connector, a CPM-016-AM radio connector, and a supply/charger connector. 20. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 19, wherein said circuit board further comprises a plurality of LED's and pushbuttons comprising at least one of an "ON" LED, a "CLOCK" LED, an alarm memory LED, a fault memory LED, a reset button, a clock/up button and set clock buttons. 21. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 19, wherein said circuit board is configured for use in a PC and interacting with software installed on said PC. 22. A solar powered perimeter beam security system which comprises: a receiver/processor and transmitter unit configured for radio communications and mounted on each of a plurality of towers; b) a detection beam generated by a detection beam generator/detector connected to each said receiver/processor and transmitter unit, said detection beam extending between adjacent towers to define an intruder detection area, said detection beam comprising at least one of: a photo-electric beam, an infrared beam, a laser beam, a microwave beam and a visible light beam; c) a central unit remote from said towers comprising a radio transmission/reception device communicating with each of the receiver/processors and transmitter units, said central unit further comprising a CPU communicating with each receiver/processor and transmitter unit through said radio transmission/reception device; d) an alarm connected to said central unit and responsive to a break in each detection beam, said alarm comprising at least one of: an audible alarm, a visual alarm, a telephone dialer, a printer and a recording device; e) a remote controlled camera connected to at least one of said receiver/processor and transmitter units, said remote controlled camera comprising at least one of: a still photographic camera and a video camera; f) a solar panel on each of said plurality of towers; and g) a battery source in electrical communication with each solar panel for storage of energy generated by the solar panel, said battery source independently powering the receiver/processor and the beam generator/detector at each tower. 23. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 22, wherein each said receiver/processor and transmitter unit comprises at least two half duplex radio transmission/reception devices, each half duplex radio transmission/reception device comprising an FM RTX radio device. 24. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 22, wherein each receiver/processor and transmitter unit communicates in duplex mode with the central unit, the central unit being programmed to send a signal to the receiver/processor and transmitter units to verify status, and to selectively actuate the remote controlled camera, verify battery voltage, and actuate a microphone/speaker unit connected to the receiver/processor and transmitter unit to hear from and talk to a tower selected from the plurality of towers. 25. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 22, wherein each said tower comprises a solar panel mounted to a solar mounting bracket, said bracket being mounted to a two-piece swivel bracket at an upper end of said swivel bracket, a lower end of said swivel bracket being mounted to a top portion of a solar base cap, said solar base cap comprising a recessed opening configured to receive electrical connectors extending from said solar panel to said battery source, said solar base cap further comprising a plurality of alignment pegs extending generally downwardly therefrom, said pegs being connected to a top plate, said top plate being configured for being connected to top ends of a frame unit and a plurality of support rods received within rod channels in said frame unit, bottom ends of said frame unit and said support rods being connected to a base unit configured for securement to a ground surface, said frame unit comprising at least one generally vertical and generally planar face, each said face being configured for mounting said receiver/processor and transmitter unit and said beam generator/detector thereto, said frame unit further configured for mountingly receiving a face shield configured to cover each said face and to permit said detector beam to be emitted therethrough. 26. A solar powered perimeter beam security system which comprises: a) a receiver/processor and transmitter unit configured for radio communications and mounted on each of a plurality of towers, each said receiver/processor and transmitter unit further comprising at least two half duplex radio transmission/reception devices, each half duplex radio transmission/reception device comprising an FM RTX radio device; b) a detection beam generated by a detection beam generator/detector connected to each receiver/processor and transmitter unit, said detection beam extending between adjacent towers to define an intruder detection area, said detection beam comprising at least one of: a photo-electric beam, an infrared beam, a laser beam, a microwave beam and a visible light beam; c) a central unit remote from said towers comprising a radio transmission/reception device communicating with each of the receiver/processors and transmitter units, said central unit further comprising a CPU communicating through said radio transmission/reception device with each receiver/processor and transmitter unit, the central unit further being programmed to send a signal to the receiver/processor and transmitter unit to verify status, and to selectively actuate a remote controlled camera, verify battery voltage, and actuate a microphone/speaker unit connected to the receiver/processor and transmitter unit to hear from and talk to a tower selected from the plurality of towers; d) an alarm connected to said central unit and responsive to a break in each detection beam, said alarm comprising at least one of: an audible alarm, a visual alarm, a telephone dialer, a printer and a recording device; e) one said remote controlled camera being connected to at least one receiver/processor and transmitter unit, each said remote controlled camera comprising at least one of: a still photographic camera and a video camera; f) a solar panel on each of said plurality of towers; and g) a battery source in electrical communication with each solar panel for storage of energy generated by the solar panel, said battery source independently powering the receiver/processor and transmitter unit and the beam generator/detector at each tower. 27. The solar powered perimeter beam security system of claim 26, wherein each said tower comprises a solar panel mounted to a solar mounting bracket, said bracket being mounted to a two-piece swivel bracket at an upper end of said swivel bracket, a lower end of said swivel bracket being mounted to a top portion of a solar base cap, said solar base cap comprising a recessed opening configured to receive electrical connectors extending from said solar panel to said battery source, said solar base cap further comprising a plurality of alignment pegs extending generally downwardly therefrom, said pegs being connected to a top plate, said top plate being configured for being connected to top ends of a frame unit and a plurality of support rods received within rod channels in said frame unit, bottom ends of said frame unit and said support rods being connected to a base unit configured for securement to a ground surface, said frame unit comprising at least one generally vertical and generally planar face, each said face being configured for mounting said receiver/processor and transmitter unit and said beam generator/detector thereto, said frame unit further configured for mountingly receiving a face shield configured to cover each said face and to permit said detector beam to be emitted therethrough. 