An electrically-operated architectural covering that can be powered by a low current or voltage source includes a motor, an accumulator connected to the motor, a power source, and an electrical circuit connecting the power source to the accumulator. The electrical circuit includes a step-up converter, which preferably includes an input terminal connected to the power source; an output terminal with a supply voltage connected to the accumulator; an inductive element; a first switch having a gate electrode for opening and closing of the switch when a control voltage of a first level is applied to the gate; and an oscillator.
Claims We claim: 1. A drive assembly for a covering of an architectural opening, comprising a motor, an accumulator connected to the motor, a power source and an electrical circuit connecting the power source to the accumulator, characterized in that the electrical circuit comprises a step-up converter having a voltage converting circuit, wherein the voltage converting circuit comprises an input terminal connected to the power source, wherein the power source is a varying voltage or current source; an output terminal with a supply voltage connected to the accumulator; an inductive element being with a first terminal connected to the input terminal and with a second terminal connected to a capacitive element and to the output terminal, the capacitive element being with one terminal connected to a reference voltage; a first switch being with a first terminal connected to the second terminal of the inductive element, and with a second terminal connected to the reference voltage, the first switch comprising a gate electrode for opening and closing of the switch when a control voltage of a first level is applied to the gate; and an oscillator comprising a power input connected to the output terminal, a start-up output connected to the gate electrode of the first switch for supplying a pulse-like signal to the gate electrode and an oscillator output. 2. The drive assembly according to claim 1, the step-up converter further comprising a second switch connected in parallel with the first switch, the second switch having a gate electrode connected to the oscillator output, wherein the first switch remains opened when the supply voltage at the output terminal reached a predetermined level, and the second switch is operated by the oscillator output at a second voltage level that is higher than the first voltage level. 3. The drive assembly according to claim 2, the first switch comprising a bipolar transistor and the second switch comprises a Field Effect Transistor. 4. The drive assembly according to claim 1, 2 or 4, wherein a diode is connected between the second terminal of the inductive element and the gate electrode of the first switch. 5. The drive assembly according to claim 4, wherein the output of the oscillator is connected to the gate via a respective capacitive element. 6. The drive assembly according to claim 5, wherein a second converting stage is provided having an inductive element with a first terminal connected to the power source, and a second terminal connected to the accumulator, a third switch being connected between the second terminal of the inductive element and the reference voltage and being with a gate electrode connected to an oscillator output of a second oscillator, the output terminal of the voltage converting circuit being connected to the second terminal of the inductive element of the second converting stage and to a power input of the second oscillator. 7. The drive assembly according to claim 6, the third switch comprising a MOSFET with multiple drains and multiple sources. 8. The drive assembly according to claim 7, wherein the second inductive element is with its second terminal connected to the electrical element via a diode, the first terminal of the electrical element being connected via a capacitive element of the reference voltage. 9. An electrically operated architectural covering device comprising a drive assembly according to claim 8, where a covering member is connected to the drive assembly. 10. The electrically operated architectural covering device according to claim 9, the power source comprising a photovotaic cell. 11. The electrically operated architectural covering device according to claim 10, the photovoltaic cell being on a head rail, a windowsill or on a surface of the covering member, or on any combination thereof. 12. The electrically operated architectural covering device according to claim 11, the photovoltaic cell being place on an interior side of the covering member. 13. The drive assembly according to claim 1, wherein the output of the oscillator is connected to the gate via a respective capacitive element. 14. The drive assembly according to claim 1, wherein a second converting stage is provided having an inductive element with a first terminal connected to the power source, and a second terminal connected to the accumulator, a third switch being connected between the second terminal of the inductive element and the reference voltage and being with a gate electrode connected to an oscillator output of a second oscillator, the output terminal of the voltage converting circuit being connected to the second terminal of the inductive element of the second converting stage and to a power input of the second oscillator. 15. The drive assembly according to claim 14, the third switch comprising a MOSFET with multiple drains and multiple sources. 16. The drive assembly according to claim 14, wherein the second inductive element is with its second terminal connected to the electrical element via a diode, the first terminal of the electrical element being connected via a capacitive element of the reference voltage. 17. An electrically operated architectural covering device comprising a drive assembly according to claim 1, where a covering member is connected to the drive assembly. 18. The electrically operated architectural covering device according to claim 17, the power source comprising a photovoltaic cell. 19. The electrically operated architectural covering device according to claim 18, the photovoltaic cell being placed on a head rail, a windowsill or on a surface of the covering member, or on any combination thereof. 20. The electrically operated architectural covering device according to claim 18, the photovotaic cell being placed on an interior side of the covering member. 21. In combination a power supply and electrically operated architectural covering device, the power supply including: a voltage or current source having a varying voltage output: an electrical device: a voltage converting unit electrically coupling the voltage or current source to the electrical device, wherein the voltage converting unit includes a step-up converter and wherein the voltage or current source is the sole supply of power to the voltage converting circuit, which thereby is self-starting from a situation of rest; wherein the voltage or current source is a solar cell generating a voltage of less than 0.5 V; and wherein the voltage converting unit further includes a low voltage converting circuit having; an input terminal connected to the voltage or current source for receiving a varying voltage or current therefrom; an output terminal for supplying voltage to the electrical device; an inductive element having an input terminal connected to the voltage or current source via the input and having an output terminal connected to the output; a capacitive element having one terminal connected to the output terminal of the inductive element and having its other terminal connected to a reference voltage line; a first switch connected between the inductive element and the reference voltage line, the first switch comprising a gate electrode for operating the first switch in response to a first voltage level control signal; and an oscillator for generating a first pulsed signal, the oscillator having a power input connected to the output terminal and a start-up output for a first voltage level connected to the gate electrode of the first switch. 22. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 21, wherein the oscillator comprises an oscillator output for a second voltage level, wherein the low voltage converting circuit further comprises a second switch connected in parallel with the first switch, the second switch having a gate electrode for receiving a second voltage level control signal, the gate electrode of the second switch being connected to the oscillator output, wherein the first switch remains opened when the supply voltage at the output terminal reaches a predetermined level and wherein the second switch is operated by a second pulsed signal from the oscillator output at a second voltage level that is higher than the first voltage level. 23. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 21, wherein the reference voltage line is grounded. 24. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 21, wherein the first switch includes a bipolar transistor and the second switch includes a Field Effect Transistor. 25. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 21, wherein a diode is connected between the output terminal of the inductive element and the gate electrode of the first switch. 26. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 21, wherein the start-up output of the oscillator is connected to the gate via a respective capacitor. 27. In combination a power supply and electrically operated architectural covering device, the power supply including: a voltage or current source having a varying voltage output; an electrical device; a voltage converting unit electrically coupling the voltage or current source to the electrical device, wherein the voltage converting unit includes a step-up converter and wherein the voltage or current source is the sole supply of power to the voltage converting circuit, which thereby is self-starting from a situation of rest; wherein the voltage or current source is a solar cell generating a voltage of less than 0.5 V and the electrical device is a battery; and wherein the voltage converting unit further includes a low voltage converting circuit having: an input terminal connected to the voltage or current source for receiving a varying voltage or current therefrom; an output terminal for supplying voltage to the electrical device; an inductive element having an input terminal connected to the voltage or current source via the input and having an output terminal connected to the output; a capacitive element having one terminal connected to the output terminal of the inductive element and having its other terminal connected to a reference voltage line; a first switch connected between the inductive element and the reference voltage line, the first switch comprising a gate electrode for operating the first switch in response to a first voltage level control signal; and an oscillator for generating a first pulsed signal, the oscillator having a power input connected to the output terminal and a start-up output for a first voltage level connected to the gate electrode of the first switch. 28. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 27, wherein the oscillator output for a second voltage level, wherein the low voltage converting circuit further comprises a second switch connected in parallel with the first switch, the second switch having a gate electrode for receiving a second voltage level control signal, the gate electrode of the second switch being connected to the oscillator output, wherein the first switch remains opened when the supply voltage at the output terminal reaches a predetermined level and wherein the second switch is operated by a second pulsed signal from the oscillator output at a second voltage level that is higher than the first voltage level. 29. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 28, wherein the reference voltage line is grounded. 30. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 29, wherein the first switch includes a bipolar transistor and the second switch includes a Field Effect Transistor. 31. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 30, wherein a diode is connected between the output terminal of the inductive element and the gate electrode of the first switch. 32. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 31, wherein the voltage converting unit further includes a second converter stage comprising a second inductive element having a first input terminal connected to the voltage or current source and a second terminal connected to the electrical device, the electrical device with an opposite terminal is connected to a reference voltage line, a third switch being connected between the second terminal of the inductive element and the reference voltage line, the third switch being provided with a gate electrode connected to an oscillator output of a second oscillator, having a power input connected the second terminal of the inductive element and the output terminal of the low voltage converting circuit also being connected to the second terminal of the inductive element. 33. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 32, wherein the reference voltage line is grounded. 34. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 33, wherein the third switch comprises a MOSFET semiconductor. 35. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 34, wherein the MOSFET semiconductor has multiple drains and multiple sources. 36. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 35, wherein the second inductive element has its second terminal connected to the electrical device via a diode and a capacitive element being connected in parallel to the electrical device. 37. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 36, wherein the start-up output of the oscillator is connected to the gate via a respective capacitor. 38. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 37, wherein the voltage converting unit further includes a second converter stage comprising a second inductive element having a first imput terminal connected to the voltage or current source and a second terminal connected to the electrical device, the electrical device with an opposite terminal connected to a reference voltage line, a third switch being connected between the second terminal of the inductive element and the reference voltage line, the third switch being provided with a gate electrode connected to an oscillator output of a second oscillator, having a power input connected the second terminal of the inductive element and the output terminal of the low voltage converting circuit also being connected to the second terminal of the inductive element. 39. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 38, wherein the reference voltage line is grounded. 40. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 39, wherein the third switch comprised a MOSFET semiconductor. 41. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 40, wherein the MOSFET semiconductor has multiple drains and multiple sources. 42. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 41, wherein the second inductive element has its second terminal connected to the electrical device via a diode and a capacitive element being connected in parallel to the electrical device. 43. In combination a power supply and electrically operated architectural covering device, the power supply including: a voltage or current source having a varying voltage output; an electrical device; a voltage converting unit electrically coupling the voltage or current source to the electrical device, wherein the voltage converting unit includes a step-up converter and wherein the voltage or current source is the sole supply of power to the voltage converting circuit, which thereby is self-starting from a situation of rest; and wherein the voltage converting unit further includes a second converter stage comprising a second inductive element having a first input terminal connected to the voltage or current source and a second terminal connected to the electrical device, the electrical device with an opposite terminal is connected to a reference voltage line, a third switch being connected between the second terminal of the inductive element and the reference voltage line, the third switch being provided with a gate electrode connected to an oscillator output of a second oscillator, having a power input connected the second terminal of the inductive element and the output terminal of the low voltage converting circuit also being connected to the second terminal of the inductive element. 44. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 43, wherein the reference voltage line is grounded. 45. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 43, wherein the third switch comprised a MOSFET semiconductor. 46. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 45, wherein the MOSFET semiconductor has multiple drains and multiple sources. 47. The combined power supply and architectural covering device according to claim 43, wherein the second inductive element has its second terminal connected to the electrical device via a diode and a capacitive element being connected in parallel to the electrical device. 48. Electrically operated architectural covering device, including: a first rail; a covering member extending from the first rail; an electric motor for opening and closing the architectural covering device; at least one photovotaic cell; a rechargeable power source; a first circuit electrically coupling the at least one photovoltaic cell to the rechargeable power source; a second circuit electrically coupling the electric motor to the rechargeable power source, wherein the first circuit includes a step-up converter and wherein the electric motor is mounted to the first rail; and wherein the step-up converter is associated with an oscillator circuit for generating a pulsed voltage to which the output voltage of the solar cell is added by means of a Schottky diode, before it is offered to a base of the semiconductor switch. 49. Electrically operated architectural covering device according to claim 48, wherein the rechargeable power source is a Nickel Metal Hydride accumulator. 50. Electrically operated architectural covering device, including: a first rail; a covering member extending from the first rail; an electric motor for opening and closing the architectural covering device; at least one photovotaic cell; a rechargeable power source; a first circuit electrically coupling the at least one photovoltaic cell to the rechargeable power source; a second circuit electrically coupling the electric motor to the rechargeable power source, wherein the first circuit includes a step-up converter and wherein the electric motor is mounted to the first rail; wherein the step-up converter includes a MOSFET semiconductor element; and wherein the MOSFET semiconductor element is supplementary to a semiconductor switch, which semiconductor switch is adapted to operate the step-up converter during periods when output voltage of the photovotaic cell offered to the step-up converter is too low for the MOSFET semiconductor element to operate. 51. Electrically operated architectural covering device, including: a first rail; a covering member extending from the first rail; an electric motor for opening and closing the architectural covering device; at least one photovotaic cell; a rechargeable power source; a first circuit electrically coupling the at least one photovoltaic cell to the rechargeable power source; a second circuit electrically coupling the electric motor to the rechargeable power source, wherein the first circuit includes a step-up converter and wherein the electric motor is mounted to the first rail; wherein the step-up converter includes a MOSFET semiconductor element; and wherein the MOSFET semiconductor element is supplementary to a semiconductor switch, which semiconductor switch being adapted to operate the step-up converter during periods when output voltage of the photovotaic cell offered to the step-up converter is too low for the MOSFET semiconductor element to operate. 52. Electrically operated architectural covering device, including: a first rail; a covering member extending from the first rail; an electric motor for opening and closing the architectural covering device; at least one photovotaic cell; a rechargeable power source; a first circuit electrically coupling the at least one photovoltaic cell to the rechargeable power source; a second circuit electrically coupling the electric motor to the rechargeable power source, wherein the first circuit includes a step-up converter and wherein the electric motor is mounted to the first rail; and wherein the step-up converter comprises an oscillator circuit for generating a pulsed voltage for addition to the output voltage of the photovotaic cell. 53. Electrically operated architectural covering device according to claim 52, wherein the step-up converter is associated with an oscillator circuit generating a pulsed voltage to which the output voltage of the photovoltaic cell is added by means of a Schottky diode, before it is offered to a base of the semiconductor switch. 54. Electrically operated architectural covering device, including: a first rail; a covering member extending from the first rail; an electric motor for opening and closing the architectural covering device; at least one photovotaic cell; a rechargeable power source; a first circuit electrically coupling the at least one photovoltaic cell to the rechargeable power source; a second circuit electrically coupling the electric motor to the rechargeable power source, wherein the first circuit includes a step-up converter and wherein the electric motor is mounted to the first rail; and wherein the step-up converter includes a start-up circuit, having a resonant triggering circuit using an extra coil, thereby taking less current to step-up. 55. Electrically operated architectural covering device, including: a first rail; a covering member extending from the first rail; an electric motor for opening and closing the architectural covering device; at least one photovotaic cell; a rechargeable power source; a first circuit electrically coupling the at least one photovoltaic cell to the rechargeable power source; a second circuit electrically coupling the electric motor to the rechargeable power source, wherein the first circuit includes a step-up converter and wherein the electric motor is mounted to the first rail; and wherein the photovoltaic cell is connected to the first rail through electrical leads for mounting at a location independent of the head rail. 56. Electrically operated architectural covering device, including: a first rail; a covering member extending from the first rail; an electric motor for opening and closing the architectural covering device; at least one photovotaic cell; a rechargeable power source; a first circuit electrically coupling the at least one photovoltaic cell to the rechargeable power source; a second circuit electrically coupling the electric motor to the rechargeable power source, wherein the first circuit includes a step-up converter and wherein the electric motor is mounted to the first rail; and wherein the rechargeable power source has a capacity not exceeding 1.4 Ah. 