To improve the conversion efficiency of a power converter in a solar cell module in which a solar cell module main body containing a solar cell is integrated with a power converter for converting the output power from the solar cell module main body, a material having small thermal conductivity is used as a member (205) of a protective case for protecting the power converter to be fixed to the solar cell module main body containing the solar cell, thereby preventing easy conduction of heat from the solar cell module main body heated to high temperatures to a power conversion circuit (201). A material having large thermal conductivity is used as a member (206) of a protective case for fixing the power conversion circuit (201), thereby allowing easy radiation of heat generated in the power conversion circuit (201).
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A power converter comprising a power conversion circuit for converting an output from a photovoltaic element and outputting the converted output, and a protective case containing said power conversion circuit, wherein said protective case comprises: a first portion for fixing said protective case to a photovoltaic element module main body comprising said photovoltaic element; and a second portion for fixing said power conversion circuit, wherein a space, in which air can flow, does not exist between said protective case and said photovoltaic element module main body, and wherein the thermal conductivity of the material of said first portion is smaller than that of the material of said second portion. 2. The converter according to claim 1, wherein the material of said first portion is a plastic material containing one member selected from the group consisting of polycarbonate, polyamide, polyacetal, modified PPO (PPE), polyester, polyallylate, unsaturated polyester, a phenolic resin, an epoxy resin, polybutyleneterephthalate, nylon, polypropylene, polyvinyl chloride, and an ABS resin. 3. The converter according to claim 1, wherein the material of said second portion contains one member selected from the group consisting of an aluminum plate, stainless steel plate, zinc-plated steel plate, galvalume steel plate, titanium steel plate, and stainless steel plate. 4. A power converter comprising a power conversion circuit for converting an output from a photovoltaic element and outputting the converted output, and a protective case containing said power conversion circuit, wherein said protective case comprises: a first portion for fixing said protective case to a photovoltaic element module having said photovoltaic element; and a second portion for fixing said power conversion circuit, wherein the thermal conductivity of the material of said first portion is smaller than that of the material of said second portion, and wherein the material of said second portion is a resin mixed with a thermally conductive material. 5. The converter according to claim 4, wherein the thermally conductive material contains at least one of a metal powder, metal oxide, metal fibers, metal-coated glass beads, and synthetic fibers. 6. The converter according to claim 4, wherein the thermally conductive material contains at least one of Al, Cu, Ni, ZnO, SnO.sub.2, Ag, and stainless steel. 7. The converter according to claim 4, wherein the thermally conductive material contains at least one of carbon black, carbon fibers, and graphite. 8. The converter according to claim 4, wherein the material of said first portion is a plastic material containing one member selected from the group consisting of polycarbonate, polyamide, polyacetal, modified PPO (PPE), polyester, polyallylate, unsaturated polyester, a phenolic resin, an epoxy resin, polybutyleneterephthalate, nylon, polypropylene polyvinyl chloride, and an ABS resin. 9. The converter according to claim 1, wherein said power conversion circuit is fixed in contact with a surface of said second portion. 10. The converter according to claim 1, wherein said power conversion circuit is fixed away from said second portion. 11. The converter according to claim 1, wherein said power conversion circuit is fixed to said second portion by using fixing means. 12. The converter according to claim 11, wherein said fixing means is mechanical fixation using a screw or fixation using an adhesive or filler. 13. The converter according to claim 1, wherein an adhesive or filler is packed between said protective case and said power conversion circuit. 14. The converter according to claim 1, wherein said power converter is an inverter which converts DC power into AC power. 15. The converter according to claim 1, wherein said power conversion circuit is mounted on a substrate having a metal core. 16. The converter according to claim 1, wherein said power converter is a DC/DC converter which converts DC power into another DC power having a different voltage. 17. The converter according to claim 1, wherein said photovoltaic element contains one member selected from the group consisting of a silicon semiconductor, compound semiconductor, single-crystal silicon, polysilicon, amorphous silicon, and thin-film polysilicon. 18. The converter according to claim 1, wherein said photovoltaic element is filled with a transparent insulating member and contained in said photovoltaic element module main body. 19. The converter according to claim 18, wherein said insulating member is transparent by the use of one member selected from the group consisting of an ethylene-vinyl acetate copolymer (EVA), ethylene-methyl acrylate copolymer (EMA), ethylene-ethyl acrylate copolymer (EEA), and polyvinyl butyral resin. 20. A photovoltaic element module comprising: a photovoltaic element module main body comprising a photovoltaic element; and a power converter comprising a power conversion circuit for converting an output from said photovoltaic element and outputting the converted output, and a protective case containing said power conversion circuit; wherein said protective case comprises: a first portion for fixing said protective case to said photovoltaic element module main body; and a second portion for fixing said power conversion circuit, wherein a space, in which air can flow, does not exist between said protective case and said photovoltaic element module main body, and wherein the thermal conductivity of the material of said first portion is smaller than that of the material of said second portion. 21. A power generator using a photovoltaic element module comprising: a photovoltaic element module main body comprising a photovoltaic element; and a power converter comprising a power conversion circuit for converting an output from said photovoltaic element and outputting the converted output, and a protective case containing said power conversion circuit; wherein said protective case comprises: a first portion for fixing said protective case to said photovoltaic element module main body; and a second portion for fixing said power conversion circuit, wherein a space, in which air can flow does not exist between said protective case and said photovoltaic element module main body, and wherein the thermal conductivity of the material of said first portion is smaller than that of the material of said second portion. 22. The generator according to claim 21, wherein said power generator comprises a plurality of photovoltaic element module main bodies, and said plurality of photovoltaic element module main bodies are connected to said power converter. 23. A power generator comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic element module main bodies, each of which has a photovoltaic element; a power converter which comprises a power conversion circuit to convert electric power output from the plurality of photovoltaic element module main bodies, and a protective case containing said power conversion circuit; and a frame to which the plurality of photovoltaic element module main bodies and the power converter are fixed, wherein said protective case is formed by a first portion which fixes the power converter to said frame, and a second portion to which said power conversion circuit is fixed, and wherein the thermal conductivity of the material of said first portion is smaller than that of the material of said second portion. 24. A power converter comprising a power conversion circuit for converting an output from a photovoltaic element and outputting the converted output, and a protective case containing said power conversion circuit, wherein said protective case comprises: a first portion for fixing said protective case to a photovoltaic element module main body having said photovoltaic element; and a second portion for fixing said power conversion circuit, wherein the thermal conductivity of the material of said first portion is smaller than that of the material of said second portion, and wherein said photovoltaic element module main body comprises a metal reinforcing plate which is arranged on a rear surface opposite to a light-receiving surface of said photovoltaic element and to which the protective case is installed. 