The invention relates to a method and device for the early detection of fire and for fighting fire indoors and outdoors, especially in living areas, of homes and buildings. According to the invention, a central freely programmable domestic control block comprising an intelligent bus system, sensors, and actuators controls, regulates and monitors the domestic technical system and, at the same time, sensors detect the direct and indirect fire characteristics, which are monitored by a separate check, control and regulating block that activates an extinguishing agent supply system when a set value has been exceeded. The aim of the invention is to improve a method and device of the aforementioned type such that the extinguishing agent is variably and selectively discharged with a high degree of efficacy by the provision of a system which can be modularly integrated in the security design of a building. The extinguishing agent is variably and selectively discharged according to the origin and progression of the fire while simultaneously minimizing the water consumption, decreasing the damage caused by water in the case of a fire, and increasing the economic efficiency. To this end, the invention provides that the check, control and regulating block interactively communicates with the control block of the domestic technical system, and that an extinguishing agent supply system is actuated which integrates all available extinguishing agent sources of a house and initiates the discharge of extinguishing agent with a variable quantity and distribution according to the origin and progression of the fire.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for early detection of fires and for fighting of fires in an interiors or exterior of a building in which a central control unit with an intelligent bus system, sensors and actuators controls, regulates and monitors the lighting, heating, air conditioning, windows, jalousies, intrusion protection alarm devices, and in which individual sensors simultaneously detect direct and indirect combustion characteristics as conditions caused by fire in the building, which are monitored by a separate check, control and regulating unit which, upon the overstepping of a setpoint value, activates an extinguishing supply system to release an extinguishing agent, said method comprising the steps of: a) monitoring and controlling said extinguishing supply system in response to changes in time or space of said conditions caused by fire by a smoke detection, temperature detection, gas detection, scent detection or image detection; b) determining the deviation from said setpoint value with the check, control and regulating unit; c) interrogating with at least one additional sensor through the check, control and regulating unit for distinction of a permissible controlled flame from an impermissible uncontrolled flame to the extent the deviation determined in step b) exceeds the setpoint value; d) interactively controlling of the central control unit with the check, control and regulating unit and triggering an alarm by the central control unit; and e) simultaneously and in parallel with step d) controlling the extinguishing agent supply system as a function of the change in conditions caused by the fire for variably releasing the extinguishing agent in terms of quantity and distribution until, according to step b) there is no longer a deviation detected from the setpoint value. 2. The method according to claim 1 the extinguishing agent is drinking water, whereby other water consumers in the interior of the building are separated by the extinguishing agent supply system or other sources provided for the extinguishing agent are connected thereto, and wherein the extinguishing agent is discharged separately, stepwise in a pulsatile or continuous operation in an early phase of fire development and as a finer spray mist and in dependence on further fire development as a coarser spray jet. 3. The method according to claim 1 wherein initially the water from a building heating source or from a solar apparatus is used before the system is connected to public drinking water. 4. The method according to claim 1 the extinguishing agent is gas, foam, aerosol or powder from separate containers. 5. The method according to claim 1 wherein said sensors include ionization smoke alarms, optical smoke alarms, maximum heat alarms, heat-differential alarms, flame alarms, scent detectors or multifunctional detectors. 6. The method according to claim 1 wherein, to discriminate a permissible controlled flame from an impermissible uncontrolled flame, a flicker detector is used. 7. The method according to claim 1 wherein the amount of distribution of the extinguishing agent is freely controllable and selective as a function of the course of combustion. 8. An apparatus for early detection and fighting of fires comprising: a central freely programmable domestic control unit connected to an intelligent bus system, sensors and actuators for the control, regulation and monitoring of lighting, heating, air-conditioning, windows, jalousies, intrusion protection, or alarm devices of a building; a central check, control and regulating unit for interaction with the freely programmable domestic control unit and for controlling an extinguishing agent supply system for feeding extinguishing agent; and sensors for direct and indirect detection of fire indicators as conditions caused by fire in individual living and dwelling rooms of the building and extinguishing agent actuators for delivering the extinguishing agent, the check, control and regulating unit being in interactive connection with the bus system of the domestic control, the extinguishing agent supply system and the extinguishing agent actuators for data exchange, control and regulation, the check control and regulating unit being associated with a respective plurality of sensors for detecting the temperature, the smoke and gas concentrations, the scent, and images, the extinguishing agent supply system having actuators each associated with separately triggerable signal generators for release of the extinguishing agent. 9. The apparatus according to claim 8, wherein the extinguishing agent supply system is connected to a pipe network with said extinguishing agent actuators which can be connected with a public drinking water supply line, a home heating system and storage systems for alternative energy sources separately or together to make and close off the connections by a separating unit. 10. The apparatus according to claim 8 wherein the extinguishing agent actuators are nozzles for discharging a spray cone of extinguishing agent whose ratio of fine droplets and coarse droplets is controllable between a zero value and a maximum value. 11. The apparatus according to claim 8 wherein the extinguishing agent actuators are sprinklers for the separate discharge of fine droplet or coarse droplet spray cones. 