A solar-cell-installed structure is disclosed in which a solar cell at least part of active electric portions of which stands exposed to surroundings is fixed onto a support placed on the ground, and the support is in only spot or line contact with the ground so that any leakage current can be small and the power loss can be lessened.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar-cell-installed structure comprising: a solar cell at least part of active electric portions of which stands exposed to surroundings; and a support placed on the ground and on which support the solar cell is fixed, wherein the support is in only spot or line contact with the ground. 2. The solar-cell-installed structure according to claim 1, wherein the support comprises a concrete material. 3. The solar-cell-installed structure according to claim 1, which further comprises a back support which supports the support placed on the ground, provided on the non-light-receiving side of the support placed on the ground. 4. The solar-cell-installed structure according to claim 3, wherein the support placed on the ground is in only spot or line contact with the back support. 5. The solar-cell-installed structure according to claim 3, wherein the support placed on the ground is in the form of a plate. 6. The solar-cell-installed structure according to claim 5, which satisfies the relation of: where d is the density (kg/m.sup.3) of the support placed on the ground, g is the acceleration of gravity (m/s.sup.2) of the support placed on the ground, .theta. is the angle of inclination of the support placed on the ground from the ground, and t is the thickness (m) of the support placed on the ground. 7. A solar-cell-installed structure comprising: a solar cell at least part of active electric portions of which stands exposed to surroundings; and a support placed on the ground in such a way that the support forms an inclined plane, with the solar cell being fixed on the inclined plane, wherein the support is in contact with the ground at least via an insulating member. 8. The solar-cell-installed structure according to claim 7, wherein the support comprises a concrete material. 9. A solar-cell-installed structure comprising: a solar cell at least part of active electric portions of which stands exposed to surroundings; a support placed on the ground and on which support the solar cell is fixed; and a back support which supports the support placed on the ground, provided on the non-light-receiving side of the support placed on the ground, wherein the support placed on the ground is in contact with the ground at least via an insulating member. 10. The solar-cell-installed structure according to claim 9, which has an insulating member between the support placed on the ground and the back support. 11. The solar-cell-installed structure according to claim 9, wherein the support placed on the ground is in the form of a plate. 12. The solar-cell-installed structure according to claim 11, which satisfies the relation of: where d is the density (kg/m.sup.3) of the support placed on the ground, g is the acceleration of gravity (m/s.sup.2) of the support placed on the ground, .theta. is the angle of inclination of the support placed on the ground from the ground, and t is the thickness (m) of the support placed on the ground. 13. The solar-cell-installed structure according to claim 7, wherein the insulating member has a surface tension of 28 mN/m or less. 14. A photovoltaic power generation system comprising: at least two solar-cell-installed structures which are electrically interconnected; and an inverter connected to the positive and negative terminals of the at least two solar-cell-installed structures and having a ground fault sensor; the solar-cell-installed structures each comprising: (i) a solar cell at least part of active electric portions of which stands exposed to surroundings; and (ii) a support placed on the ground and on which support the solar cell is fixed, wherein the support is in only spot or line contact with the ground. 15. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 14, wherein the solar-cell-installed structures are connected in series, and satisfy the relation of R>5.times.V.times.N, where N is the number of the solar-cell-installed structures connected in series, V is the voltage (V) of the photovoltaic power generation system, and R is the electrical resistance (.OMEGA.) between solar cells and the ground. 16. A photovoltaic power generation system comprising: at least two solar-cell-installed structures which are electrically interconnected; and an inverter connected to the positive and negative terminals of the at least two solar-cell-installed structures and having a ground fault sensor; the solar-cell-installed structures each comprising: (i) a solar cell at least part of active electric portions of which stands exposed to surroundings; and (ii) a support placed on the ground in such a way that the support forms an inclined plane, with the solar cell being fixed on the inclined plane, wherein the support is in contact with the ground at least via an insulating member. 17. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 16, wherein the solar-cell-installed structures are connected in series, and satisfy the relation of R>5.times.V.times.N, where N is the number of the solar-cell-installed structures connected in series, V is the voltage (V) of the photovoltaic power generation system, and R is the electrical resistance (.OMEGA.) between solar cells and the ground. 18. A photovoltaic power generation system comprising: at least two solar-cell-installed structures which are electrically interconnected; and an inverter connected to the positive and negative terminals of the at least two solar-cell-installed structures and having a ground fault sensor; the solar-cell-installed structures each comprising: (i) a solar cell at least part of active electric portions of which stands exposed to surroundings; (ii) a support placed on the ground and on which support the solar cell is fixed; and (iii) a back support which supports the support placed on the ground, provided on the non-light-receiving side of the support placed on the ground, wherein the support placed on the ground is in contact with the ground at least via an insulating member. 19. A solar-cell-installed structure comprising: a solar cell at least part of active electric portions of which stands exposed to surroundings; and a support placed on the ground in such a way that the support forms an inclined plane, with the solar cell being fixed on the inclined plane, wherein the support is in contact with the ground at least via an insulating member, and wherein the support has an L-shaped section. 20. A photovoltaic power generation system comprising: at least two solar-cell-installed structures which are electrically interconnected; and an inverter connected to the positive and negative terminals of the at least two solar-cell-installed structures and having a ground fault sensor; the solar-cell-installed structures each comprising: (i) a solar cell at least part of active electric portions of which stands exposed to surroundings; and (ii) a support placed on the ground in such a way that the support forms an inclined plane, with the solar cell being fixed on the inclined plane, wherein the support is in contact with the ground at least via an insulating member, and wherein the support has an L-shaped section. 