A mounting structure for mounting a photovoltaic element onto a metal body, which outputs a power generated by the photovoltaic element to the outside surface, and a method for mounting the photovoltaic element. In the mounting structure, the metal body has a first surface and a second surface opposite the first surface, in which the photovoltaic element is joined to the first surface and an electrically insulative material is joined to the second surface. A semiconductor element-mounting substrate for mounting a semiconductor element thereon comprising a retaining substrate having a circuit pattern, which has an electrode-joining portion for joining the semiconductor element electrode portion, an external terminal-fixing portion, and a groove between the electrode-joining portion and external-fixing portion, and a method for mounting the semiconductor element. In the mounting substrate, the electrode-joining portion is larger than the semiconductor element electrode portion.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A mounting structure in which a photovoltaic element is mounted together with a metal body for outputting a power generated by said photovoltaic element to the outside, said photovoltaic element having a light receiving face and a non-light receiving face and having a pair of electrodes on said non-light receiving face, said metal body having a first surface and a second surface opposite said first surface, wherein said photovoltaic element is joined to said first surface of said metal body and an electrically insulative joining material is joined to said second surface of said metal body, and wherein said electrically insulative joining material comprises an insulative double-coated adhesive sheet having heat conductivity. 2. A mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein said metal body comprises an electrically conductive metallic material principally comprising a metal selected from the group consisting of Au, Ag, Cu, Al, Ni, Fe, Co, W and an alloy thereof. 3. A mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein said metal body is shaped in a plate form having a thickness in a range of from 0.05 to 2 mm. 4. A mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein said metal body is shaped in a form capable of mounting a plurality of photovoltaic elements on an identical frame. 5. A mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein said photovoltaic element is electrically joined to said metal body through a joining material containing one or more metals selected from the group consisting of Sn, Pb, Ag, and Cu. 6. A mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein said electrically insulative joining material contains an adhesive material having heat conductivity. 7. A mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein a heat-radiating means is joined to the second surface of said metal body through said electrically insulative joining material. 8. A mounting structure according to claim 7, wherein said heat-radiating means has at least a flat face. 9. A mounting structure according to claim 7, wherein said heat-radiating means has a form capable of mounting at least two photovoltaic elements thereon. 10. A method for mounting a photovoltaic element, a metal body for outputting a power generated by said photovoltaic element to the outside, and a heat-radiating means for radiating heat generated in said photovoltaic element due to receipt of light irradiation, said photovoltaic element having a light receiving face and a non-light receiving face and having a pair of electrodes on said non-light receiving face, said metal body comprising a lead frame and having a first surface and a second surface opposite said first surface, said method including at least (a) a step of joining said photovoltaic element to a prescribed position on said first surface of said metal body by means of a joining material, said joining step further including a step of continuously supplying said lead frame and joining a plurality of photovoltaic elements to the lead frame continuously supplied at an equal interval and a step of cutting the lead frame having the plurality of photovoltaic elements joined thereto into individual frame units each having one of the photovoltaic elements; and (b) a step of joining said heat-radiating means to a prescribed position on said second surface of said metal body by means of an electrically insulative joining material. 11. The method according to claim 10, wherein said step (b) is performed after said step (a); said step (a) includes at least a step (a-i) of arranging said joining material at a prescribed position on the first surface of said metal body, a step (a-ii) of arranging said photovoltaic element at a prescribed position on the metal body where the joining material is arranged, and a step (a-iii) of heating said joining material to join said metal body and said photovoltaic element by the joining material; and said step (b) includes at least a step (b-i) of arranging said electrically insulative joining material at a prescribed position on said heat-radiating means, a step (b-ii) of arranging said metal body having said photovoltaic element joined thereto on said electrically insulative joining material arranged at the prescribed position on the heat-radiating means such that the second surface of the metal body is in contact with the electrically insulative joining material, and a step (b-iii) of pressing from above the front face of the photovoltaic element to join the metal body and the heat-radiating means through the electrically insulative joining material. 12. The method according to claim 11, wherein the step (b-iii) is performed using a pressing means comprising a structural body having a portion capable of being expanded by introducing air thereinto, wherein the pressing is performed by means of said expanded portion of said structural body. 13. The method according to claim 10, wherein the step (a) is performed after the step (b); the step (b) includes at least a step of joining the heat-radiating means onto the second surface of the metal body through the electrically insulative joining material; and the step (a) includes at least a step of arranging the joining material at a prescribed position on the first surface of the metal body, a step of arranging the photovoltaic element at a prescribed position on the metal body where the joining material is arranged, and a step of heating the joining material to join the metal body and the photovoltaic element by the joining material. 14. A semiconductor element-mounting substrate for mounting a semiconductor element thereon, said semiconductor element having an electrode portion, said mounting substrate comprising a retaining substrate having a circuit pattern for said semiconductor element, said circuit pattern having an electrode-joining portion for joining said electrode portion of said semiconductor element and an external terminal-fixing portion for fixing an external terminal wherein said electrode-joining portion and said external terminal-fixing portion are respectively electrically insulated, said electrode-joining portion being formed to be larger than said electrode portion of said semiconductor element, and said circuit pattern having a groove being provided between said electrode-joining portion and said external terminal-fixing portion. 15. A semiconductor element-mounting substrate according to claim 14, wherein the groove is provided at least along a circumference of a portion of the circuit pattern where the electrode portion of the semiconductor element is joined. 16. A semiconductor element-mounting substrate according to claim 14, wherein the groove is provided at least along the electrode-joining portion. 17. A semiconductor element-mounting substrate according to claim 14, wherein the groove is provided at least at an end portion of an area where the electrode portion of the semiconductor element is joined. 18. A semiconductor element-mounting substrate according to claim 14, wherein said semiconductor element-mounting substrate comprises a face having a support member and one or more circuit patterns. 19. A semiconductor element-mounting substrate according to claim 14, wherein the electrode portion of the photovoltaic element is joined to the electrode-joining portion of the circuit pattern using a joining material, and a joined portion comprising said joining material between said electrode portion and said electrode-joining portion has a thickness of more than 1/3 of that of said photovoltaic element. 20. A semiconductor element-mounting substrate according to claim 19, wherein the joining material comprises a metallic material containing Sn or/and Pb. 21. A semiconductor element-mounting substrate for mounting a semiconductor element having an electrode portion, said mounting substrate comprising a retaining substrate and a lead frame joined to said retaining substrate, said lead frame having a circuit pattern for said semiconductor element, said circuit pattern having an electrode-joining portion for joining said electrode portion of said semiconductor element and an external terminal-fixing portion for fixing an external terminal, said electrode-joining portion being larger than said electrode portion of said semiconductor element, and said circuit pattern having a groove being provided between said electrode-joining portion and said external terminal-fixing portion. 22. A semiconductor element-mounting substrate according to claim 21, wherein said retaining substrate is provided with a heat-radiating means. 23. A method for mounting a semiconductor element having an electrode portion on a semiconductor element-mounting substrate comprising a retaining substrate and a lead frame joined to said retaining substrate, said lead frame having a circuit pattern for said semiconductor element, said circuit pattern having an electrode-joining portion for joining said electrode portion of said semiconductor element and an external terminal-fixing portion for fixing an external terminal, said electrode-joining portion being larger than said electrode portion of said semiconductor element, and said circuit pattern having a groove being provided between said electrode-joining portion and said external terminal-fixing portion, said method comprising the steps of: (a) arranging a cream solder material at a prescribed position on said lead frame, (b) arranging said semiconductor element at a prescribed position on said lead frame where said cream solder material is arranged, (c) fusing said cream solder material to connect said electrode portion of said semiconductor element to said lead frame; and (d) joining the lead frame having the semiconductor element mounted thereon with said retaining substrate. 