The invention involves underwater vehicles utilizing submersible electricity generation and storage systems involving flywheel devices. These underwater vehicles include autonomous underwater vehicles, remotely operated vehicles, and supporting mobile and stationary tools, stations, and equipment. The underwater vehicle utilizes a pressurizable waterproof enclosure that contains a novel combination of: electricity generation devices, flywheel power sources, energy collection control circuitry and power distribution control circuitry. The underwater vehicle combines these elements to generate and store electricity underwater or at the surface of the water to meet the dynamic electrical requirements of autonomous underwater vehicles, remotely operated vehicles and stationary underwater structures.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A self-contained underwater vehicle, said vehicle comprising: a pressurizable waterproof body; at least one electricity generation device located outside said body; at least one flywheel power source located inside said body; energy collection control circuitry located inside said body, the energy collection control circuitry communicating between said electricity generation device and said flywheel power source for transferring electricity between said electricity generation device and said flywheel power source; at least one propulsion device; and a power distribution control circuitry located inside said body said power distribution control circuitry connected between said flywheel power source and said propulsion device for transferring electricity between said flywheel power source and said propulsion device. 2. The self-contained underwater vehicle of claim 1, further comprising at least one electricity generating device is located inside said body. 3. The self-contained underwater vehicle of claim 1, further comprising: at least one communications device located inside said body, to transmit and receive data. 4. The self-contained underwater vehicle of claim 1, further comprising: at least one processor located inside said body, wherein said processor is connected between said flywheel power source and said energy collection control circuitry to monitor and direct flywheel activity. 5. The self-contained underwater vehicle of claim 1, further comprising: at least one submersible non-propulsion device affixed to said body. 6. The self-contained underwater vehicle of claim 5, wherein said non-propulsion submersible device is selected from the group consisting of: cameras, lights, sensors, sonars, profilers, pingers, repeaters, transducers, transponders, magnetometers, cathodic potentiometers, radars, temperature devices, depth sensors, side-scan sonars, multi-beam sonars, sub-bottom profilers, temperature sensors, moisture sensors, light sensors, manipulators, global positioning satellite devices, collision detection sonar, inertial navigation devices, navigation equipment, communication equipment, dive control planes, rudders, and docking devices. 7. The self-contained underwater vehicle of claim 1, further comprising: a bypass circuit located inside said body, wherein said bypass circuit communicates with said energy collection control circuitry and said power distribution control circuitry. 8. The self-contained underwater vehicle of claim 7, wherein said bypass circuit comprises a bypass storage device. 9. The self-contained underwater vehicle of claim 1, further comprising: a docking device located outside of said body, wherein said docking device is electrically connected to said flywheel power source. 10. The self-contained underwater vehicle of claim 1, wherein said electricity generation device is selected from the group consisting of: acoustico devices, cathodic potential devices, electrochemical devices, electrostatic devices, flexogelectric devices, ionic polymer gel devices, photovoltaic devices, piezocapacitors, piezocrystals, piezoelectric devices, piezomagnetic devices, piezoresistors, piezovoltaic devices, and thermocoupling devices. 11. The self-contained underwater vehicle of claim 1, wherein said propulsion device is selected from the group consisting of: thrusters, stabilizers, propellers, mechanical devices, and electrical motors. 12. An underwater vehicle having a waterproof and pressurizable body for self-containment comprising: means for generating electricity located outside said body; at least one flywheel power source located inside said body; means for energy collection located inside said body, the energy collection means connected between said electricity generation means and said flywheel power source for transferring electricity between said electricity generation means and said flywheel power source; and means for power distribution located inside said body and a motive means located outside said body, said power distribution means connected between said flywheel power source and said motive means for transferring electricity between said flywheel power source and said motive means. 13. The underwater vehicle of claim 12, further comprising means for generating electricity located inside said body. 14. The underwater vehicle of claim 12, further comprising: means for communication, said communication means located inside said body to transmit and receive data. 15. The underwater vehicle of claim 14, further comprising: at least one processor located inside said body, wherein said processor is connected to said power distribution means and said communication means. 16. The underwater vehicle of claim 12, further comprising: second means for storing electricity generated by said electricity generation means located inside said body. 17. The vehicle of claim 12, further comprising: means for communication located inside said body, wherein the communication means transmits and receives data between said vehicle and a desired communications device outside said body. 18. The submersible underwater vessel of claim 17, further comprising at least one electricity generating device located inside said body. 19. A submersible underwater vessel capable of generating and storing electricity, said vessel comprising: a pressurizable waterproof body; at least one electricity generation device located outside said body; at least one flywheel power source located inside said body; an energy collection control circuitry located inside said body, the energy collection control circuitry communicating between said electricity generation device and said flywheel power source for transferring electricity between said electricity generation device and said flywheel power source; at least one propulsion device; a power distribution control circuitry located inside said body, said power distribution control circuitry connected between said flywheel power source and said propulsion device for transferring electricity between said flywheel power source and said propulsion device; at least one communications device located inside said body, to transmit and receive data, and at least one processor located inside said body, wherein said processor is connected between said flywheel power source and said energy collection control circuitry to monitor and direct flywheel activity. 20. The submersible underwater vessel of claim 19, further comprising an at least one submersible non-propulsion device affixed to said body. 21. The submersible underwater vessel of claim 20, wherein said non-propulsion submersible device is selected from the group consisting of: cameras, lights, sensors, sonars, profilers, pingers, repeaters, transducers, transponders, magnetometers, cathodic potentiometers, radars, temperature devices, depth sensors, side-scan sonars, multi-beam sonar, sub-bottom profilers, temperature sensors, moisture sensors, light sensors, manipulators, global positioning satellite devices, collision detection sonar, inertial navigation devices, navigation equipment, communication equipment, dive control planes, rudders, and docking devices. 22. The submersible underwater vessel of claim 19, further comprising: a bypass circuit located inside said body, wherein said bypass circuit communicates with said energy collection control circuitry and said power distribution control circuitry. 23. The submersible underwater vessel of claim 22, wherein said bypass circuit comprises a bypass storage device. 24. The submersible underwater vessel of claim 19, further comprising: a docking device located outside of said body, wherein said docking device is electrically connected to said flywheel power source. 25. The submersible underwater vessel of claim 19, wherein said electricity generation device is selected from the group consisting of: acoustico devices, cathodic potential devices, electrochemical devices, electrostatic devices, flexogelectric devices, ionic polymer gel devices, photovoltaic devices, piezocapacitors, piezocrystals, piezoelectric devices, piezomagnetic devices, piezoresistors, piezovoltaic devices, and thermocoupling devices. 26. The submersible underwater vessel of claim 19, wherein said propulsion device is selected from the group consisting of: thrusters, stabilizers, propellers, mechanical devices, and electrical motors. 27. A self-contained underwater vehicle, said vehicle comprising: a pressurizable waterproof body; at least one electricity generation device located inside said body; at least one flywheel power source located inside said body; energy collection control circuitry located inside said body, the energy collection control circuitry communicating between said electricity generation device and said flywheel power source for transferring electricity between said electricity generation device and said flywheel power source; at least one propulsion device; and a power distribution control circuitry located inside said body said power distribution control circuitry connected between said flywheel power source and said propulsion device for transferring electricity between said flywheel power source and said propulsion device. 28. The self-contained underwater vehicle of claim 27, further comprising: at least one communications device located inside said body, to transmit and receive data. 29. The self-contained underwater vehicle of claim 27, further comprising: at least one processor located inside said body, wherein said processor is connected between said flywheel power source and said energy collection control circuitry to monitor and direct flywheel activity. 30. The self-contained underwater vehicle of claim 27, further comprising: at least one submersible non-propulsion device affixed to said body. 31. The self-contained underwater vehicle of claim 30, wherein said non-propulsion submersible device is selected from the group consisting of: cameras, lights, sensors, sonars, profilers, pingers, repeaters, transducers, transponders, magnetometers, cathodic potentiometers, radars, temperature devices, depth sensors, side-scan sonars, multi-beam sonars, sub-bottom profilers, temperature sensors, moisture sensors, light sensors, manipulators, global positioning satellite devices, collision detection sonar, inertial navigation devices, navigation equipment, communication equipment, dive control planes, rudders, and docking devices. 32. The self-contained underwater vehicle of claim 27, further comprising: a bypass circuit located inside said body, wherein said bypass circuit communicates with said energy collection control circuitry and said power distribution control circuitry. 33. The self-contained underwater vehicle of claim 32, wherein said bypass circuit comprises a bypass storage device. 34. The self-contained underwater vehicle of claim 27, further comprising: a docking device located outside of said body, wherein said docking device is electrically connected to said flywheel power source. 35. The self-contained underwater vehicle of claim 27, wherein said electricity generation device is selected from the group consisting of: acoustico devices, cathodic potential devices, electrochemical devices, electrostatic devices, flexogelectric devices, ionic polymer gel devices, photovoltaic devices, piezocapacitors, piezocrystals, piezoelectric devices, piezomagnetic devices, piezoresistors, piezovoltaic devices, and thermocoupling devices. 36. The self-contained underwater vehicle of claim 27, wherein said propulsion device is selected from the group consisting of: thrusters, stabilizers, propellers, mechanical devices, and electrical motors. 