A continuous power supply may include a turbogenerator to provide power to supply the load and or an energy storage element and possibly also to the primary energy source. Utilizing an isolated DC bus architecture permits bi-directional power flow among interconnected elements.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A power supply with back-up generation comprising: a power source connected to a first bi-directional converter; a turbogenerator connected to a second bi-directional converter; a load connected to a converter; a DC bus interconnecting each of the converters; an energy storage element connected to the DC bus; a bus sensor element connected to the DC bus, providing bus status signals; and a controller receiving bus status signals for controlling said turbogenerator. 2. The power supply of claim 1 wherein the bus status signals further comprise: DC bus voltage; and energy storage element current flow. 3. The power supply of claim 1 wherein the controller further comprises: a decoupled speed control loop; a decoupled temperature control loop; and a decoupled power control loop. 4. A method of providing uninterruptable power to a load comprising: providing a primary power source isolated by a first bi-directional power converter; providing a turbogenerator isolated by a second bi-directional power converter; providing a load isolated by a power converter; interconnecting each of the isolation power converters with a DC bus; connecting an energy storage element to the DC bus; monitoring the status of the DC bus and providing the status signals to the controller; and controlling the turbogenerator using bus status signals. 5. A standby system for supplying power to a network when a preferred power supply system is unavailable, the network including a coupling device adapted to be coupled between the preferred power supply system and a load, a DC bus adapted to be coupled to and between the coupling device and the load, a power converter coupled to the DC bus, and an energy storage device coupled to the power converter, comprising: an electric power supply adapted to be coupled between the energy storage device and the power converter; a sensor for sensing energy capacity of the energy storage device; and a controller coupled to said sensor and to said electric power supply for controlling the operation of said electric power supply as a function of energy capacity sensed by said sensor. 6. The standby system according to claim 5, wherein said electric power supply comprises a turbogenerator/motor. 7. The standby system according to claim 5, wherein said electric power supply comprises a fuel cell. 8. The standby system according to claim 5, wherein said electric power supply comprises a wind turbine. 9. The standby system according to claim 5, wherein said electric power supply comprises photovoltaic cells. 10. The standby system according to claim 5, wherein said sensor comprises a voltage sensor for sensing voltage at the energy storage device. 11. The standby system according to claim 5, wherein said sensor comprises a current sensor for sensing current into or out of the energy storage device. 12. An uninterruptable continuous power supply system, comprising: a first power converter adapted to be coupled to a primary power source; a second power converter adapted to be coupled to a load; a DC bus coupled to and between the first and second power converters; an energy storage device coupled to the DC bus; an electric power supply coupled between the energy storage device and the DC bus; a sensor for sensing energy capacity of the energy storage device; and a controller coupled to said sensor and to said electric power supply for controlling the operation of said electric power supply as a function of energy capacity sensed by said sensor. 13. The system according to claim 12, wherein said electric power supply comprises a turbogenerator/motor. 14. The system according to claim 12, wherein said electric power supply comprises a fuel cell. 15. The system according to claim 12, wherein said electric power supply comprises a wind turbine. 16. The system according to claim 12, wherein said electric power supply comprises photovoltaic cells. 17. The system according to claim 12, wherein said sensor comprises a voltage sensor for sensing voltage at the energy storage device. 18. The system according to claim 12, wherein said sensor comprises a current sensor for sensing current into or out of the energy storage device. 19. The system according to claim 12, wherein said energy storage device comprises a battery. 20. The system according to claim 12, wherein said energy storage device comprises a ultracapacitor. 21. The system according to claim 12, wherein said energy storage device comprises a flywheel. 22. The system according to claim 12, further comprising a further power converter coupled between said electric power supply and said DC bus. 23. The system according to claim 22, wherein said further power converter is coupled to said energy storage device. 24. An uninterruptable continuous power supply system, comprising: a first AC/DC bi-directional power converter, adapted to be coupled to a primary power source; a second AC/DC bi-directional power converter, adapted to be coupled to a load; a DC bus coupled to and between said first and second power converters; a secondary power source coupled to said DC bus between said first and second power converters; a turbogenerator/motor coupled to and between said secondary power source and said DC bus; a voltage sensor for sensing voltage at said secondary power source; and a controller coupled to said voltage sensor and to said turbogenerator/motor for controlling the operation of said turbogenerator/motor as a function of voltage detected by said voltage sensor. 25. A method for supplying power to a network when a preferred power supply system is unavailable, wherein the network includes a coupling device adapted to be coupled between the preferred power supply system and a load, a DC bus adapted to be coupled to and between the coupling device and the load, a power converter coupled to the DC bus, and an energy storage device coupled to the power converter, comprising: sensing energy capacity of the energy storage device; and controlling the operation of an electric power supply for supplying power to the network when the sensed energy capacity of the energy storage device is below a predetermined limit. 26. A method of augmenting an energy storage device associated with an uninterruptable power supply system, comprising: sensing a voltage at the energy storage device; converting the sensed voltage into a control signal; and controlling the operation of an electric power supply as a function of said control signal to supply power to the uninterruptable power supply system to augment the energy storage device and maintain a desired D.C. bus voltage. 27. The method of claim 26, further comprising: supplying power from the electric power supply to the energy storage device to restore the energy storage device to a fully charged state. 28. For use with an uninterruptable continuous power supply system having a first AC/DC bi-directional power converter adapted to be coupled to a primary power source, and a second AC/DC bi-directional power converter adapted to be coupled to a load, comprising: a DC bus adapted to be coupled to and between the first and second power converters; a secondary power source coupled to said DC bus; a turbogenerator/motor coupled to and between said secondary power source and said DC bus; a voltage sensor coupled to said DC bus for sensing voltage on said bus; and a controller coupled to said voltage sensor and to said turbogenerator/motor for controlling the operation of said turbogenerator/motor as a function of voltage detected by said voltage sensor. 29. The apparatus according to claim 28, further comprising a further power converter coupled between said turbogenerator/motor and said DC bus. 30. The apparatus according to claim 29, wherein said further power converter comprises an AC/DC bi-directional power converter. 31. The apparatus according to claim 28, wherein said secondary power source comprises a battery. 32. The apparatus according to claim 28, wherein said secondary power source comprises an ultracapacitor. 33. The apparatus according to claim 28, wherein said secondary power source comprises a flyhwheel. 34. A standby system for supplying power to a network when a preferred power supply system is unavailable, the network including first and second power converters adapted to be coupled between the preferred power supply system and a load, a DC bus coupled to and between the first and second power converters, and an energy storage device coupled to the DC bus, comprising: an electric power supply adapted to be coupled between the energy storage device and the DC bus; a sensor for sensing energy capacity of the energy storage device; and a controller coupled to said sensor and to said electric power supply for controlling the operation of said electric power supply as a function of energy capacity sensed by said sensor. 35. The standby system according to claim 34, wherein said electric power supply comprises a turbogenerator/motor. 36. The standby system according to claim 34, said electric power supply comprises a fuel cell. 37. The standby system according to claim 34, wherein said electric power supply comprises a wind turbine. 38. The standby system according to claim 34, wherein said electric power supply comprises photovoltaic cells. 39. The standby system according to claim 34, wherein said sensor comprises a voltage sensor for sensing voltage at the energy storage device. 40. The standby system according to claim 34, wherein said sensor comprises a current sensor for sensing current into or out of the energy storage device. 