A solar water heater has a rotationally-molded water box and a glazing subassembly disposed over the water box that enhances solar gain and provides an insulating air space between the outside environment and the water box. When used with a pressurized water system, an internal heat exchanger is integrally molded within the water box. Mounting and connection hardware is included to provide a rapid and secure method of installation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar water heater, comprising: an integrally molded fluid container having a unitary, one-piece construction that includes a top surface, a bottom wall and peripheral side walls, wherein at least one structural connection is disposed between the top surface and the bottom wall to provide structural support to the molded fluid container, the container defining an interior space for holding a liquid under atmospheric pressure; a heat exchanger disposed within the liquid in the interior space of the molded fluid container, the heat exchanger containing a fluid pressurized above atmospheric pressure; and a glazing subassembly disposed over the molded fluid container. 2. The solar water heater as in claim 1, wherein the top surface absorbs solar energy and the side walls slope inwardly toward the top surface to enhance the amount of solar gain to the molded fluid container when solar rays are at an oblique angle to the top surface of the molded fluid. 3. The solar water heater as in claim 1, wherein the at least one structural connection is formed integrally with the molded fluid container. 4. The solar water heater as in claim 1, wherein the at least one structural connection has a truncated cone shape. 5. The solar water heater as in claim 1, wherein the heat exchanger is integrally molded within the molded fluid container. 6. The solar water heater as in claim 1, wherein the solar water heater is in contact with a mounting surface and the molded fluid container includes a plurality of ribs disposed on an underside of the bottom wall of the molded fluid container to provide elongated air spaces between the ribs to allow air to circulate between the molded fluid container and the mounting surface. 7. The solar water heater as in claim 6, wherein the air spaces are open at a lower end to provide ventilation between the water heater and the mounting surface, and are substantially closed at an upper end to prevent entry of foreign objects into the air spaces. 8. The solar water heater as in claim 7, wherein the open lower ends of the air spaces are covered with a porous material to prevent entry of foreign objects while allowing air movement between the water heater and the mounting surface. 9. The solar water heater as in claim 1, wherein the molded fluid container is tapered from a lower portion having a narrower profile to an upper portion having a thicker profile. 10. The solar water heater as in claim 9, wherein a plurality of the structural connections are spaced more closely near the lower portion of the molded fluid container than at the upper potion to provide increased strength to the molded fluid container where hydraulic pressure is highest. 11. The solar water heater as in claim 1, wherein the molded fluid container further comprises at least two through-connects wherein a first through-connect extends downwardly from the top surface and a second through-connect extends upwardly from the bottom wall and the through-connects support the heat exchanger. 12. The solar water heater as in claim 1, wherein the heat exchanger includes an inlet and an outlet that penetrate a surface of the molded fluid container and an integral seal is formed around the inlet and outlet during a molding process. 13. The solar water heater as in claim 12, wherein the inlet and the outlet are located at about the horizontal center of the molded fluid container to minimize any leakage caused by expansion and contraction of fluid supply pipes connected to the inlet and outlet at mounting surface penetration locations. 14. The solar water heater as in claim 1, wherein the molded fluid container includes at least one fill port. 15. The solar water heater as in claim 1, wherein the molded fluid container includes a recess in an upper portion to allow at least one of plumbing connections and mounting connections to be completed. 16. The solar water heater as in claim 1, further comprising: a structural member attachable to the underside of the bottom wall of the molded fluid container to facilitate mounting the solar water heater to a mounting surface; and a support toe attachable to the structural member at a lower end of the structural member, wherein the support toe provides an interconnect between the glazing subassembly and the molded fluid container. 17. The solar water heater as in claim 1, wherein the glazing subassembly further comprises: a glazing panel; and edge extrusions formed around the periphery of the panel, wherein the edge extrusions include at least one projection to retain an upper sealant to maintain a seal between the glazing subassembly and the molded fluid container and at least one recess to retain a lower sealant to maintain a seal between the glazing subassembly and a mounting surface. 18. The solar water heater as in claim 17, wherein the glazing panel is thermally formed from a polymeric sheet having a top surface and sides that slope inwardly toward the top surface of the glazing panel, relatively parallel to the sides of the molded fluid container edges to enhance the amount of solar gain to the molded fluid container when solar rays are at an oblique angle to the top surface of the molded fluid container. 19. The solar water heater as in claim 17, wherein the glazing panel is structurally reinforced at the edges by perimeter extrusions joined to the glazing panel and the extrusions interlock with the edges of the glazing panel to prevent the glazing panel from separating from the extrusions under wind uplift forces. 20. The solar water heater as in claim 1, wherein the glazing subassembly is attached to a flexible connection that is attached to a support toe at a lower edge of the molded fluid container and to a mounting plate at an upper edge of the molded fluid container, wherein the flexible connection allows the glazing subassembly to be pivoted to provide access to the molded fluid container and at least one of plumbing connections and mounting connections. 21. The solar water heater as in claim 17, wherein the glazing panel includes projections formed on an interior surface of the panel to maintain an air space between the glazing panel and the top surface of the molded fluid container. 22. The solar water heater as in claim 17, wherein the glazing panel is retained to the molded fluid container with a plurality of removable clips and a side of each clip is held in contact with an outward edge of the extrusion. 23. The solar water heater as in claim 1, further comprising mounting hardware to secure the solar water heat to a mounting surface, wherein the mounting hardware includes: a structural member attachable to an underside of the bottom wall of the molded fluid container to facilitate mounting of the solar water heater to the mounting surface; a support toe attachable to the structural member at a lower end of the structural member, wherein the support toe provides an interconnect between the glazing subassembly and the molded fluid container; an upper plate detachably connected to an upper portion of the structural member; an upper bracket disposed below the mounting surface substantially opposite the upper plate that bears on and substantially surrounds a support member of the mounting surface; a lower plate detachably connected to a lower portion of the structural member; a lower bracket disposed below the mounting surface substantially opposite the lower plate, wherein the lower bracket bears on and substantially surrounds the support member; and a plurality of fasteners to connect the upper and lower plates to the upper and lower brackets, respectively. 24. The solar water heater as in claim 23, wherein a bottom and a side of at least one of the brackets is open to allow the bracket to fit around a co-planar joint between the structural member and a supporting web member at the underside of the structural member. 25. The solar water heater as in claim 23, wherein at least one of the plates and at least one of the brackets include at least one matching clearance hole to provide passage for a fluid supply line to be connected to the heat exchanger. 26. The solar water heater as in claim 23, wherein at least one of the upper bracket and the lower bracket include at least one tab portion that extends orthagonally from a side of the bracket disposed adjacent to a clearance hole and the tab includes a hole to receive a fastener that retains the fluid supply line in a desired position. 27. The solar water heater as in claim 23, further comprising a gasket disposed between at least one of the plates and the mounting surface, wherein the gasket prevents water penetration. 28. The solar water heater as in claim 23, wherein the plates include rims that project upwardly along an upper edge of the plates to deflect water on the mounting surface away from the fasteners and mounting surface penetration. 29. The solar water heater as in claim 23, wherein the structural member is a channel-type strut having a back and two projections that extend from the back, wherein the strut detachably connects to the lower plate by a pin that passes through each projection of the channel-type strut and the lower plate to counter wind uplift of the solar water heater. 30. The solar water heater of claim 23, wherein the structural member is secured to the molded fluid container with at least one fastener inserted through sealed, molded penetrations in the container. 