A vehicle wheel illumination system is a device having four separate light assemblies that are affixed above a tire and within the wheel well above the respective tire. Each light assembly includes a housing formed from a base, a wall and a cap that is removable. The base houses the electrical wiring that is coupled with a bulb stem. A bulb is inserted into the bulb stem to provide illumination. The cap includes a translucent lens through which the illuminated bulb is transmitted. The housing further includes mounting means for attaching the housing to the wheel well. The electrical wiring is further coupled to the electrical system of the automobile.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A vehicle wheel illumination system comprising: four light assemblies, each one of said light assemblies separately mounted within a fender over each respective tire, each said light assembly comprising a light source housed within a waterproof housing; said housing comprises a base comprising an orifice for ingress and egress of electrical wiring to at least one bulb stem, said bulb stem receiving a light bulb; a wall depending from said base, said wall comprising external threads about a circumference of an opening formed opposite to said base; and a cap comprising a lip having internal threads about a circumference of said lip, said cap further comprising a translucent lens integral to said lip and provided to transmit light emanating from said light bulb, said cap threadably coupled to said wall about said opening, a plurality of wiring harnesses, each one of said wiring harnesses electrically coupled between said light assemblies and the electrical circuitry of an automobile; and mounting means provided for affixing each of said light assemblies to said fender. 2. The vehicle wheel illumination system of claim 1, wherein said mounting means comprises a pair of brackets formed about an exterior of said, said pair of brackets including an elongated aperture formed therein for receiving of attachment means. 3. The vehicle wheel illumination system of claim 1, wherein said mounting means comprises an industrial adhesive applied to said base to affix said base and said housing to said fender. 4. The vehicle wheel illumination system of claim 1, wherein said mounting means comprises a permanent seam formed by welding of said housing to said fender. 5. The vehicle wheel illumination system of claim 1, further comprising a mode switch for indicating and permitting alteration in made operation of said light assemblies. 6. The vehicle wheel illumination system of claim 1, further comprising a solar power converter for absorbing, storing and converting solar energy into electrical energy used by said light assemblies. 7. A vehicle wheel illumination system comprising: four light assemblies, each of said light assemblies separately mounted within a fender over each respective tire, each said light assembly comprising a light source housed within a waterproof housing; said housing comprises a base comprising an orifice for ingress and egress of electrical wiring to at least one bulb stem, said bulb stem receiving a light bulb; a wall depending from said base, said wall comprising external threads about a circumference of an opening formed opposite to said base; said base and said wall form a volume into which said light bulb is received and housed; and a cap comprising a lip having internal threads about a circumference of said lip, said cap further comprising a translucent lens integral to said lip and provided to transmit light emanating from maid light bulb, said cap threadably coupled to said wall about said opening; a plurality of wiring harnesses, each one of said wiring harnesses electrically coupled between said light assemblies and the electrical circuitry of an automobile; and mounting means provided for affixing each of said light assemblies to said fender. 8. The vehicle wheel illumination system of claim 7, wherein said translucent lens is a member selected from the group consisting of glass, poly (methyl methacrylates), acrylic resins and polycarbonates. 9. The vehicle wheel illumination system of claim 7, wherein said mounting means comprises a pair of brackets formed about an exterior of said base, said pair of brackets including an elongated aperture formed therein for receiving of attachment means. 10. The vehicle wheel illumination system of claim 7, wherein said mounting means comprises an industrial adhesive applied to said base to affix said base and said housing to said fender. 11. The vehicle wheel illumination system of claim 7, wherein said mounting means comprises a permanent seam formed by welding of said housing to said fender. 12. The vehicle wheel illumination system of claim 7, further comprising a mode switch for indicating and permitting alteration in mode operation of said light assemblies. 13. The vehicle wheel illumination system of claim 7, farther comprising a solar power converter for absorbing, storing and converting solar energy Into electrical energy used by said light assemblies. 14. A vehicle wheel illumination system comprising: four light assemblies, each of said light assemblies separately mounted within a fender over each respective tire, each said light assembly comprising a light source housed within a waterproof housing; said housing comprises a base comprising an orifice for ingress and egress of electrical wiring to at least one bulb stem, said bulb stem receiving a light bulb; a wall depending from said base, said wall comprising external threads about a circumference of an opening formed opposite to said base; and a cap comprising a lip having internal threads about a circumference of said lip, said cap further comprising a translucent lens integral to said lip and provided to transmit light emanating from maid light bulb, said cap threadably coupled to said wall about said opening; said translucent lens is a member selected from the group consisting of glass, poly (methyl methacrylates), acrylic resins and polycarbonates; a plurality of wiring harnesses, each one of said wiring harnesses electrically coupled between said light assemblies and the electrical circuitry of an automobile; and mounting means provided for affixing each of said light assemblies to said fender. 15. The vehicle wheel illumination system of claim 14, wherein said mounting means comprises a pair of brackets formed about an exterior of said base, said pair of brackets including an elongated aperture formed therein for receiving of attachment means. 16. The vehicle wheel illumination system of claim 14, wherein said mounting means comprises an industrial adhesive applied to said base to affix said base and said housing to said fender. 17. The vehicle wheel illumination system of claim 14, wherein said mounting means comprises a permanent seam formed by welding of said housing to said fender. 18. The vehicle wheel illumination system of claim 14, further comprising a mode switch for indicating and permitting alteration in mode operation of said light assemblies. 19. The vehicle wheel illumination system of claim 14, further comprising a solar power converter for absorbing, storing and converting solar energy into electrical energy used by said light assemblies. 