A heated bridge deck (20) uses electrodes (24, 26) embedded within conductive concrete and connected to a power source to remove snow and ice accumulation. A cement-based mixture containing optimal amounts of conductive materials is molded into pre-formed slabs (22) placed atop the paved surface of a bridge deck. Alternatively, the conductive concrete may be cast in place on top of an existing bridge deck. A control unit with temperature and moisture sensors may be coupled to the heated bridge deck.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A bridge deck comprising: a plurality of concrete slabs in space relation, each concrete slab constructed of a conductive concrete mixture, said mixture including cement; aggregate; water; and conductive materials, wherein said conductive materials include metal fibers and metal particles; and a plurality of electrodes embedded in said conductive concrete mixture at spaced locations, each of said electrodes comprising parallel plate portions and an intermediate section, said parallel plate portions and said intermediate section forming a void therebetween through which said conductive concrete mixture may flow. 2. The mixture of claim 1 wherein said metal fibers comprise 1-3% of the total volume of conductive concrete mixture and said metal particles comprise 5-40% of the total volume of conductive concrete mixture. 3. The mixture of claim 2 wherein said metal fibers comprise 1-2% of the total volume of conductive concrete mixture and said metal particles comprise 10-30% of the total volume of conductive concrete mixture. 4. The mixture of claim 3 wherein said metal fibers comprise 1.5% of the total volume of conductive concrete mixture and said metal particles comprise 20% of the total volume of conductive concrete mixture. 5. The mixture of claim 4 wherein said electrodes are spaced four to six feet apart. 6. A method of making conductive concrete comprising: loading coarse aggregate onto a conveyer; loading metal particles onto said conveyer; thereafter placing metal fibers onto said conveyer wherein the contents of said conveyer then are emptied into a container containing cement in water; and mixing said coarse aggregate, metal particles, metal fibers and cement in water in said container. 7. A heating system for a bridge deck comprising: a photovoltaic cell; an energy storage device electrically coupled to said photovoltaic cell; conductive concrete forming at least a portion of the bridge deck and being electrically coupled to said energy storage device; wherein said conductive concrete includes metal fibers and metal particles; and a plurality of electrodes embedded in said conductive concrete and coupled to said energy storage device, each of said electrodes comprising parallel plate portions and an intermediate section, said parallel plate portions and said intermediate section forming a void therebetween through which said conductive concrete mixture may flow. 8. The heating system of claim 7 wherein said energy storage device is a bank of one or more batteries. 9. The heating system of claim 8 wherein said power system further comprises an inverter and a step-up transformer, said inverter electrically coupled between said energy storage device and said transformer, said transformer electrically coupled between said inverter and said electrodes. 10. Electrodes for use in a conductive concrete bridge deck system comprising: two parallel plate portions; and at least one intermediate section, said parallel plate portions and said intermediate section forming at least one void therebetween through which conductive concrete may flow; wherein said electrodes are embedded in the conductive concrete at spaced locations. 11. The electrodes of claim 10 wherein said parallel plate portions and said intermediate section are formed as part of a single metal plate. 12. The electrodes of claim 11 wherein said intermediate sections are formed by attaching elongated rod structures to said parallel plate portions at spaced locations. 13. The electrodes of claim 12 wherein said parallel plate portions are formed from corrugated metal. 14. A heating system for a bridge deck comprising: a plurality of concrete slabs in spaced relation, each concrete slab including a first layer; a second layer made of an electrically conductive material situated atop said first layer; said second layer comprising a cementitious composite admixed with metal particles and metal fibers; a plurality of electrodes embedded in said second layer, each of said electrodes comprising parallel plate portions and an intermediate section, said parallel plate portions and said intermediate section forming a void therebetween through which said conductive concrete may flow; and means for applying an electric current to said electrodes. 15. The heating system of claim 14 wherein said means to apply an electrical current comprises a power source capable of applying an electrical current to a planar surface of said second layer sufficient to heat said planar surface to a temperature greater than 0.degree. C. 16. The heating system of claim 15 wherein said means to apply an electrical current comprises a power source capable of applying an average electrical power of 500-600 W/m.sup.2 to said electrically conductive material. 17. The heating system of claim 16 wherein said power source is a direct current power source. 18. The heating system of claim 16 wherein said power source is an alternate current power source. 19. The heating system of claim 16 wherein said power source is a photovoltaic power source. 20. The heating system of claim 15 wherein said power source is a direct current power source. 21. The heating system of claim 15 wherein said power source is an alternating current power source. 22. The heating system of claim 15 wherein said power source is a photovoltaic power source. 23. A heating system for a bridge deck comprising: a first layer; a second layer made of an electrically conductive material situated atop said first layer; a thermal insulating layer disposed between said first layer and said second layer; a plurality of electrodes embedded in said second layer, each of said electrodes comprising parallel plate portions and an intermediate section, said parallel plate portions and said intermediate section forming a void therebetween through which said conductive concrete may flow; and means for applying an electrical current to said electrodes. 24. The heating system of claim 23 wherein said second layer comprises a cementitious composite admixed with a plurality of electrically conductive components. 25. The heating system of claim 24 wherein said plurality of electrically conductive components are metal particles and metal fibers. 26. The heating system of claim 25 wherein said means to apply an electrical current comprises a power source capable of applying an electrical current to a planar surface of said second layer sufficient to heat said planar surface to a temperature greater than 0.degree. C. 27. The heating system of claim 26 wherein said means to apply an electrical current comprises a power source capable of applying an average electrical power of 500-600 W/m.sup.2 to said electrically conductive material. 28. The heating system of claim 27 wherein said power source is a direct current power source. 29. The heating system of claim 27 wherein said power source is an alternate current power source. 30. The heating system of claim 27 wherein said power source is a photovoltaic power source. 31. The heating system of claim 26 wherein said power source is a direct current power source. 32. The heating system of claim 26 wherein said power source is an alternate current power source. 33. The heating system of claim 26 wherein said power source is a photovoltaic power source. 34. A method to apply a conductive concrete surface capable of melting ice and snow accumulation from the surface thereof, comprising: applying a layer of electrically conductive material on top of an existing layer; said electrically conductive material comprising a cementitious composite admixed metal fibers and metal particles; embedding a plurality of electrodes in said layer of electrically conductive material, each of said electrodes comprising parallel plate portions and an intermediate section, said parallel plate portions and said intermediate section forming a void therebetween through which said material may flow; and attaching to said electrodes means for providing electrical current to said electrodes. 35. The method of claim 34 wherein a thermal insulation layer is applied between said existing layer and said layer of electrically conductive material. 