This invention provides an alarm system and method for adjusting the wake-up signals. The system includes a means for tracking the behavior of a person in a predetermined area under surveillance after the activation of an alarm clock, and a means for determining whether the person is motionless for a predetermined time period. Upon recognition that the observed behavior indicates the person is still sleeping, the wake-up signals are gradually increased. At the same time, the electrical power supplied to a plurality of electronic devices may be increased to assist the person to wake up.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for adjusting alarm clock signals, the method comprising the steps of: (a) tracking the overall behavior of a person in a predetermined area under surveillance after the activation of an alarm clock; (b) determining whether the person is motionless within a first predetermined time period based on the results of said tracking; and (c) gradually increasing the alarm clock signals of said alarm clock if it is determined that the person is motionless. 2. The method as claimed in claim 1, wherein the method further comprises the steps of: determining whether the person is motionless within a second predetermined time period; and further increasing the alarm clock signals of said alarm clock if it is determined that the person is motionless within said second predetermined time period. 3. The method as claimed in claim 1, wherein said method further comprises the step of: gradually increasing the electrical power supplied to a plurality of electronic devices electrically coupled to said alarm clock according to predetermined criteria if the person is motionless. 4. The method as claimed in claim 1, wherein said method further comprises the step of: deactivating the alarm clock signals of said alarm clock if the person is not motionless. 5. The method as claimed in claim 1, wherein the behavior of the person is tracked with cameras. 6. The method as claimed in claim 1, wherein the behavior of the person is tracked with sensors. 7. A method for adjusting alarm clock signals, the method comprising the steps of: (a) tracking behavior of a person in a predetermined area under surveillance after the activation of an alarm clock; (b) determining whether the person is motionless within a first predetermined time period; and (c) if motionless, gradually increasing the alarm clock signals of said alarm clock, wherein said method further comprises the step of: gradually decreasing the alarm clock signals of said alarm clock if the person is not motionless. 8. A method for adjusting alarm clock signals, the method comprising the steps of: (a) tracking behavior of a person in a predetermined area under surveillance after the activation of an alarm clock; (b) determining whether the person is motionless within a first predetermined time period; and, (c) if motionless, gradually increasing the alarm clock signals of said alarm clock, wherein said method further comprises the step of: gradually decreasing the electrical power supplied to a plurality of electronic devices electrically coupled to said alarm clock according to predetermined criteria if the person is not motionless. 9. A method for adjusting the wake-up signals of an alarm clock to assist in awaking a person, the method comprising the steps of: (a) setting a wake-up time in said alarm clock to activate the wake-up signals when the set time matches a current time; (b) determining whether the person is motionless for a first predetermined time period after the activation of said alarm clock by tracking the person's overall behavior in a predetermined area under surveillance; (c) gradually increasing the wake-up signals of said alarm clock for a second predetermined time period if it is determined that the person is motionless for the first predetermined time period; (d) monitoring the overall behavior of the person for a third predetermined time period; and, (e) further increasing the wake-up signals of said alarm clock for a fourth predetermined time period if it is determined that the person is motionless for the third predetermined time period. 10. The method as claimed in claim 9, wherein said method further comprises the step of: gradually increasing the electrical power supplied to a plurality of electronic devices electrically coupled to said alarm clock according to predetermined criteria if the person is motionless. 11. The method claimed in claim 9, wherein said method further comprises the step of: deactivating said alarm clock if the person is not motionless. 12. The method claimed in claim 9, wherein the wake-up signals include a beeping sound, radio music, light or any combination thereof. 13. A method for adjusting the wake-up signals of an alarm clock to assist in awaking a person, the method comprising the steps of: (a) setting a wake-up time in said alarm clock to activate the wake-up signals when the set time matches a current time; (b) determining whether the person is motionless for a first predetermined time period after the activation of said alarm clock by tracking behavior in a predetermined area under surveillance; (c) if motionless, gradually increasing the wake-up signals of said alarm clock for a second predetermined time period; (d) monitoring behavior of the person for a third predetermined time period; and, (e) if motionless, further increasing the wake-up signals of said alarm clock for a fourth predetermined time period, wherein said method further comprises the step of: gradually decreasing the wake-up signals of said alarm clock if the person is not motionless. 14. A method for adjusting the wake-up signals of an alarm clock to assist in awaking a person, the method comprising the steps of: (a) setting a wake-up time in said alarm clock to activate the wake-up signals when the set time matches a current time; (b) determining whether the person is motionless for a first predetermined time period after the activation of said alarm clock by tracking behavior in a predetermined area under surveillance; (c) if motionless, gradually increasing the wake-up signals of said alarm clock for a second predetermined time period; (d) monitoring behavior of the person for a third predetermined time period; and, (e) if motionless, further increasing the wake-up signals of said alarm clock for a fourth predetermined time period, wherein said method further comprises the step of: gradually decreasing the electrical power supplied to a plurality of electronic devices electrically coupled to said alarm clock according to predetermined criteria if the person is not motionless. 15. An alarm clock system for adjusting wake-up signals, said alarm clock system comprising: detecting means for observing the overall behavior of a person in a predetermined area under surveillance; analyzing means for analyzing an output series of frame data from said detecting means to determine whether the person is motionless for a predetermined time period; a speaker coupled to said analyzing means for producing said wake-up signals; and, control means for generating a control signal to gradually increase or decrease said wake-up signals based on whether or not the person is motionless. 16. The alarm clock system as claimed in claim 15, wherein said alarm clock system further comprises: adjusting means for adjusting the electrical power supplied to a plurality of said devices electrically coupled to said control means. 17. The alarm clock system as claimed in claim 15, wherein said alarm clock system further comprises: means for setting an alarm time. 18. The alarm clock system as claimed in claim 15, wherein said alarm clock system further comprises: a solar power source, a battery power source, or an AC power source. 19. The alarm clock system as claimed in claim 15, wherein said observing means includes cameras. 20. The alarm clock system as claimed in claim 15, wherein said observing means includes sensors. 21. The alarm clock system as claimed in claim 15, wherein the wake-up signals includes a beeping sound, music, light or any combination of thereof. 