The invention describes a system and methods for filtering electromagnetic and visual transmissions and for minimizing acoustic transmissions. Various combinations of UV, IR, and yellow-tinted filters are applied in various physical configurations to a transparent substrate such as a plastic film or glazing of a window for modifying selected wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation. For instance a light filter may have a multi-layered metallic sputtered stack having a relatively low sheet resistance. The combination of filters prevents or attenuates the passage of selected wavelengths through the substrate as needed to address security risks. The combination of filters is useful to prevent unauthorized data collection and information exchange from or within buildings or otherwise prevent such unauthorized data collection and information exchange from, for example, computer monitors or screens, personal digital assistants, and local area networks.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A transmission filtering system comprising: a yellow film first filter; said first filter having a light transmission at wavelengths below 450 nm of less than 50%; and a second filter connected to said first filter, wherein said second filter is either: a light filter (a) comprising a heat reflecting film and a metallic layer, or a light filter (b) comprising a film having an IR transmission at wavelengths between 780 nm and 2500 nm of no more than 50%, or a light filter (c) comprising a multi-layered sputtered stack having a sheet resistance of less than 4 ohms per square whereby said filters are configured to attach to a substantially transparent subsurface, and whereby a combination of the filtering system and the subsurface causes a desired attenuation and filtering selected electromagnetic wavelengths, and whereby said dielectric of each dielectric layer has an index of refraction in the range of about 1.35 to 2.6. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein said combination of filter further comprises an IR absorbing filter. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein said electrically conductive metal layer of light filter (a) has at least the electrical conductivity of aluminum. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein said electrically conductive metal layer of light filter (a) is copper. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein said heat reflecting layer comprises a plurality of heat reflecting metal layers and a plurality of dielectric layers. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein said light filter (a) said two corrosion protection metal or metal alloy layers that sandwich the said electrically conductive metal layer to protect said electrically conductive metal layer from corrosion. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein said light filter (b) has a sheet resistance less than 4 ohms/square and comprises a film which exhibits a visible light transmittance of about 60-70% a visible reflectance of about 9%, a total solar transmittance of about 46% and a solar reflectance of about 22%. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein said electrically conductive metal layer of the light filter (c) is a metal oxide having an index of refraction in the range of about 1.7-2.6; and said IR reflecting metal of the light filter (c) is silver. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein the light filter (c) comprises an Ag/Ti or an Ag/Au sputtered stack on a transparent sheet, the sputtered stack having a sheet resistance less than 4 ohms/square. 10. The system of claim 9 wherein said Ag/Ti sputtered stack is made by sputter coating the following sequence of layers: 1) a layer of metal oxide, 2) a silver IR reflecting layer, 3) a protective sacrificial layer of titanium, 4) a layer of metal oxide, 5) a silver IR reflecting layer, 6) a protective sacrificial layer of titanium, 7) a metal oxide layer, 8) a silver IR reflecting layer, 9) a protective sacrificial layer of titanium, 10) a layer of metal oxide; and wherein said Ag/Au sputtered stack is made by sputter coating the following sequence of layers onto said substrate or onto a transparent plastic sheet: 1) a layer of metal oxide, 2) a silver IR reflecting layer, 3) a layer of gold, 4) a layer of metal oxide, 5) a silver IR reflecting layer, 6) a layer of gold, 7) a layer of metal oxide, 8) a silver IR reflecting layer, 9) a gold layer, and 10) a layer of metal oxide. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein said sequence of layers of said sputtered Ag/Ti stack is made by coating the following sequence of layers onto said transparent plastic sheet: 1) a layer of indium tin oxide about 30 nm thick, 2) a silver IR reflecting layer about 9 nm thick, 3) a protective sacrificial layer of titanium about 1 nm thick, 4) a layer of indium tin oxide about 70 nm thick, 5) a silver IR reflecting layer about 9 nm thick, 6) a protective sacrificial layer of titanium about 1 nm thick, 7) an indium tin oxide layer about 70 nm thick, 8) a silver IR reflecting layer about 9 nm thick, 9) a protective sacrificial layer of titanium about 1 nm thick, and 10) a layer of indium tin oxide about 30 nm thick; and wherein said sequence of layers of said sputtered Ag/Au comprises the following sequence of layers coated onto said transparent plastic sheet: 1) a layer of indium tin oxide about 30 nm thick, 2) a silver IR reflecting layer about 9 nm thick, 3) a layer of gold about 1 nm thick, 4) an ITO layer about 70 nm thick, 5) a silver IR reflecting layer about 9 nm thick, 6) a layer of gold about 1 nm thick, 7) an ITO layer about 70 nm thick, 8) a silver IR reflecting layer about 9 nm thick, 9) a gold layer about 1 nm thick, and 10) an ITO layer about 30 nm thick. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the combination further comprising a third light filter including one or more PET films with UV absorbers dyed therein in an amount to produce at least 2.4 optical density absorbance in each PET film. 13. The system of claim 1 wherein the combination furthers comprises a fourth filter having an IR transmission at wavelengths below 400 nm of less than 10%. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the third filter has the wavelength transmission properties of FIG. 2. 15. The system of claim 13, wherein the fourth filter exhibits a percent light transmission at 320 nm and 380 nm that is less than 1% of the transmission at 550 nm, and a percent light transmission at 400 nm that is less than 50% of the transmission at 550 nm. 16. The system according to claim 1 further comprising a flexible transparent plastic sheet configured for attachment to a glazing of a window. 17. The system of claim 16, further comprising a glazing of a window. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the system includes a single sheet configured to cover the glazing; and the system further includes an opaque electrically conductive sealant applied so as to cover any exposed portions of the glazing not covered by the sheet. 19. The system of claim 16, wherein the system is configured for attachment to at least one of a screen, monitor, and other stand-alone devices. 20. The system of claim 1, the system being configured to form a containment system. 21. The system of claim 20 wherein an adhesive layer connects the plastic sheet to a glazing. 22. The system of claim 21 wherein visible air bubbles are substantially excluded between the plastic sheet and the glazing. 23. The system of claim 1, wherein the combination of filters minimizes flying glass fragments. 24. The system of claim 1 wherein the combination of filters are in the form of layers connected to a plastic sheet. 25. The system of claim 24 wherein an adhesive layer connects the plastic sheet to a glazing. 26. The system of claim 1 further comprising a color correcting layer. 27. A method for adapting a transparent substrate to prevent or attenuate the passage therethrough of selected electromagnetic wavelengths as needed for security, said method comprising the step of applying a visually transparent electromagnetic filter apparatus onto said substrate, said transparent electromagnetic filter apparatus comprising a first yellow film inhibiting selected light transmissions; and a second film connected to said first film, wherein said second film is either: a light filter (a) comprising a heat reflecting layer and an electrically conductive metal layer, or a light filter (b) having an IR transmission at wavelengths between 780 nm and 2500 nm of no more than 50%, or a light filter (c) which has a sheet resistance of less than 4 ohms per square and comprises a sequence of layers: a dielectric layer/IR reflecting metal layer/dielectric layer or IR reflecting metal layer/dielectric layer/IR reflecting metal layer. 