Apparatus for measuring a plurality of forces acting on a conveyor chain of a conveyor line includes a pre-selected chain link coupled to the conveyor chain, and a sensor array having a plurality of strain gauges disposed on the pre-selected chain link, each of the plurality of strain gauges being distinctly oriented to measure the plurality of forces acting on the pre-selected link.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for measuring a plurality of forces acting on a conveyor chain of a conveyor line comprising: a pre-selected chain link coupled to the conveyor chain; a sensor array having a plurality of strain gauges mounted on the pre-selected chain link, the plurality of strain gauges being distinctly oriented to measure each of the plurality of forces acting on the pre-selected link, wherein the plurality of strain gauges includes at least one gauge for measuring bending force. 2. The apparatus of 1, further comprising: a transmission device coupled to the sensor array operative to receive readings of each of the plurality of forces acting on the pre-selected link from the sensor array; and an external device having a processor operative to receive the readings from the transmission device and to determine a value representative of a current condition of the conveyor chain. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the transmission device comprises at least one transmitter for receiving the readings from the sensor array and sending the readings to the external device. 4. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising a power source coupled to the sensor array and the transmission device, the power source operative to supply power to the sensor array and the transmission device. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the power source comprises a solar cell. 6. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the external device is operative to select a predetermined one of a plurality of stored condition values based on an amount of force a typical chain can withstand and to compare the value representative of a current condition to the selected predetermined condition value. 7. The apparatus of 1, wherein the plurality of strain gauges includes at least one gauge for measuring tension force. 8. The apparatus of 1, wherein the plurality of strain gauges includes at least one gauge for measuring twisting force. 9. An apparatus for measuring a plurality of forces acting on a conveyor chain of a conveyor line comprising: a pre-selected chain link coupled to the conveyor chain; a sensor array having a plurality of strain gauges mounted on the pre-selected chain link, each of the plurality of strain gauges being distinctly oriented to measure each of the plurality of forces acting on the pre-selected link, wherein the plurality of strain gauges includes at least one gauge for measuring twisting force. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the plurality of strain gauges includes at least one gauge for measuring bending force. 11. A method of monitoring a conveyor chain comprising: disposing a sensor array having a plurality of strain gauges on a pre-selected link of the conveyor chain; and orienting each of the plurality of strain gauges to measure one of a plurality of force components, wherein the plurality of force components includes tension and at least one of bending and twisting. 12. The method of 11, further comprising: employing a transmission device to receive readings from the sensor array; sending the readings from the transmission device to an external device; processing the readings measured by the sensor array; and determining a value representative of the current condition of the conveyor chain. 13. The method of claim 12, further comprising employing a power source for supplying power to the sensor array and the transmission device. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the power source is a solar cell battery adapted to continuously be changed by a plurality of light sources. 