This invention represents an improvement to an equatorial sundial comprising an independent simultaneous single scale indication of both time and date as represented from a primary and secondary gnomon. This allows one unfamiliar with the physics of an equatorial sundial to with simple observation quickly assess both time and date as a singular measurement. The sundial displays conventional time measurement on a single scale transcribed on the equatorial ring from a primary gnomon aligned with the polar axis. The improvement includes a date scale transcribed on the primary gnomon that is cast a shadow from the secondary gnomon comprised of the upper equatorial ring. Since the sun maintains an essentially equivalent angle of declination throughout the day, the shadow cast by the upper equatorial ring (secondary gnomon) on the primary gnomon (containing the date scale) remains consistent in position and date can be observed at any time of the solar day.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An equatorial ring sundial containing a single and independent time scale and a single and independent date scale, both of utility regardless of solar altitude (or time of day) comprised of: a primary polar gnomon with superimposed date scale for projecting a shadow on the time scale and receiving a projected shadow from a secondary gnomon to determine a date; wherein the date scale is superimposed on a linear section of the primary gnomon; an equatorial ring: the approximate top half serving as the secondary gnomon for projecting the shadow at a consistent position on the primary gnomon date scale regardless of solar altitude or time of day; the time scale represented on the approximate bottom half of the equatorial ring. 2. The embodiment of claim 1 where the primary gnomon has a date scale of the spring equinox months on one side and the fall equinox months on the other. 3. The embodiment of claim 2 where a pivotal axle mounted perpendicular to the equatorial plane between the equatorial ring and a mounting bracket allows adjustment to compensate for the longitudinal location and daylight savings time. 4. The embodiment of claim 3 where the mounting bracket includes an adjustable latitude angular adjustment. 