A direct current powered hose rewinding apparatus for use with an associated flexible hose includes a removable, replaceable, and rechargeable battery assembly for motorized rewinding of the hose. The reel is carried by and enclosed within an enclosure and is rotatable by either a direct current powered motor or a folding manual crank. Power from the electrical motor is transferred to the reel via an infinitely adjustable torque transfer assembly. The enclosure has left and right wall panels, front and rear wall panels extending between the left and right wall panels, and a cover. When the cover is in the open position, the direct current motor is operationally locked out, and when the cover is rotated into the closed position, the direct current motor is operable.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A direct current powered hose winding apparatus for use with an associated flexible hose comprising: a reel having a hub defining an axis of rotation and a pair of flanges at opposing ends of said hub and perpendicular to said axis of rotation; an enclosure having side wall panels, front and rear wall panels extending between said side wall panels, and a cover, said enclosure being constructed and arranged to receive said reel, said reel being rotatably mounted within said enclosure; a winding means constructed and arranged to provide infinite rotational movement of said reel in relation to said enclosure; and a direct current energized power assist means including; a direct current motor; an infinitely adjustable torque transfer assembly, said torque transfer assembly including; a drive pulley coupled to said direct current motor; a driven pulley coupled to said reel; a torque transfer belt extending loosely between and around said drive pulley and said driven pulley; an idler pulley for selectively engaging said torque transfer belt for selectively tensioning said torque transfer belt thereby enabling said direct current motor to rotate said reel; and a control assembly, said control assembly constructed and arranged to control power supplied to said direct current motor; wherein said infinitely adjustable torque transfer assembly is configured to selectively and variably engage said direct current motor to said reel; whereby variable torque and rotational speed or free rotation of said reel is provided. 2. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 1 wherein said control assembly further includes a direct current power source. 3. The hose winding apparatus of claim 2 wherein said direct current power source is a battery assembly, constructed and arranged for electrically polarized and mechanical engagement with said control assembly. 4. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 3, wherein said battery assembly includes: a battery for supplying direct current to said control assembly and said direct current motor; and a battery clip constructed and arranged for removable attachment to said battery; whereby said battery clip conducts power from said battery to said control assembly and said direct current motor. 5. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 4 wherein said battery clip includes a recharging jack; whereby said battery is rechargeable via electrical communication with recharging means and said battery assembly is removable from said enclosure and replaceable within said enclosure. 6. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 5 wherein said recharging means utilizes solar energy. 7. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 5 wherein said recharging means utilizes household current. 8. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 1 wherein said direct current motor further includes a gear-train, said direct current motor gear-train increasing rotational torque of said direct current motor and reducing rotational output speed of said direct current motor; wherein said motor gear-train is coupled between said direct current motor and said infinitely adjustable torque transfer assembly. 9. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 2, wherein said control assembly further comprises a main power switch for electrically connecting and disconnecting said direct current motor to and from said power source. 10. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 9, wherein said control assembly further comprises at least one safety interlock for disabling said main power switch and preventing electrical connection between said direct current motor and said power source. 11. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein said infinitely adjustable torque transfer assembly includes a second assembly coupled to said enclosure for rotatably supporting said idler pulley between a first position spaced apart from said torque transfer belt to allow said torque transfer belt to ride freely over said drive pulley and said driven pulley to allow said hose to be freely pulled from said reel, and a second position in engagement with said torque transfer belt to put variable tension on said torque transfer belt; wherein said direct current motor rotates said reel to rewind said hose. 12. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 11, wherein the second assembly includes a cantilever, said cantilever being rotatably mounted to said enclosure, said cantilever having a first end and a second end, said first end of said cantilever constructed and arranged to rotatably support said idler pulley, said second end of said cantilever constructed and arranged to provide a foot pedal for foot operation, wherein said foot operation selectively forces said idler pulley between said first and said second positions. 13. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 12, wherein operation of said cantilever further operates said main power switch, wherein electrical connection is made between said direct current motor and said power source during operation of said foot pedal and power is disconnected between said direct current motor and said power source when said foot pedal is not operated. 14. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein said infinitely adjustable torque transfer assembly further includes at least one belt positioner tab, said at least one positioner tab retaining said torque transfer belt in a juxtaposed position in relation to said drive pulley and causing said torque transfer belt to billow around said driven pulley; wherein said hose may be freely pulled from said reel while said idler pulley is in a first position. 15. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein said infinitely adjustable torque transfer assembly further comprises a gear-train, said gear-train coupled between said driven pulley and said reel. 16. The hose rewinding apparatus in accordance with claim 15, wherein said gear-train comprises: a reel gear secured to said hub of said reel, said reel suitably journaled in said enclosure to allow rotational movement of said reel; a drive gear suitably attached to said driven pulley of said infinitely adjustable torque transfer assembly; and at least one idler gear rotationally secured within said enclosure and intermeshing with said drive gear and said reel gear; wherein said drive gear provides rotation of said at least one idler gear and said at least one idler gear provides rotation to said reel gear and said reel secured thereto. 17. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 1 wherein said torque transfer assembly includes: an idler pulley assembly, said idler pulley assembly constructed and arranged to allow operator controlled tensioning of said torque transfer belt; and at least one positioner tab for holding said torque transfer belt in juxtaposed relationship to said drive pulley; wherein when said hose winding device is in a pay-out mode, said at least one belt positioner tab retains said torque transfer belt in juxtaposed relationship to said drive pulley while causing said torque transfer belt to billow around said driven pulley, thereby allowing said hose to be manually pulled from said reel without causing said direct current motor to rotate in reverse. 18. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 17 wherein said idler pulley assembly includes a foot operated cantilever, said cantilever having a first end and a second end, said idler pulley rotatably mounted to said first end of said cantilever, said second end of said cantilever including a foot pedal; wherein operator controlled tensioning of said torque transfer belt is accomplished and torque from said drive pulley is controllably transferred to said driven pulley thereby providing rotational motion to said reel. 19. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein said enclosure comprises: an enclosure having left and right side wall panels, front and rear wall panels, extending between the left and right side wall panels, and a cover, the enclosure being configured for receiving said reel so as to rotate within said enclosure and for storing a length of flexible hose on said reel within said enclosure; a pair of hinges for mounting said cover to said enclosure for movement between a closed position and an open position, each hinge including a pocket formed in a respective side wall panel and a pin associated and cooperative with each said pocket, each said pocket configured to permit rotational movement of said pins for upward rotational movement of said cover. 20. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 19 wherein said enclosure includes an opening therein configured for take-up and pay-out of said flexible hose when said cover is in the closed position. 21. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 19 wherein said front wall panel includes a cut-out portion at about a top edge thereof adjacent a junction with said cover when said cover is in the closed position, said cut-out configured for traversing a portion of said flexible hose therethrough to take-up and pay-out said hose with said cover in the closed position. 22. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 19 wherein said left and right side panels each include a pair of contoured support posts extending along the front and back ends thereof and integral with said panels, said support posts having elongated channels formed therein, and wherein said front and rear panels include elongated fittings extending from ends thereof and integral therewith, the fittings being adapted to insert into the support post elongated channels for securing to the left and right panels. 23. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 19 wherein said left and right side panels each include at least one rubber pad fixedly secured to a bottom surface of each of said left and right side panels for engaging a surface to resist skidding of said hose winding device during operation. 24. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 19, wherein said cover includes a depending lip and wherein said pins extend from said depending lip. 25. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 24, wherein said pins are formed as fluted cylindrical elements extending from said depending lip, axially aligned with one another. 26. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 24, wherein said cover further includes a releasable latch means for releasably holding said cover in a closed position. 27. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 26, wherein said releasable latch means includes at least one catch, said at least one catch extending outwardly from said depending lip and cooperating with at least one detent, said at least one detent constructed and arranged to cooperate with said catch and incorporated into said side panels; wherein said cover is opened by lifting the front portion of said cover upwardly, urging said catches past said detents. 28. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 19, wherein said cover further includes at least one safety interlock for disabling said rotational means; wherein motorized rewinding of said hose is locked out when said cover is in an open position, and motorized rewinding of said hose is operable when said cover is in the closed position. 29. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 28, wherein said safety interlock includes a switching means, said switching means constructed and arranged to cooperate with said cover of said enclosure. 30. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 29, wherein said switching means includes at least one electrical switch, said electrical switch operable by said cover to disconnect said power source from said direct current motor when said cover is in the open position. 31. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 19, wherein said front panel of said enclosure further includes an elongated cut-out portion at about a bottom edge thereof extending upwardly, said cut-out configured for accommodating a drawer, said drawer configured to open in a pivotal fashion. 32. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 19, wherein said right side wall panel of said enclosure further includes a foot pedal housing, said foot pedal housing constructed and arranged to prevent inadvertent operation of said foot pedal. 33. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 32, wherein said foot pedal housing is recessed inwardly into said side wall panel. 34. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 19, wherein said right side wall panel of said enclosure further includes at least one solar cell for recharging said direct current energized power assist means. 35. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 19, wherein said rear wall panel further includes at least one recessed anchoring aperture, said at least one recessed anchoring aperture configured and arranged to anchor said enclosure to a surface or a suitable structure; whereby unwanted movement of said enclosure is prevented. 36. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 35, wherein said rear wall panel contains two said recessed anchoring apertures. 37. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 19, wherein said enclosure further includes a bottom panel, said bottom panel having a first side and a second side, said bottom panel extending substantially between said left, right, front, and rear wall panels. 38. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 37, wherein said bottom panel is reversible, said first side having a surface constructed for enhanced frictional engagement and said second side having a relatively smooth surface. 39. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein said hose winding apparatus further includes a manual override means, said manual override means constructed and arranged to provide manual rotation of said reel when said infinitely adjustable torque transfer assembly is decoupled from said reel. 40. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 39, wherein said manual override means includes a crank releasably insertable through one of said enclosure side wall panels providing a direct coupling to said reel allowing rotation thereof, said reel including a handle connected to said crank, said handle having a releasable lock, said releasable lock securing said handle in a parallel position with said crank and securing said handle in a perpendicular position to said crank, said handle movable between said positions when said lock is released. 41. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 40, wherein said crank has a resilient locking tab carrying a pawl and said handle has locking detents cooperating with said pawl to lock said handle in said parallel position and said perpendicular position. 42. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 41, wherein said locking tab is connected to said crank by a living hinge. 43. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein said hose winding apparatus further includes a hose winding guide comprising: a double helix lead screw, said double helix lead screw substantially parallel to and spaced apart from said reel axis of rotation and suitably supported and journaled in said left and said right side wall panels; a guide rod substantially parallel to said reel axis of rotation, suitably supported by said left and said right side wall panels; a carriage, said carriage constructed and arranged to cooperate with said double helix lead screw and said guide rod; and a hose guide gear-train, said gear train constructed and arranged to transfer rotary motion from said reel to said double helix lead-screw; wherein said carriage reciprocates back and forth across said lead screw and said guide rod when said reel is rotated to uniformly and smoothly wrap said hose on said reel for a compact storage configuration. 44. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 43, wherein said carriage includes a follower assembly, said follower assembly constructed and arranged to cooperatively engage said lead-screw. 45. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 44, wherein said follower assembly is manually disengageable from said lead-screw and manually re-engageable to said lead-screw; wherein said hose can be manually pulled from said reel without reciprocation of said hose winding guide and said hose winding guide is repositionable and re-engageable to said lead-screw. 46. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 45, wherein said follower assembly is constructed and arranged for automatic disengagement; wherein said follower assembly disengages said lead-screw thereby preventing said carriage from traversing said lead-screw in the event said carriage path becomes obstructed. 47. The hose winding apparatus in accordance with claim 43, wherein said hose guide gear-train includes: a reel gear, said reel gear secured to said hub of said reel, said reel suitably journaled in said enclosure to allow rotational movement of said reel; a driven gear, said driven gear suitably attached to said lead-screw of said hose winding guide assembly; at least one idler gear, said at least one idler gear rotationally secured within said enclosure and intermeshing with said drive gear and said reel gear; wherein said reel gear provides rotation of said at least one idler gear and said at least one idler gear provides rotation of said driven gear and said lead-screw secured thereto. 