An instantaneous remote mail viewing system comprising an instantaneous analog video transmission device mounted inside a mailbox, an analog video receiver that receives and transmits a video image to a video monitor or television and a remote transmitter that activates the analog video transmission device only while the remote transmitter is activated. The analog video transmission device is normally in a low power, standby mode that has a minimal power drain. The unit is transmitting only when activated by the user and reverts to the normal low power, standby mode when the user releases the activation switch.
Claims I claim: 1. An instantaneous remote mail viewing system for a mailbox comprising; (a) an instantaneous analog image transmitter with a low power, standby mode, (b) an instantaneous analog image receiver capable of receiving a transmitted RF signal from said instantaneous analog image transmitter, and then converting the RF signal into a format usable by video monitor and transmitting the converted signal to said video monitor in such a manner as to display an image, (c) a radio frequency transmitter capable of sending a "power on" command to said instantaneous analog image transmitter whereby the image transmitter is turned on and an image of an interior of a mailbox may be viewed instantaneously on said video monitor. 2. The instantaneous remote mail viewing system of claim 1 where said instantaneous analog image transmitter comprises an analog video camera and radio frequency transmitter and a radio frequency receiver wherein the radio frequency receiver waits in a low power standby mode for a RF signal prior to applying power to said analog video camera and RF transmitter. 3. The instantaneous remote mail viewing system of claim 2 where said analog video camera comprises a CMOS analog video camera. 4. The instantaneous remote mail viewing system of claim 1 where said video monitor is a television set. 5. The instantaneous remote mail viewing system of claim 1 where said instantaneous analog image receiving device and said radio frequency transmitter device capable of sending an on command to said instantaneous analog image transmission device is combined in one unit. 6. An instantaneous remote mail viewing system for a mailbox comprising; (a) an instantaneous analog image transmission device with a low power, standby mode, (b) an instantaneous analog image receiving device capable of sending a video image to a video monitor that is combined with a radio frequency transmitter capable of sending a "power on" command to said instantaneous analog image transmission device whereby an image of an interior of a mailbox may be viewed instantaneously on a video monitor. 7. An instantaneous remote mail viewing system for a mailbox comprising; (a) an analog video camera and radio frequency transmitter, (b) an electrical power source, (c) an electrical light source, (d) a remote radio frequency receiver/controller with a built in low power standby mode, (e) a radio frequency receiver for receiving an analog image by radio frequency transmission from said video camera and radio frequency transmitter, said receiver capable of sending a signal to a video monitor, (f) a hand held radio frequency transmitter with a power switch capable of transmitting a "power on" command to said remote radio frequency receiver/controller. 8. The instantaneous remote mail viewing system of claim 7 where said analog video camera is a CMOS camera. 9. The instantaneous remote mail viewing system of claim 7 where said electrical power source is a battery pack. 10. The instantaneous remote mail viewing system of claim 7 where said electrical power source is a battery pack in combination with a solar cell. 11. The instantaneous remote mail viewing system of claim 7 where said electrical light source is selected from the series comprising incandescent lights, quartz halogen lights, light emitting diodes or fluorescent lights. 12. The instantaneous remote mail viewing system of claim 7 where said radio frequency receiver for receiving an analog image by radio frequency transmission from said video camera/radio frequency transmitter and said radio frequency transmitter with a power switch capable of transmitting an -on- command are combined in one unit. 