A solar-battery array comprising a plurality of solar batteries, which is characterized by satisfying the relationship of V.sub.2 <0 and V.sub.1 +V.sub.2 >0, where V.sub.1 is the voltage to ground of the positive-pole terminal at the time of maximum output of the solar-battery array, and V.sub.2 is the voltage to ground of the negative-pole terminal at the time of maximum output of the same and a photovoltaic power generation system having such an array are disclosed, whereby the effects of an electric shock on the human body can lessen even when you touch any electric circuit of the solar-battery arrays.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar-battery array comprising a plurality of solar batteries, which solar-battery array satisfies the relationship of V.sub.2 <0 and V.sub.1 +V.sub.2 >0, where V.sub.1 is the voltage to ground of the positive-pole terminal at the time of maximum output of the solar-battery array, and V.sub.2 is the voltage to ground of the negative-pole terminal at the time of maximum output of the solar-battery array, wherein a solar battery of said plurality of solar batteries has an electric circuit covered with a resin, a glass plate, or a steel sheet such that the electric circuit is not exposed to the outside. 2. The solar-battery array according to claim 1, which satisfies the relationship of V.sub.1 +2V.sub.2 =0. 3. The solar-battery array according to claim 1, wherein a point at which the voltage to ground is 0 is present on an electric circuit which is not inside a solar battery, and the absolute value of V.sub.1 +2V.sub.2 is not more than the absolute value of V.sub.1 +2V.sub.2 found when the voltage to ground of any other point on an electric circuit which is not inside a solar battery is 0. 4. The solar-battery array according to claim 1, wherein the potential difference between positive pole and negative pole at the time of maximum output of an individual solar battery which constitutes the solar-battery array is V.sub.3 and satisfies the relationship of V.sub.1 +2V.sub.2 -2V.sub.3.ltoreq.0.ltoreq.V.sub.1 +2V.sub.2 +V.sub.3. 5. The solar-battery array according to claim 1, wherein, among individual solar batteries which constitute the solar-cell array, the potential difference between positive pole and negative pole at the time of maximum output of solar batteries having a point at which the potential at the time of maximum output comes to (V.sub.1 2V.sub.2)/3 is V.sub.3, and satisfies the relationship of V.sub.1 +2V.sub.2 -2V.sub.3.ltoreq.0.ltoreq.V.sub.1 +2V.sub.2 +V.sub.3. 6. The solar-battery array according to claim 1, which is grounded at a point at which the voltage to ground is 0. 7. The solar-battery array according to claim 6, wherein there are a plurality of points at which the voltage to ground is 0, and wherein the solar-battery array is grounded at only one point thereof. 8. The solar-battery array according to claim 1, which has at least a part where a plurality of solar-battery strings comprising a plurality of solar batteries connected in series are connected in parallel. 9. The solar-battery array according to claim 8, wherein the plurality of solar-battery strings respectively have points on an electric circuit at which points the strings are connected to the ground via switches, and only one of the switches is kept closed. 10. The solar-battery array according to claim 9, which further comprises voltmeters which measure the voltages to ground of the positive terminal and negative terminal of the solar-battery array, and a switch control unit which controls the opening or closing of the switches in accordance with the values the voltmeters have measured. 11. A photovoltaic power generation system comprising a solar-battery array comprising a plurality of solar batteries, and a load connected to the positive-pole terminal and negative-pole terminal of the solar-battery array, wherein the solar-battery array satisfies the relationship of V.sub.2 <0 and V.sub.1 +V.sub.2 >0, where V.sub.1 is the voltage to ground of the positive-pole terminal at the time of maximum output of the solar-battery array, and V.sub.2 is the voltage to ground of the negative-pole terminal at the time of maximum output of the solar-battery array, and wherein a solar battery of said plurality of solar batteries has an electric circuit covered with a resin, a glass plate, or a steel sheet such that the electric circuit is not exposed to the outside. 12. A photovoltaic power generation system comprising a solar-battery array comprising a plurality of solar batteries, and an inverter which is connected to the positive-pole terminal and negative-pole terminal of the solar-battery array and changes direct-current output of the solar-battery array to alternating-current output, wherein the solar-battery array satisfies the relationship of V.sub.2 <0 and V.sub.1 +V.sub.2 >0, where V.sub.1 is the voltage to ground of the positive-pole terminal at the time of maximum output of the solar-battery array, and V.sub.2 is the voltage to ground of the negative-pole terminal at the time of maximum output of the solar-battery array, and wherein a solar battery of said plurality of solar batteries has an electric circuit covered with a resin, a glass plate, or a steel sheet such that the electric circuit is not exposed to the outside. 13. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 12, which further comprises a transformer provided on the inside or outside of the inverter. 14. A photovoltaic power generation system comprising a solar-battery array comprising a plurality of solar batteries, and an inverter which is connected to the solar-battery array and changes direct-current output of the solar-battery array to alternating-current output, wherein the solar-battery array has a point at which the voltage to ground at the time of maximum output of the solar-battery array is 0 V. the point being located between the negative-pole terminal of the solar-battery array and the electrical middle point of the solar-battery array at the time of its maximum output, and wherein a solar battery of said plurality of solar batteries has an electric circuit covered with a resin, a glass plate, or a steel sheet such that the electric circuit is not exposed to the outside. 15. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 14, wherein the solar-battery array is grounded at a point at which the voltage to ground is 0. 16. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 14, wherein one of direct-current-side terminals of the inverter has a constant voltage to ground. 