An inflatable, multifunction, multipurpose, parabolic reflector apparatus 10 having a plurality of manufactured parabolic mirrors 14, 16 made from a pressure-deformable reflective covering of an inflatable ring 12 for focusing electromagnetic energy from radio frequency radiation (RF) through the ultraviolet radiation (UV) and solar energy for (1) heating and cooking, for (2) electrical power generation, for (3) enhancing the transmission and reception of radio signals, for (4) enhancing vision in low-light environments, and for (5) projection of optical signals or images. The device also has non-electromagnetic uses, such as the collection of water. A first main embodiment utilizes two reflective membranes. A second main embodiment utilizes a reflective membrane and a transparent membrane. Portability is enhanced by complete collapsing of the inflatable device.
Claims We claim: 1. A portable, multi-function apparatus for use principally as a portable solar cooking, heating, and/or energizing apparatus and/or field-deployable multi-function tool, said multi-function apparatus comprising: a support ring, said support ring comprising at least one substantially tubular and inflatable ring, said support ring defining a vacant center; at least one inflation means for inflating said support ring; at least two pressure-deformable or pressure-deployable membranes extending across the center of said support ring, said membranes defining at least one substantially predetermined portion of at least one inflatable reflector chamber, at least one of said membranes having at least one means for reflecting radiant electromagnetic energy; and at least one pressure adjusting or inflation means for adjusting the pressure within said reflector chamber, wherein said multi-function apparatus is selectably deployable by a user or operator of said apparatus to perform at least one user-selectable function. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said support ring and said membranes are substantially made from at least one thin and flexible sheet or gore of at least one type or class of substantially polymeric material, whereby said apparatus is substantially collapsible and/or compactly foldable to facilitate portage and storage. 3. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein at least one of said inflation means is at least one valve comprising at least one flexible conduit closed by at least one closure means selected from the group consisting of: a plug; a tongue-and-groove sealing mechanism; a self-sealing membrane; a clamp; and a tie. 4. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising at least one accessory device attached to said apparatus, said accessory device being selected from the group consisting of: a handle; an apertured tab; a tying or hanging strap; a storage pouch; and a stabilizing pouch. 5. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising at least one fastener device attached to said apparatus, said fastener device being selected from the group consisting of: a clevis; a clip; a bracket; a mounting stud; a socket; a line; and a hook-and-loop fastening patch. 6. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the plurality of pressure-deformable membranes are at least two reflective membranes including a primary reflective membrane and at least one redundant or auxiliary reflective membrane, at least two of said reflective membranes having at least one substantially predetermined functional characteristic, whereby said reflective membranes have at least one substantially identical and/or at least one dissimilar functional characteristic. 7. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising at least one access port having a removable or openable fluid-tight cover, whereby said access port allows materials and/or equipment to be added to and/or removed from said apparatus. 8. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein at least one of said pressure-deformable membranes has at least one outlet duct or port, whereby said outlet duct or port allows substantially fluidic materials to be transferred to, from, and/or through at least one said reflector chamber. 9. The apparatus according to claim 8, wherein said port has a conduit extending through said reflector chamber, whereby said port and said conduit allow substantially fluidic materials collecting on the top or upper surface of the apparatus to be drained through said conduit to an external location substantially below said reflector chamber. 10. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said support ring comprises at least two of said substantially tubular and inflatable rings, at least one of said tubular and inflatable rings being attached substantially to and above at least one other of said tubular and inflatable rings substantially above said pressure-deformable membranes, whereby the external volume capacity of the apparatus is increased and/or at least one inflatable element of an inflatable focal point support apparatus is provided. 11. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said support ring comprises at least two of said substantially tubular and inflatable rings, at least two of said tubular and inflatable rings being located substantially between at least two of said pressure-deformable membranes, whereby the internal volume capacity of the apparatus is increased. 12. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including at least one gutter attached to said support ring for capturing falling materials, whereby the effective capture area of the apparatus is increased. 13. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising at least one strip or band of stretched elastic material attached to at least one surface of at least one of said pressure-deformable membranes to cause wrinkling in a non-fully-deployed reflective membrane as a safety means. 14. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including at least one cover attached to at least one point of said apparatus as a safety means, said cover being rollable or foldable into a retracted position. 15. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising at least one alignment element for orienting said apparatus, said alignment element being selected from the group consisting of: a visual alignment element or guide; a magnetic compass; an inclinometer; and a level. 16. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including an inflatable, substantially spherical support for supporting and orienting said support ring, said spherical support comprising a predetermined portion of a substantially spherical surface. 17. The apparatus according to claim 16, further including a separate inflatable support ring for supporting said spherical support. 18. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including at least one inflatable tube for supporting and orienting said apparatus, said tube having at least one compartment with at least one inflation means for inflating said tube, said tube having at least one securing or fastening means for securing each proximal end of said tube to implement a stabile apparatus. 19. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including at least one user-adjustable accessory support apparatus attached to said support ring, said accessory support apparatus comprising at least one rigid element and at least one means for adjustably supporting at least one accessory element in proximity to the focal point. 20. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including at least one safety cage attached to said apparatus, said safety cage including a foldable framework of substantially rigid elements. 21. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including at least one multi-leg support attached to said apparatus for supporting at least one accessory element in proximity to the focal point, said multi-leg support comprising at least one substantially rigid element and at least one means for stabilizing said rigid element. 22. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said support ring and said pressure-deformable membranes collectively are formed from a substantially flat pattern of at least four sheets of material. 23. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein at least one predetermined portion of said support ring is fabricated from at least one predetermined portion or extension of at least one of said pressure-deformable membranes. 24. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said support ring is made in a substantially flat pattern from a predetermined portion of at least four sheets of material, whereby said flat pattern enables structural stability to be improved and/or weight to be reduced. 25. The apparatus according to claim 24, wherein the inner portion of said support ring is made from at least two sheets of material having a high-strain capability and the outer portion of said support ring is made from at least two sheets of material having a high elastic modulus. 26. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the at least two pressure-deformable membranes include at least one reflective membrane and at least one transparent membrane collectively defining at least one predetermined portion of at least one super-ambient pressurizable reflector chamber. 27. The apparatus according to claim 26, wherein said support ring is made of two pre-formed and joined substantially half-ring pieces, and wherein said support ring is joined to said reflective membrane and said transparent membrane substantially at the juncture of the joined half-ring pieces. 28. The apparatus according to claim 26, wherein substantially one half or side of said apparatus is substantially made from one transparent membrane and joined to an opposing side substantially made from one reflective membrane to form said reflector chamber and said support ring. 29. The apparatus according to claim 26, wherein at least one side of said apparatus is substantially made from one sheet of material. 30. The apparatus according to claim 26, wherein at least one said reflector chamber is attached at a predetermined distance or offset from the inner periphery of said support ring to enlarge the at least one offset reflector chamber. 31. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the plurality of pressure-deformable membranes and a predetermined portion of said support ring substantially define at least one said inflatable reflector chamber, wherein said support ring holds a predetermined portion of at least two of said pressure-deformable membranes in a spaced relationship, whereby at least one said inflatable reflector chamber is selectably pressurizable to ambient, sub-ambient, or super-ambient pressure. 32. The apparatus according to claim 31, wherein the plurality of pressure-deformable membranes are at least one reflective membrane and at least one transparent membrane, whereby said apparatus selectably provides a functional concave reflector surface during sub-ambient and super-ambient modes of deployment. 33. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein at least one of said pressure-deformable membranes substantially covers or encapsulates at least one side of said support ring. 34. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein at least one of said pressure-deformable membranes is pre-formed, whereby at least one said pressure-deformable membrane having at least one means for reflecting radiant electromagnetic energy provides a substantially fixed focal length as a safety means, and/or whereby the at least one pre-formed pressure-deformable membrane enables the loads imparted on the support ring to be reduced. 35. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein at least one said pressure-deformable membrane having at least one means for reflecting radiant electromagnetic energy is pre-formed to have a non-parabolic shape to limit the maximum degree of energy concentration, whereby safety is enhanced and/or heating is made more uniform. 36. The apparatus according to claim 35, wherein the non-parabolic, pre-formed, reflective membrane has a surface contour selected from the group consisting of: a spherical surface; an undulating or dimpled surface; and a surface comprising a series of conic sections. 37. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein at least one of said pressure-deformable membranes is planar and reflective, whereby a variable focal length is provided. 38. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein at least one of said pressure-deformable membranes has a predetermined degree of at least one optical characteristic selected from the group consisting of color, texture, reflectivity, transparency, and opacity, whereby the membrane selectively filters, absorbs, reflects, transmits, and/or diffuses impinging radiation. 39. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein a predetermined portion of the external surface of the apparatus has a high-emissivity surface, whereby the absorption and/or emission of radiant electromagnetic energy is enhanced. 40. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said means for reflecting radiant electromagnetic energy comprises at least one reflective element selected from the group consisting of: a thin metallic layer; a plurality of reflective particles; a conductive wire; and a conductive mesh. 41. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein at least one of said pressure-deformable membranes is reflective and has an off-axis focal point. 42. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said pressure-deformable membranes are at least three pressure-deformable membranes, at least one of said pressure-deformable membranes being disposed between at least two surrounding pressure-deformable membranes, wherein a plurality of reflector chambers is provided. 43. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein at least one of said pressure-deformable membranes is pre-formed to a predetermined extent, wherein at least one asymmetrical reflector chamber is provided. 44. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the apparatus has at least two of said reflector chambers, at least one of said reflector chambers being nested inside at least one other of said reflector chambers, each of said reflector chambers having at least one said pressure adjusting or inflation means. 45. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said support ring has a non-circular planform having an outer peripheral shape incorporating at least one substantially or effectively linear edge or segment, whereby the substantially or effectively linear edge enhances the stability of a free-standing apparatus. 46. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising at least one tapered inflatable ring for orienting and leveling said apparatus, said at least one tapered ring having at least one inflation means. 47. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising at least one inflatable focal-point support apparatus for supporting at least one accessory element in proximity to the focal point, said inflatable focal-point support apparatus comprising: at least one inflatable support element attached to and above said support ring; and at least one inflation means for inflating said inflatable support element, whereby said inflatable focal-point support apparatus enables at least one item or accessory element to be supported in proximity to the focal point on an element substantially spanning said inflatable focal-point support apparatus. 48. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising at least one anaerobic airlock or pressure relief valve disposed in the upper pressure-deformable membrane, whereby said anaerobic airlock enables said apparatus to function as a portable fermentor apparatus. 49. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising: at least one accessory element including at least one accessory element or accoutrement for holding or containing materials to be processed utilizing concentrated electromagnetic radiation; and at least one means for supporting the at least one accessory element in proximity to the focal point, whereby a portable heating, cooking, and/or processing apparatus is provided. 50. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising at least one accessory element including at least one electrical power generating element, and at least one means for supporting the at least one accessory element in proximity to the focal point, said electrical power generating element being selected from the group consisting of: a photovoltaic cell; a thermoelectric cell; and a steam or gas generator for energizing a turbo-electric generator, whereby a portable electrical power generating apparatus is provided. 51. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising: at least one accessory element including at least one electromagnetic radiation antenna device; and at least one means for supporting the at least one accessory element in proximity to the focal point, whereby a portable high-gain antenna is provided. 52. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising: at least one accessory element including at least one non-collimated electromagnetic or light source; and at least one means for supporting the at least one accessory element in proximity to the focal point, whereby a portable electromagnetic beaming, signaling, and/or illumination apparatus is provided. 53. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising: at least one accessory element including at least one waveguide intake device attached to a waveguide or electromagnetic conduit; and at least one means for supporting the at least one accessory element in proximity to the focal point, whereby a portable waveguide illumination apparatus is provided. 54. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising: at least one accessory element including at least one microphone; and at least one means for supporting the at least one accessory element in proximity to the focal point, whereby a portable high-gain directional acoustic device is provided. 55. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising at least one fluid handling accessory element selected from the group consisting of: a pump; a fan; a pipe; a tube; a conduit; a filter; a funnel; a valve; a anaerobic airlock; and a pressure-relief valve. 56. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising at least one process control element selected from the group consisting of: a timer; a thermostat; a controller; a pressure gauge; a flow meter; a movable louver; and an adjustable iris. 57. Apparatus according to claim 1, further including at least one affixed photovoltaic cell to energize at least one electrically powered accessory element. 58. A portable, multi-function, apparatus selectably for use as a radiant electromagnetic energy focusing apparatus, a non-focusing electromagnetic energy manipulating apparatus, and/or a non-electromagnetically functioning or operating apparatus, said multifunction apparatus comprising: a support ring, said support ring comprising at least one substantially tubular and inflatable ring, said support ring defining a vacant center; at least one inflation means for inflating said support ring; at least two pressure-deformable membranes extending across the center of said support ring, said membranes defining at least one substantially predetermined portion of at least one inflatable reflector chamber, at least one of said membranes having at least one means for reflecting radiant electromagnetic energy; at least one pressure adjusting or inflation means for adjusting the pressure within said reflector chamber; and at least one means for performing at least one function not involving concentrating, focusing, and/or beaming radiant electromagnetic energy, said means selected from the group consisting of: a means for collecting fluid; a means for storing fluid; a means for distributing fluid; a means for processing fluid; a means for fermenting materials; a means for storing material; a means for providing waterborne flotation; a means for providing snowborne transportation; a means for providing a compliant support; a means for immobilizing a broken limb; a means for concentrating sound; a means for providing electrostatic insulation; a means for providing thermal insulation; and a means for providing electromagnetic insulation, wherein said multi-function apparatus is selectably deployable to perform at least one focused electromagnetic function, at least one non-focused electromagnetic function, and/or at least one non-electromagnetic function. 59. A method of establishing or providing at least one function or element of life-sustaining infrastructure within an at least partially infrastructure-deprived environment utilizing a portable, multi-function, field-deployable apparatus, wherein said apparatus is selectably deployable by a user or operator of said apparatus to perform at least one user-selectable function in said environment, said method comprising the steps of: providing a support ring, said support ring comprising at least one substantially tubular and inflatable ring, said support ring defining a vacant center; providing at least one inflation means for inflating said support ring; providing at least two pressure-deformable membranes extending across the center of said support ring, said membranes defining at least one substantially predetermined portion of at least one inflatable reflector chamber, at least one of said pressure-deformable membranes having at least one means for reflecting radiant electromagnetic energy; providing at least one pressure adjusting or inflation means for adjusting the pressure within said reflector chamber; and deploying said support ring and said pressure-deformable membranes in a manner effective for performing a selected function. 60. The method according to claim 59, wherein the deploying step comprises the following steps: inflating said support ring to support and tension the periphery of said pressure-deformable membranes; adjusting pressure within said reflector chamber to deform at least one said membrane having at least one means for reflecting radiant electromagnetic energy into a functional concave reflector; and positioning the reflective membrane in a manner effective for allowing transmission of radiant electromagnetic energy between a source and target, whereby said method enables an energy-absorbing object placed in proximity to a focal point of the apparatus to absorb concentrated radiant electromagnetic energy, and/or whereby said method enables an energy-emitting object placed in proximity to a focal point of the apparatus to project radiant electromagnetic energy. 61. The method according to claim 59, wherein the deploying step comprises the following steps: inflating said support ring to support and tension the periphery of said pressure deformable membranes; adjusting pressure within said reflector chamber to deform at least one said membrane into a substantially concave surface; and positioning said apparatus in a substantially horizontal orientation with the substantially concave surface facing upward, whereby said method enables said apparatus to capture and/or hold substantially fluidic materials, and/or whereby said method enables said apparatus to support persons and/or objects on land, snow, and/or water. 62. The method according to claim 59, wherein the deploying step comprises the following step: positioning said apparatus between an element and the surrounding environment to shield or insulate said element from said environment, whereby said method enables said apparatus to provide thermal, electrostatic, and/or electromagnetic insulation. 63. A portable, multi-function, apparatus principally for use as a field-deployable multifunction tool, said apparatus comprising: a support ring, said support ring comprising at least one substantially tubular and inflatable ring, said support ring defining a vacant center; at least one inflation means for inflating said support ring; at least two pressure-deformable membranes extending across the center of said support ring, said membranes defining at least one substantially predetermined portion of at least one inflatable central chamber; at least one pressure adjusting or inflation means for adjusting the pressure within said central chamber; at least one mean for collecting fluid; and at least one means for performing at least one supplemental function, said means selected from the group consisting of: a means for reflecting radiant electromagnetic energy; a means for concentrating sound; a means for internally storing fluid; a means for distributing fluid; a means for processing fluid; a means for fermenting materials; a means for internally storing material; wherein said multifunction apparatus is selectably deployable by the user or operator of said apparatus to perform at least one user-selectable function. 64. A portable field-deployable electromagnetic energy concentrating apparatus comprising: a support ring, said support ring comprising at least one substantially tubular and inflatable ring, said support ring defining a vacant center; at least one inflation means for inflating said support ring; at least two pressure-deformable membranes extending across the center of said support ring, said membranes defining at least one substantially predetermined portion of at least one inflatable reflector chamber, at least one of said pressure-deformable membranes having at least one means for reflecting radiant electromagnetic energy; and at least one pressure adjusting or inflation means for adjusting the pressure within said reflector chamber; wherein said apparatus is further characterized by having at least one safety means for reducing the risk of accidental or unintentional exposure to concentrated electromagnetic radiation. 65. The apparatus according to claim 64, wherein said safety means is selected from the group consisting of: a pre-formed reflector; a non-parabolic pre-formed reflector; a safety cover; a safety cage; and a strip or band of stretched elastic material for use as a reflector wrinkling mechanism. 66. A method of enhancing the safety of an apparatus having at least one pressure-deformable reflective membrane by using a pre-formed reflective membrane to provide a substantially fixed focal point at a substantially fixed focal length from the reflective membrane, said method comprising the steps of: providing at least one pre-formed, pressure-deformable, reflective membrane extending across the center of a support ring, said membrane defining a predetermined portion of at least one inflatable reflector chamber, said pressure-deformable membrane having at least one means for reflecting radiant electromagnetic energy; and providing at least one pressure adjusting or inflation means for adjusting the pressure within said reflector chamber, whereby said method substantially limits the apparatus to producing highly concentrated radiant electromagnetic energy only in proximity to the substantially fixed focal point of the apparatus. 67. The method according to claim 66, wherein the provided pre-formed reflective membrane is pre-formed to a non-parabolic shape to limit the maximum degree of energy concentration to further enhance safety. 