A wireless atmospheric site-to-site full-duplex (i.e., simultaneous transmit and receive) laser communication system, typically for wideband (high-speed) data, voice, and/or video transmission. The system includes at least one laser communication transceiver each having an electro-optical transmitter that includes a laser source for generating laser light to be transmitted site-to-site and at high speed, an electro-optical receiver that includes a baffle assembly for receiving light directly onto a detector, without an intermediate field stop and re-imaging relay optics to reject off-axis light sources. Wideband data are transmitted and received through the atmosphere by the electro-optical transmitter and the electro-optical receiver. The data to be transmitted through each laser communication transceiver is inputted through a fiber-optic receiver and outputted by a fiber-optic transmitter. Outgoing laser light is generated by the laser source after it is triggered by an inputted signal from the fiber-optic receiver.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A site-to-site atmospheric laser communication system for full duplex wideband data transmission, comprising a laser communication transceiver having: an electro-optical receiver for converting incoming laser light into first digital optical data; a fiber-optic transmitter for converting the first-digital electronic data into first digital optical data and transmitting the first digital optical data to a computer network; a fiber-optic receiver for receiving second digital optical data from a computer network and converting the digital optical data into second digital electronic data; a static electro-optical transmitter having static laser diode means for converting the second digital electronic data to outgoing laser light to be transmitted site-to-site and at a high speed; a window element having transparent resistive coating as means for controlling temperature of said window element by applying electrical current to said transparent resistive coating; a static baffle assembly for receiving the incoming laser light directly onto the electro-optical receiver, without an intermediate field stop and re-imaging relay optics to reject off-axis light sources; and thermoelectric cooler means for actively cooling said laser diode means, wherein the incoming laser light contains wideband digital optical data received through the atmosphere by said electro-optical receiver, and said outgoing laser light containing wideband digital optical data is generated by said diode-means after being triggered by at least one inputted signal from said fiber-optic transmitter. 2. A laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein said wideband data are transmitted in the range of 0.3-10 km. 3. A laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein said wideband data are transmitted in excess of 1.5 Mbps. 4. A laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein said laser diode means generates laser light to be transmitted in the range of 0.3-10 km. 5. A laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein said laser diode means generates laser light to be transmitted in excess of 1.5 Mbps. 6. The laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein said transparent resistive coating is formed from indium tin oxide. 7. The laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein said means for controlling the temperature of said window means comprises electrical conductors attached at the periphery of said window element and in electrical contact with said transparent resistive coating. 8. The laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein said temperature controlling means further comprises a heater controller for selectively applying electrical current in response to a sensed variance in temperature of said window element. 9. The laser communication system according to claim 8, wherein said heater controller comprises means for applying a proportional-integral-differential control algorithm in selectively applying electrical current. 10. The laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein said window element further comprises an exterior surface coated with a cold mirror coating which reflects solar radiation while transmitting the laser light of its respective laser transmission source. 11. The laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein said laser diode means generates laser light at a power level of at least 50 milliwatts. 12. The laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein said laser diode means comprises a 50 milliwatt GaAlAs diode-laser. 13. The laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein said electro-optical receiver comprises an avalanche photodiode (APD) for improving sensitivity. 14. The laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein said electro-optical receiver comprises a preamplifier. 15. The laser communication system according to claim 14, wherein said preamplifier is a GaAs FET transimpedance preamplifier. 16. The laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein said electro-optical receiver comprises a quantizer. 17. The laser communication system according to claim 14, wherein the signals outputted from said preamplifier is lowpass filtered and ac-coupled into a quantizer. 18. The laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein said electro-optical receiver comprises an input to a clock recovery and data re-timing device. 19. The laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein said electro-optical receiver comprises a differential inputs and outputs device for reducing common-mode noise and EMI emissions. 20. A laser communication system according to claim 1 further comprising: an auto-ranging system having a collimating lens in the optical axis of said electro-optical transmitter, and electronic translation means for moving said collimating lens longitudinally in said optical axis to adjust beam divergence, whereby beam divergence is adjusted electronically to achieve a desired range. 21. The laser communication system for data transmission according to claim 20, wherein said electronic translation means comprises a voice coil. 22. A laser communication system according to claim 1 further comprising: a sighting scope for aiding in positioning said laser communication transceiver; a closed-loop tracking system for tracking incoming laser energy, including a position-sensing detector associated with said sighting scope for generating a time-varying error signal; steering means for deviating the direction of said laser communication transceiver; control electronics for controlling said steering means in accordance with the time-varying position-sensing detector error signal, wherein-said tracking system is formed so as to maintain said laser communication transceiver in operation in the presence of unstable mounting or platform motion. 23. The laser communication system for data transmission according to claim 22, wherein said position-sensing detector comprises a quadrant detector. 24. The laser communication system for data transmission according to claim 22, wherein said position-sensing detector comprises a CCD detector. 25. A site-to-site atmospheric laser communication system for full duplex wideband data transmission, comprising a first and a second laser communication transceivers each having: an electro-optical receiver for converting incoming laser light into first digital optical data; a fiber-optic transmitter for converting the first digital electronic data into first digital optical data and transmitting the first digital optical data to a computer network; a fiber-optic receiver for receiving second digital optical data from a computer network and converting the digital optical data into second digital electronic data; a static electro-optical transmitter having static laser diode means for converting the second digital electronic data to outgoing laser light to be transmitted site-to-site and at a high speed; a window element having transparent resistive coating as means for controlling temperature of said window element by applying electrical current to said transparent resistive coating; and a static baffle assembly for receiving the incoming laser light directly onto the electro-optical receiver, without an intermediate field stop and re-imaging relay optics to reject off-axis light sources; wherein the incoming laser light contains wideband digital optical data received through the atmosphere by said-electro-optical receiver, and said outgoing laser light containing wideband digital optical data is generated by said diode means after being triggered by at least one inputted signal from said fiber-optic transmitter; and said baffle assembly has a longitudinal axis, and said electro-optical receiver has an entrance aperture, an exit aperture, an optical axis, and a field of view, said longitudinal axis of said baffle assembly and said optical axis of said electro-optical receiver are coincident. 26. A laser communication system according to claim 25, wherein said baffle assembly is operatively positioned to be in optical communication with said second transceiver, said baffle assembly includes a plurality of hollow cylinders each having a longitudinal axis, a predetermined length, and a predetermined inner diameter, wherein the longitudinal axis of each said hollow cylinder is parallel to an optical axis of the second transceiver, said hollow cylinders being formed in an array, wherein a first end of said array has a predetermined geometrical cross section defining the entrance aperture of the assembly, a second end of said array has a predetermined geometrical cross section defining the exit aperture of the assembly, said assembly entrance and exit apertures being centered on, and disposed perpendicular to, said second transceiver optical axis, and with said assembly apertures sized to accommodate said field of view of the electro-optical receiver of said second transceiver, wherein the assembly apertures of said hollow cylinders are formed to substantially reduce off-axis radiation with respect to the electro-optical receiver of said second transceiver. 27. A laser communication system according to claim 26, wherein the cylindrical cross section of each hollow cylinder is rotationally symmetric about its longitudinal axis. 28. A laser communication system according to claim 26, wherein each hollow cylinder of said plurality has a diffuse internal surface which absorbs solar radiation. 29. A laser communication system according to claim 26, wherein the cylindrical cross section of each hollow cylinder is a polygon with sides of equal length. 30. A laser communication system according to claim 26, wherein the perimeter of the cross section of the assembly is chosen to match the entrance aperture of the associated optical system. 31. A laser communication system according to claim 26, wherein the cylinders are arrayed in an annular arrangement to accommodate a central obscuration. 32. A laser communication system according to claim 25, wherein said baffle assembly includes a plurality of planes having an array of transparent apertures, wherein the said planes are perpendicular to the optical axis of the electro-optical receiver, the planes being placed one behind another at a predetermined spacing, and the orientation of the planes is such that centerlines of each aperture in one plane is collinear with centerlines of corresponding apertures of all other planes. 33. A laser communication system according to claim 32, wherein each said aperture is rotationally symmetric about its longitudinal axis. 34. A laser communication system according to claim 32, wherein edges of each said aperture are sharp to reduce scattering. 35. A laser communication system according to claim 32, wherein each surface of each said plane is diffuse and absorbs solar radiation. 36. A laser communication system according to claim 32, wherein each said aperture is a polygon with sides of equal length. 37. A laser communication system according to claim 32, wherein said apertures are arrayed in an annular arrangement to accommodate a central obscuration. 38. The laser communication system according to claim 1, further comprising a heat pipe for thermal transfer from said laser diode means to said thermoelectric cooler means. 39. The laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein said the thermoelectric cooler means is mounted to a housing of said electro-optical transmitter, wherein said housing is further formed as a heat sink so as to dissipate heat from said thermoelectric cooler means. 40. The laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein said laser communication transceiver further includes a proportional-integral-differential temperature controller for controlling said thermoelectric cooler means. 41. The laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein said electro-optical transmitter comprises transmitter electronics working in temperature relation with said thermoelectric cooler means. 42. The laser communication system according to claim 41, wherein said transmitter electronics are activated only after said diode means has been cooled or heated to a predetermined operating temperature. 43. The laser communication system according to claim 41, wherein said transmitter electronics comprise a slow-start device for prolonging the lifetime of said diode means. 44. The laser communication system according to claim 41, wherein said transmitter electronics comprise a transient surge protection device for prolonging the lifetime of said diode means. 45. A method of operating a site-to-site atmospheric laser communication system for wideband data transmission, comprising the steps of: providing a first transceiver having a fiber-optic transmitter and a fiber-optic receiver, a second transceiver having an electro-optical transmitter and an electro-optical receiver, and a baffle assembly; receiving light directly onto the second transceiver via said baffle assembly, without any intermediate field stop and re-imaging relay optics to reject off-axis light sources; demodulating said corresponding electrical signal with said receiver electronics; correcting burst errors arising from atmospheric scintillation with forward error correction block codes and deep interleaving both prior and subsequent to the demodulating step; generating laser light with said laser transceiver at a power level to transmit wideband laser light site-to-site; modulating transmitted laser light with said electro-optical transmitter in accordance with data to be transmitted; and detecting said transmitted modulated laser light and generating an electrical signal corresponding thereto, wherein wideband data are received through the atmosphere by said electro-optical receiver and wideband data being outputted by said fiber-optic transmitter, and said laser light is generated by said diode means after being triggered by at least one inputted signal from said fiber-optic transmitter. 46. A method of operating a site-to-site atmospheric laser communication system for wideband data transmission, comprising the steps of: providing a first transceiver having a fiber-optic transmitter and a fiber-optic receiver, a second transceiver having an electro-optical transmitter and an electro-optical receiver, and thermoelectric cooler means; demodulating said corresponding electrical signal with said receiver electronics; correcting burst errors arising from atmospheric scintillation with forward error correction block codes and deep interleaving both prior and subsequent to the demodulating step; generating laser light with said laser transceiver at a power level to transmit wideband laser light site-to-site; actively cooling said laser diode means with said thermoelectric cooler means; modulating transmitted laser light with said electro-optical transmitter in accordance with data to be transmitted; detecting said transmitted modulated laser light and generating an electrical signal corresponding thereto wideband data are received through the atmosphere by said electro-optical receiver and wideband data being outputted by said fiber-optic transmitter, and said laser light is generated by said diode means after being triggered by at least one inputted signal from said fiber-optic transmitter. 47. A method of operating a site-to-site atmospheric laser communication system for wideband data transmission, comprising the steps of: providing a first transceiver having a fiber-optic transmitter and a fiber-optic receiver, a second transceiver having an electro-optical transmitter and an electro-optical receiver, a baffle assembly and thermoelectric cooler means, transmitter electronics, receiver electronics, a window element with a transparent resistive coating, a collimating lens in the optical axis of said laser light, a sighting scope, a position-sensing detector associated with said sighting scope, and steering means; receiving light directly onto the second transceiver via said baffle assembly, without any intermediate field stop and re-imaging relay optics to reject off-axis light sources; demodulating said corresponding electrical signal with said receiver electronics; correcting burst errors arising from atmospheric scintillation with forward error correction block codes and deep interleaving both prior and subsequent to the demodulating step; generating laser light with said laser transceiver at a power level to transmit wideband laser light site-to-site; actively cooling said laser diode means with said thermoelectric cooler means; modulating transmitted laser light with said electro-optical transmitter in accordance with data to be transmitted; detecting said transmitted modulated laser light and generating an electrical signal corresponding thereto; applying electrical current to said transparent resistive coating through which said modulated laser light travels so as to control the temperature of said window element; moving said collimating lens longitudinally in said optical axis so as to adjust beam divergence and thereby achieve a desired range; positioning said laser transmitter with said sighting scope; generating a time-varying error signal with said a position-sensing detector; deviating the direction of said modulated laser light with said steering means; controlling said steering means with the control electronics in accordance with the time-varying position-sensing detector error signal so as to operate said laser transmitter in the presence of unstable mounting or platform motion; and correcting burst errors arising from atmospheric scintillation with forward error correction block codes and deep interleaving prior and subsequent to the modulating step, wideband data are received through the atmosphere by said electro-optical receiver and wideband data being outputted by said fiber-optic transmitter and said laser light is generated by said diode means after being triggered by at least one inputted signal from said fiber-optic transmitter. 