A retractable light/sound system for mounting on the eave of a structure includes a housing and an output subassembly. A hinge pivotably interconnects the housing and the output subassembly whereby the latter is pivotable between a retracted/stored position and an extended/display position. The output subassembly includes multiple lights and/or loudspeakers and provides output in response to input power and/or control signals from any control subsystem, which can include a microprocessor adapted for preprogramming to activate the output components in response to certain, predetermined input source conditions. The system is adapted for mounting on or in soffits, or on building fascias integrally with gutters.
Claims Having thus described the invention, what is claimed as new and desired to be secured by Letters Patent is: 1. In combination with a building including an eave with a soffit having lookout rafters and a soffit panel mounted on the underside of said lookout rafters, the improvement of a lighting system adapted for mounting in said soffit, which includes: a longitudinally-extending, downwardly-open opening formed in said soffit and including notches formed in said lookout rafters; a housing adapted for mounting in said opening at least partly in said lookout rafter notches and including inner, outer and upper housing walls forming a downwardly-open receiver; multiple mechanical fasteners extending through said housing walls and into said soffit rafters for mounting said system in said eave; a longitudinally-extending output subassembly including a raceway with a wiring passageway, multiple lights mounted on said raceway, a wiring harness extending through said passageway and connected to said lights; a hinge connected to the housing and the raceway, said hinge defining a longitudinally-extending pivotal axis located in proximity to said soffit panel; said output subassembly being pivotable about said pivotal axis between a retracted/stored position substantially within said housing receiver and an extended/display position extending downwardly from said housing with said output component exposed; and a control subsystem including a motor operably connected to said output subassembly and adapted for extending and retracting same, said control subsystem including a microprocessor programmable to automatically operate said motor and multiple inputs adapted for sensing predetermined conditions for extending and retracting said output subassembly and selectively illuminating said lights. 2. The invention according to claim 1, wherein said output subassembly includes a loudspeaker mounted on said raceway and said control subsystem includes an audio source connected to said loudspeaker. 3. The invention according to claim 1 wherein said control subsystem includes a photovoltaic switch connected to said microprocessor. 4. The invention according to claim 1 wherein said microprocessor or is preprogrammed to call said lights to flash in a predetermined pattern. 5. The invention according to claim 1 wherein said control subsystem includes a motion sensor adapted to extend said output subassembly and activate said output component in response to sensing motion. 6. The invention according to claim 1 wherein said housing and said raceway are extruded. 7. The invention according to claim 1 wherein said hinge comprises first and second pivotably interlocking components integrally formed with said housing and said raceway respectively. 8. The invention according claim 1 wherein said output subassembly is connected to a power source associated with the structure on which said system is mounted. 