A solar-powered transmission device includes a casing, a cover, a drive unit, and a solar collecting panel. The casing is formed with a hole unit. The cover cooperates with the casing so as to confine a component receiving space, and has a transparent portion that permits entry of light into the component receiving space. The drive unit is mounted in the component receiving space, and includes a motor, a speed-reduction gear set coupled to and driven rotatably by the motor, and an output shaft unit coupled to and driven rotatably by the speed-reduction gear set. The output shaft unit extends through the hole unit in the casing. The solar collecting panel is disposed in the component receiving space and is coupled electrically to the motor.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar-powered transmission device, comprising: a casing including a base wall and a side wall that extends in a first direction from a periphery of said base wall and that is formed with a hole unit having a hole axis which extends in a second direction transverse to the first direction; a cover mounted on said side wall opposite to said base wall and cooperating with said casing so as to confine a component receiving space, said cover having a transparent portion that permits entry of light into said component receiving space, wherein said cover includes a planar part and a peripheral part extending in the first direction from a periphery of said planar part and cooperating with said planar part so as to confine a panel receiving portion of said component receiving space, said planar part being formed with said transparent portion, said solar collecting panel being disposed in said panel receiving portion and wherein said side wall of said casing and said peripheral part of said cover are formed with a hook-and-groove unit for mounting removably said cover on said casing; a drive unit mounted in said component receiving space and including a motor having a motor axle, a speed-reduction gear set coupled to and driven rotatably by said motor axle, and an output shaft unit extending in the second direction through said hole unit, and coupled to and driven rotatably by said speed-reduction gear set; and a solar collecting panel disposed in said component receiving space and coupled electrically to said motor, said solar collecting panel being capable of supplying electrical power to said motor in response to the light admitted into said component receiving space through said transparent portion of said cover. 2. The solar-powered transmission device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said cover is made entirely from a light transmissive material. 3. The solar-powered transmission device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said solar collecting panel is secured to said planar part of said cover. 4. The solar-powered transmission device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said hook-and-groove unit includes a set of resilient hooks formed on said peripheral part of said cover, and a set of engaging grooves formed in said side wall of said casing to engage said resilient hooks, respectively. 5. The solar-powered transmission device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said speed-reduction gear set includes: a drive gear mounted on said motor axle; a gear unit having a large-diameter section meshing with said drive gear, and a small-diameter section; and an output gear mounted on said output shaft unit and meshing with said small-diameter section of said gear unit. 6. The solar-powered transmission device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said hole unit includes a pair of holes formed in said side wall and opposite to each other along the hole axis, said output shaft unit including a pair of coupling sleeves, each of which has an outer coupling portion disposed outwardly of said casing, and an inner coupling portion extending rotatably into said component receiving space through a respective one of said holes, and a driven axle having opposite ends connected respectively to said inner coupling portions of said coupling sleeves, said driven axle being coupled to and driven rotatably by said speed-reduction gear set. 7. The solar-powered transmission device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said side wall is further formed with an axle mounting tube that extends parallel to the hole axis of said hole unit and that is spaced apart from said hole unit in a third direction transverse to the first and second directions. 8. The solar-powered transmission device as claimed in claim 6, wherein said outer coupling portion has a cross-section larger than said inner coupling portion so as to form a shoulder that abuts against said side wall of said casing. 9. The solar-powered transmission device as claimed in claim 6, wherein said outer coupling portion is formed with a cross-shaped insert bore. 10. A solar-powered transmission device, comprising: a casing including a base wall and a side wall that extends in a first direction from a periphery of said base wall and that is formed with a hole unit having a hole axis which extends in a second direction transverse to the first direction, wherein said base wall and said side wall have outer surfaces formed with a set of block engaging members; a cover mounted on said side wall opposite to said base wall and cooperating with said casing so as to confine a component receiving space, said cover having a transparent portion that permits entry of light into said component receiving space; a drive unit mounted in said component receiving space and including a motor having a motor axle, a speed-reduction gear set coupled to and driven rotatably by said motor axle, and an output shaft unit extending in the second direction through said hole unit, and coupled to and driven rotatably by said speed-reduction gear set; and a solar collecting panel disposed in said component receiving space and coupled electrically to said motor, said solar collecting panel being capable of supplying electrical power to said motor in response to the light admitted into said component receiving space through said transparent portion of said cover. 