A vehicle service indicator releasable secured within a vehicle. The vehicle service indicator includes a microprocessor able to monitor a distance traveled by the vehicle. A service task indicator is controlled by the microprocessor and includes a display indicating a desired function to be monitored. A step down odometer is connected to the microprocessor. The step down odometer includes a display for displaying a numeric value indicative of a distance to be traveled by the vehicle before the function displayed by the programmed service indicator is to be performed. An indicator is provided for producing an alarm signal. The microprocessor decreases the value displayed by the step down odometer relative to the monitored distance traveled by the vehicle. When the value displayed by the step down odometer reaching a value of "0" the microprocessor activates the indicator to produce an alarm signal alerting a user of the vehicle that the function displayed by the programmed service indicator should be performed. The indicator may include a plurality of programmed service task indicators, a plurality of step down odometers and a plurality of indicators for monitoring a plurality of functions for the vehicle. The vehicle service indicator may be integrally connected or releasably connected within the vehicle. The microprocessor may be programmed by a user to display the desired function to be monitored as well as to count down a desired distance by the odometer.
Claims What is claimed is new and desired to be protected by Letters Patent is set forth in the appended claims: 1. A vehicle service indicator releasably secured within a vehicle, said vehicle service indicator comprising; a) a flat member containing a microprocessor to monitor a distance traveled by the vehicle; b) a programmed service task indicator controlled by the microprocessor and having a display on a front face of said flat member indicating a desired function to be monitored; c) a step down odometer connected to the microprocessor, said step down odometer including a display on said front face for displaying a numeric value indicative of a distance to be traveled by the vehicle before the function displayed by the programmed service indicator is to be performed; d) said microprocessor decreasing the value displayed by said step down odometer relative to the monitored distance traveled by the vehicle and upon the value displayed by said step down odometer reaching a value of "0" said microprocessor activating an alarm signal alerting a user of the vehicle that the function displayed by the programmed service indicator should be performed; and e) a U-shaped universal mounting bracket having two channels for receiving said flat member, a slide retainer bracket mounted on a bottom of said mounting bracket for securing said flat member within said channels, and an arm extending from said slide retainer bracket, a free end of said arm having a mounting pad for mounting said indicator to a desired position within the vehicle. 2. The vehicle service indicator as recited in claim 1, further comprising a plurality of programmed service task indicators and a plurality of step down odometers, each of said plurality of programmed service task indicators being associated with a respective one of said plurality of step down odometers for monitoring a respective function for the vehicle. 3. The vehicle service indicator as recited in claim 2 in which said vehicle includes an engine having an engine control unit and a transmitter for receiving from said engine control unit a number of miles traveled by said vehicle and transmitting wirelessly said number of miles, said vehicle service indicator including a receiver for receiving and transferring said number of miles to said microprocessor. 4. The vehicle service indicator as recited in claim 1, wherein said step down indicator provides a digital display. 5. The digital vehicle service indicator as recited in claim 3, in which said indicator is mounted on an inside surface of a front windshield of said vehicle, a rear surface of said flat member being lined with solar panels to provide power for said indicator. 6. The vehicle service indicator as recited in claim 3, having a wireless programming port for programming said indicator. 7. The vehicle service indicator as recited in claim 3, in which said front surface of said flat member is a touch screen, said microprocessor generating a menu to be displayed by said touch screen for programming the function to be monitored and the value to be displayed by said step down odometers. 8. The vehicle service indicator as recited in claim 3, further comprising a function toggle button and a function set button for use in programming said microprocessor with a desired function to be monitored. 9. The vehicle service indicator as recited in claim 8, further comprising a distance toggle button and a distance set button for use in programming said microprocessor with a desired initial value for display by said odometer. 