A white LED lighting device and a light source for white LED lighting that enable an energy-saving, maintenance-free operation while ensuring ample illuminance. Structure of a light source for white LED lighting, constituted by: inserting and holding a plurality of white LED elements in holding holes in a reflective plate, said plate being constituted by providing a required number of said holding holes, in a matrix-like array of prescribed pitch, in a plate of shape corresponding to the illuminating surface of a lamp body; fixing said plurality of white LED elements at locations 2 to 4 mm behind their respective electrode portions; attaching the positive and negative terminals of the white LED elements to a base plate for the LED elements, said base plate being disposed parallel to and directly behind the reflective plate; and forming, at the positive and negative terminals, a series-parallel electrical network suitable for the applied voltage.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of manufacturing a light source for emitting white LED lighting, said method comprising: inserting and holding a plurality of white LED elements in holding holes in a reflective plate, the plate being formed by providing a required number of the holding holes in a matrix-type array having a prescribed pitch, the holding holes being provided in a plate having a shape corresponding to an illuminating surface of a lamp body; fixing the plurality of white LED elements so that a front surface of the reflective plate is located 2 mm to 4 mm behind electrode portions of each of the white LED elements; attaching a positive terminal and a negative terminal of each of the white LED elements to a base plate for the LED elements, the base plate being disposed parallel to and directly behind the reflective plate; and forming, at the positive terminal and the negative terminal, a series-parallel electrical network suitable for the applied voltage. 2. A white LED lighting device comprising: a lamp body including a mounting base, a lamp casing, a colorless transparent globe fixed to an opening in a bottom of said lamp casing, a light source for emitting white LED lighting and housed in said lamp casing, and a light source controller housed in said lamp casing, said lamp casing and said globe each having a rectangular rear portion at said mounting base, sidewalls of said rear portion being parallel to a longitudinal axis of said lamp body, and each of said lamp casing and said globe having an elongated trapezoidal front portion adjacent to said rear portion, said globe having an illumination portion, said illumination portion having a smooth inside surface and a longitudinally-banded concavo-convex outside surface with alternating adjoining ridges and valleys, said illumination portion of said globe having a curved shape symmetrical with respect to a longitudinal center line; a lamp support for supporting said lamp body such that an illuminating surface of said lamp body is directed downward and so that a longitudinal axis of said lamp body extends forwards with a slight upward tilt; and a power source device housed in a lower part of said lamp support for supplying electric power to said light source for emitting white LED lighting; wherein said light source for emitting white LED lighting includes: a reflective plate having a plurality of holding holes arranged in a multi-row, multi-column array with a prescribed pitch; a plurality of white LED elements held within said holding holes of said reflective plate, said plurality of LED elements held such that a front surface of said reflective plate is located 2 mm to 4 mm behind an electrode portion of each of said LED elements, each of said LED elements having a positive terminal and a negative terminal; a base plate attached to said positive terminal and said negative terminal of each of said LED elements, said base plate being arranged parallel to and directly behind said reflective plate; and a series-parallel electrical network connected to said positive terminal and said negative terminal of each of said LED elements; wherein sections of said reflective plate and said base plate located in said rear portion of said lamp casing and said globe have a half-angled gutter shape corresponding to said curved illumination portion of said globe; and wherein sections of said reflective plate and said base plate located in said front portion of said lamp casing and said globe have an elongated trapezoidal flat shape corresponding to said curved illumination portion of said globe. 3. The white LED lighting device of claim 2, further comprising a solar cell mounted and fixed at an upper portion of said lamp support, said power source device including a storage battery, said light source controller including an automatic voltage sensing device for sensing an output voltage of said solar cell, and including an automatic electrical storage device operable with said automatic voltage sensing device to accumulate electric power from said solar cell in said storage battery. 4. The white LED lighting device of claim 3, wherein said lamp support comprises a hollow pipe having an air vent in a wall of said hollow pipe at an upper end thereof. 5. The white LED lighting device of claim 4, further comprising a metal heat shield plate mounted directly above said lamp casing so as to form an air gap between said heat shield plate and said lamp casing. 6. The white LED lighting device of claim 5, wherein a rear wall of said rear portion of said lamp casing has air inlets, and said sidewalls of said rear portion of said lamp casing has air outlets. 7. The white LED lighting device of claim 3, further comprising a metal heat shield plate mounted directly above said lamp casing so as to form an air gap between said heat shield plate and said lamp casing. 8. The white LED lighting device of claim 7, wherein a rear wall of said rear portion of said lamp casing has air inlets, and said sidewalls of said rear portion of said lamp casing has air outlets. 9. The white LED lighting device of claim 3, wherein a rear wall of said rear portion of said lamp casing has air inlets, and said sidewalls of said rear portion of said lamp casing has air outlets. 10. The white LED lighting device of claim 2, further comprising a metal heat shield plate mounted directly above said lamp casing so as to form an air gap between said heat shield plate and said lamp casing. 11. The white LED lighting device of claim 2, wherein a rear wall of said rear portion of said lamp casing has air inlets, and said sidewalls of said rear portion of said lamp casing has air outlets. 12. A light source for emitting white LED lighting, comprising: a reflective plate having a plurality of holding holes arranged in a matrix-type array with a prescribed pitch; a plurality of white LED elements held within said holding holes of said reflective plate, said plurality of LED elements held such that a front surface of said reflective plate is located 2 mm to 4 mm behind an electrode portion of each of said LED elements, each of said LED elements having a positive terminal and a negative terminal; a base plate attached to said positive terminal and said negative terminal of each of said LED elements, said base plate being arranged parallel to and directly behind said reflective plate; and a series-parallel electrical network connected to said positive terminal and said negative terminal of each of said LED elements. 