An SMA device in which an SMA wire actuating element is operated periodically at a low voltage by power derived from a current source current which is too low to heat the wire directly sufficiently for effective actuation. The low current source is connected to a capacitor which discharges periodically through the SMA wire actuating element in response to an upper threshold charge stored by the capacitor thereby to periodically supply the SMA wire actuating element with a current level sufficiently high for effective operation. The discharge is effected through a signal amplifier formed by first and second transistors coupled to provide positive feedback and connected to a switch formed by a third transistor biased by output from the second transistor to periodically conduct, thereby permitting discharge of the capacitor through the SMA actuating element.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A shape memory alloy device in which a shape memory alloy actuating element is operated for a single cycle periodically at a low voltage by power derived from charge accumulated from a source current which is too low to heat the actuating element for effective operation, comprising a capacitor of low resistance and high capacity operably connected to receive a low current source for continuous charging thereby; switching means operably connected between the capacitor and the shape memory alloy device and monitoring means operably connected between the capacitor and the switching means for monitoring discharge of the capacitor by sensing a voltage of the capacitor and operating the switching means to partially discharge the capacitor periodically through the shape memory alloy actuating element, commencing discharge in response to a sensed voltage corresponding to an upper threshold amount of charge stored by the capacitor and ceasing discharge in response to a sensed voltage corresponding to a lower threshold amount of charge remaining in the capacitor thereby to periodically supply the shape memory alloy actuating element with a transient current level sufficiently high for effective operation for a single cycle. 2. A shape memory alloy device according to claim 1 wherein the monitoring means comprises a reflexive oscillation circuit. 3. A shape memory alloy device according to claim 2 wherein the reflexive oscillation circuit comprises a first transistor and a second transistor coupled together to provide signal gain and positive feedback and the switching means comprises a third transistor having a base connected to an output from the second transistor so as to periodically conduct thereby permitting the discharge of the capacitor through the shape memory alloy actuating element. 4. A shape memory alloy device according to claim 3 wherein the voltage sensing means comprises the first transistor. 5. A shape memory alloy device according to claim 1 wherein the capacitor is operably connected to the source of low current by a current limiting resistor. 6. An shape memory alloy device according to claim 1 wherein the low source current is provided by one of a solar cell and fuel cell. 