A high efficiency, low distortion switching mode power amplifier for telecommunication applications includes an analog to binary digital converter and a class S amplifier terminated by an output filter/matching network capable of operation over one or more frequency bands. The modulator may be connected to the class S amplifier with a fiber optic link. This construction can provide a low-distortion connection to remote antennas. Multiple modulators and amplifiers can be multiplexed over the fiber link to support a multiple sector antenna on a cell site or multiple transmitter elements on a phased array antenna.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A radio frequency amplifier system comprising: a delta sigma modulator connected to receive an input signal and produce a bi-level modulation signal; a switching mode power amplifier driven by the bi-level modulation signal and operable to provide a radio frequency signal at an output; and a linearizer, coupled to the input signal and the radio frequency signal, operable to supply a corrective signal at a location prior to the switching mode power amplifier, the linearizer using an adaptive process. 2. The radio frequency amplifier system of claim 1 wherein the delta sigma modulator comprises a bandpass delta sigma modulator. 3. The radio frequency amplifier system of claim 2 wherein the bandpass delta sigma modulator comprises a multi-band bandpass delta sigma modulator. 4. The radio frequency amplifier system of claim 1 comprising a tunable output filter coupled to the output of the amplifier, the tunable output filter tunable to a plurality of frequency bands. 5. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 1 wherein the delta sigma modulator comprises: a digital-to-analog converter coupled to receive a signal from an output of a first resonator circuit and present the digitized signal at an output of the delta sigma modulator, a second resonator circuit having an input coupled to receive an input signal and an output coupled to an input of the first resonator circuit, and an analog-to-digital converter coupled to receive the digitized signal, generate a recreated analog signal from the digitized signal, and combine the recreated analog signal with signals at the inputs of each of the first and second resonator circuits. 6. The radio frequency amplifier system of claim 1 wherein the switching mode power amplifier comprises a class S amplifier. 7. The radio frequency amplifier system of claim 1 wherein the switching mode power amplifier comprises a class D amplifier. 8. The radio frequency amplifier system of claim 1 comprising an extended interface between the delta sigma modulator and the switching mode power amplifier, the extended interface carrying the bi-level modulation signal. 9. The radio frequency amplifier system of claim 8 wherein the extended interface comprises a first coupling circuit coupling the bi-level modulation signal to a transmission medium and a second coupling circuit coupling the bi-level modulation signal to the switching mode power amplifier. 10. The radio frequency amplifier system of claim 9 wherein the transmission medium comprises an optical transmission medium, the first coupling circuit comprises an electro-optical coupler and the second coupling circuit comprises an opto-electrical coupler. 11. The radio frequency amplifier system of claim 10 wherein the optical transmission medium comprises an optical fiber. 12. The radio frequency amplifier system of claim 9 wherein the transmission medium comprises a microwave radio link, the first coupling circuit comprises a high speed digital modulator and the second coupling circuit comprises a high speed digital demodulator. 13. The radio frequency amplifier system of claim 9 wherein the transmission medium comprises a path through signal carriers of a cable television system, the first coupling circuit comprises a high speed digital modulator and the second coupling circuit comprises a high speed digital demodulator. 14. The radio frequency amplifier system of claim 9 wherein the transmission medium comprises a coaxial cable. 15. The radio frequency amplifier system of claim 9 wherein the extended interface is bidirectional. 16. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 9 wherein the first and second coupling circuits are separated by a distance of at least 10 meters. 17. The radio frequency amplifier system of claim 9 wherein the first and second coupling circuits are separated by a distance of at least 500 meters. 18. The radio frequency amplifier system of claim 9 wherein the linearizer generates the corrective signal at least in part from a feedback signal from an output of the switching mode power amplifier and the feedback signal is carried on the extended interface. 19. The radio frequency amplifier system of claim 18 comprises a power monitor coupled to the output of the switching mode power amplifier wherein the feedback signal comprises a signal carrying information regarding a power level detected by the power monitor. 20. The radio frequency amplifier system of claim 1 wherein the linearizer is configured to generate a predistortion signal based upon a feedback signal from an output of the switching mode power amplifier and the corrective signal is based upon the predistortion signal. 21. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 1 wherein the linearizer is configured to generate the corrective signal through one or more of: feed forward; analog predistortion; digital predistortion; adaptive digital predistortion; predistortion and feed forward; and adaptive feedforward. 22. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 1 having a passband at a frequency in excess of 300 kHz. 23. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 1 having a passband at a frequency in excess of 800 MHz. 24. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 1 wherein the output of the switching mode power amplifier is coupled to an antenna, the switching mode power amplifier is located within 2 meters from the antenna and the delta sigma modulator is located more than 5 meters from the antenna. 25. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 1 comprising a harmonic filter connected at the output of the switching mode power amplifier. 26. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 6 wherein the class S amplifier comprises two electronic switching device in a totem pole configuration. 27. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 6 wherein the output of the class S amplifier comprises first and second terminals and the class S amplifier comprises first and second switching devices connected in series with one another, the first switching device coupled between the first terminal and a first conductor, the second switching device coupled between the first terminal and a second conductor maintained at a second voltage relative to the first conductor by a power supply, and second and third switching devices connected in series with one another, the second switching device coupled between the first conductor and the second terminal, the fourth switching device coupled between the second terminal and the second conductor. 28. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 1 wherein the switching mode power amplifier has an adjustable output power. 29. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 28 wherein the switching mode power amplifier comprises an electronically variable voltage bias power supply and a mechanism connected to vary the voltage of the bias power supply and thereby vary the output power of the switching mode power amplifier. 30. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 28 wherein the switching mode power amplifier comprises a plurality of parallel-connected amplification circuits and a mechanism connected to adjust the output power by varying a number of the amplification circuits which are active by selectively enabling or disabling some of the amplification circuits. 31. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 30 wherein each of the amplification circuits comprises an electronically variable voltage bias power supply and a mechanism connected to vary the voltage of the bias power supply and the amplification circuits are enabled and disabled by varying the voltage of the corresponding bias power supply. 32. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 21 comprising a mechanism for adjusting the output power of the switching mode power amplifier in response to a channel count, a channel link loss parameter, or both a channel count and a channel link loss parameter. 33. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 1 wherein the delta sigma modulator comprises a multiband bandpass delta sigma modulator capable operating in two or more frequency bands simultaneously. 34. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 33 comprising a multiband programmable variable tuning output filter connected to filter a signal amplified by the switching mode power amplifier. 35. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 8 wherein the switching mode power amplifier is coupled to an antenna, the antenna and switching mode power amplifier are both on a tower and the delta sigma modulator is not located on the tower. 36. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 1 comprising a power supply connected to supply electrical power to the switching mode power amplifier wherein the power supply comprises a solar panel. 37. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 1 comprising a power supply connected to supply electrical power to the switching mode power amplifier wherein the power supply comprises a wind generator. 38. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 37 wherein the power supply comprises an electrical storage cell charged by the wind generator and a dc-dc step-up converter connected to receive power from the storage cell at a voltage of the storage cell and provide the power to the switching mode power amplifier at an increased voltage greater than the voltage of the storage cell. 39. A radio frequency amplifier system comprising: a bandpass delta sigma modulator connected to receive an input signal and produce a bi-level modulation signal; a switching mode power amplifier driven by the bi-level modulation signal and having an output, the switching mode power amplifier operable to provide a radio frequency signal; and a linearizer, coupled to the input signal, the radio frequency signal and the output of the switching mode power amplifier, operable to supply a corrective signal at a location prior to the switching mode power amplifier, the linearizer using an adaptive linearization process. 40. The radio frequency amplifier system of claim 39 wherein the bandpass delta sigma modulator comprises a multi-band bandpass delta sigma modulator. 41. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 39 wherein the switching mode power amplifier has an adjustable output power. 42. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 39 wherein the switching mode power amplifier comprises an electronically variable voltage bias power supply and a mechanism connected to vary the voltage of the bias power supply and thereby vary the output power of the switching mode power amplifier. 43. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 41 wherein the switching mode power amplifier comprises a plurality of parallel-connected amplification circuits and a mechanism connected to adjust the output power by varying a number of the amplification circuits which are active by selectively enabling or disabling some of the amplification circuits. 44. The radio frequency amplifier system of claim 39 wherein the linearizer is configured to generate a predistortion signal based upon a feedback signal and the corrective signal is based upon the predistortion signal. 45. The radio frequency power amplifier system of claim 39 wherein the linearizer is configured to generate the corrective signal through one or more of: feed forward; analog predistortion; digital predistortion; adaptive digital predistortion; predistortion and feed forward; and adaptive feedforward processes. 