A method and system for an inexpensive wireless imaging are provided which allows a user to take hands-free video or still-picture images. An imaging system includes a mask adapted to be worn by a user having a viewing area covered by a faceplate, an imaging subsystem which is mounted on the mask and adjacent to the faceplate, and an image storage system which is positioned outside the mask in close proximity to the user. The imaging subsystem is adapted to capture images positioned in front of the faceplate. The image storage system is operatively connected to the imaging subsystem by wireless communication and is capable of storing the images and instantly replaying the images for viewing by the user.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An imaging system for a user, comprising: a mask adapted to be worn by a user which covers at least the eyes of said user and has a viewing area covered by a faceplate; an imaging subsystem mounted in fixed relation to said mask adjacent said faceplate, said imaging subsystem adapted to capture images positioned in the viewing area covered by said faceplate; and an image storage system positioned outside said mask and capable of storing said images, said image storage system carried on a body part of said user and operatively connected to said imaging subsystem by wireless communication. 2. The imaging system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said mask is a diving mask. 3. The imaging system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said image subsystem is adapted to follow head movements of said user. 4. The imaging system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said imaging subsystem includes a camera capable of capturing images using imaging techniques selecting from the group consisting of analog, digital, infrared, laser, and a combination of said imaging techniques. 5. The imaging system as claimed in claim 4 wherein said imaging subsystem includes a camera selected from the group consisting of video camera and still-picture camera. 6. The imaging system as claimed in claim 1 wherein: said imaging subsystem includes a camera; said imaging system further comprises an imaging subsystem control unit adapted to control said imaging subsystem using wireless communication, said imaging subsystem control unit adapted to be mounted on a body part of said user, mounted on equipment carried by said user, or integrated with equipment carried by said user; and said imaging subsystem control unit includes a control switch adapted to perform one of starting video image capture and taking a still-picture. 7. The imaging system as claimed in claim 6 wherein said imaging subsystem control unit is integral with a wrist-mounted dive computer and further includes a control switch adapted to end a video capture which is in progress. 8. The imaging system as claimed in claim 6 wherein said imaging subsystem control unit further includes at least one control switch adapted to turn at least part of said imaging system on and off by wireless command. 9. The imaging system as claimed in claim 1 wherein: said imaging subsystem includes a wireless transmitter for transmitting said images to said image storage system by wireless communication; and said image storage system includes a wireless receiver capable of receiving said images from said imaging subsystem by wireless communication. 10. The imaging system as claimed in claim 9 wherein said image storage system includes: a video compression unit operatively connected to said wireless receiver and capable of compressing said images into compressed images; and an image storage subsystem operatively connected to said video compression unit and capable of storing said compressed images. 11. The imaging system as claimed in claim 1 wherein: said imaging subsystem includes a second wireless receiver; and said imaging storage system includes a second wireless transmitter capable of transmitting control signals to said second wireless receiver by wireless communication, said control signals including a first signal to turn said imaging subsystem on and off and a second signal to start and end video image processing or taking a still-picture. 12. The imaging system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said image storage system carried on said body part of said user includes mounting said image storage system on equipment carried by said user or insertion of said image storage system into a pocket of a buoyancy control device vest worn by said user. 13. The imaging system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said imaging system further comprises: a first power supply that provides power to said image storage system; and a second power supply distinct from said first power supply, that provides power to said imaging subsystem. 14. The imaging system as claimed in claim 13 wherein: said first power supply includes a first solar device for generating solar power. 15. The imaging system as claimed in claim 1 further including: a liquid crystal display (LCD) mounted inside said mask and in fixed relation to said faceplate, said LCD capable of displaying said images for viewing by said user. 16. The imaging system as claimed in claim 1 further including a fisheye lens mounted in front of said imaging subsystem, wherein said imaging subsystem is adapted to capture fisheye images using said fisheye lens. 17. An imaging system, comprising: a diving mask adapted to be worn by a user which covers at least the eyes of sad user and has a viewing area covered by a faceplate; an imaging subsystem mounted in fixed relation to said diving mask adjacent said faceplate, said imaging subsystem adapted to capture images positioned in front of said faceplate and to follow head movements of said user, said imaging subsystem including: a camera capable of capturing images using imaging techniques selected from the group consisting of analog, digital, infrared, laser, and a combination of said imaging techniques, said camera selected from the group consisting of video camera and still-picture camera, and a wireless transmitter for transmitting said images by wireless communication; and an image storage system positioned outside said diving mask capable of storing said images, said image storage system being carried by said user and operatively connected to said imaging subsystem by wireless communication, said wireless communication including at least one of radio frequency communication, infrared communication, acoustic communication, laser light communication, and visible light communication, said image storage system including: a wireless receiver capable of receiving said images from said wireless transmitter by wireless communication, and an image storage subsystem operatively connected to said wireless receiver and capable of storing said images, said image storage subsystem including a memory system selected from the group consisting of solid state memories, optical disk storage, laser disk storage, computer disk storage, and mini-video tape storage. 18. A method for wireless imaging, comprising: using an imaging subsystem to capture images positioned in front of a faceplate of a mask adapted to be worn by a user, said mask covering at least the eyes of said user and having a viewing area covered by said faceplate; and transmitting by wireless communication said images to an image storage system capable of storing said images, said image storage system being positioned outside said mask and carried on a body part of said user. 19. The method as claimed in claim 18 wherein transmitting by wireless communication said images to an image storage system includes: transmitting said images to a wireless receiver associated with the image storage system; compressing said images into compressed images using a video compression unit operatively connected to said wireless receiver; and storing said compressed images using said image storage subsystem. 20. The method as claimed in claim 19 wherein storing said images using an image storage subsystem includes storing images using a solid state memory system. 21. The method as claimed in claim 18 further comprising storing images in a storage device adapted for location within a pocket of a buoyancy control device worn by said the user. 22. The method as claimed in claim 18 further including displaying said images on a liquid crystal display (LCD) for viewing by said user, wherein said LCD is mounted inside said mask and in fixed relation to said faceplate. 23. A method for wireless imaging, comprising: using an imaging subsystem to capture images positioned in front of a faceplate of a diving mask adapted to be worn by a user, said diving mask covering at least the eyes of said user and having a viewing area covered by said faceplate, said imaging subsystem adapted to follow head movements of said user, said imaging subsystem using a camera capable of capturing images using imaging techniques selected from the group consisting of analog, digital, infrared, laser, and a combination of said imaging techniques, said camera selected from the group consisting of video camera and still-picture camera; transmitting said images to an image storage system positioned outside said mask and in proximity to said user by wireless communication using a wireless transmitter and a wireless receiver, said wireless receiver capable of receiving said images from said imaging subsystem, said image storage system carried by said user and including an image storage subsystem operatively connected to said wireless receiver, and said wireless communication using communication techniques selected from the group consisting of radio frequency communication, infrared communication, acoustic communication, laser light communication, visible light communication, and a combination of said communication techniques; and storing said images in memory of said image storage subsystem where said memory includes at least one memory device selected from the group of solid state memories, optical disk storage, laser disk storage, computer disk storage, and mini-video tape storage. 