An audio visual display system for use positioned at a site of interment such as a cemetery or grave site to provide information to users specifically pertinent to the aspect of memorialization of the site of interment and, in particular, of the individual or individuals buried at this location. The design includes an audio visual displaying device for displaying visual information and playing audio information commemorating the interment site or otherwise pertinent thereto. An input selection means such as a keyboard or touchpad is included for selecting among more than one possible audio and/or visual display modes. A self-contained power supply system is included with an optional solar cell recharging system. The system is completely self-contained and is self-sustained at the site with its own power supply and security system allowing both maintenance and secure access thereto by users. The system includes a monitoring means for indicating malfunctions preferably at remote locations through a cellular transmission device. The entire system is hermetically sealed relative to the external ambient environment to maximize security and minimize maintenance requirements.
Claims I claim: 1. An audio visual display system for use at a memorial site to provide information to a user specifically pertinent to the site comprising: A. an audio visual playing means capable of playing audio information and displaying visual information at a memorial site which is specifically pertinent thereto; B. an information storage means for retaining audio and visual information at the interment site specifically pertinent thereto and being operatively connected to said audio visual playing means for transmitting selected information thereto; C. an input selection means located at the interment site and operatively connected to said information storage means for allowing communication with the audio visual display system by authorized persons; D. a power supply means positioned at the interment site and being operatively connected with respect to said audio visual display system for powering thereof; E. a security means at the interment site which is operatively attached to the audio visual display system to prevent unauthorized access thereto; F. a security usage authorization means operatively connected to said security means for selective overriding thereof in order to provide authorized access to said input selection means for operation of the audio visual display system; and G. a security maintenance authorization means operatively connected to said security means for overriding thereof in order to selectively provide authorized access to said audio visual display system for repair and maintenance thereof. 2. An audio visual display system for use at a memorial site to provide information to a user specifically pertinent to the site as defined in claim 1 wherein said power supply means comprises a battery means for providing electrical power to said audio visual display system. 3. An audio visual display system for use at a memorial site to provide information to a user specifically pertinent to the site as defined in claim 2 further comprising a solar cell means operatively connected to said power supply means for charging thereof responsive to said solar cell means being exposed to solar radiation. 4. An audio visual display system for use at a memorial site to provide information to a user specifically pertinent to the site as defined in claim 1 further comprising a system monitoring means operatively connected to the audio visual display system for monitoring the operating conditions thereof and generating malfunction signals responsive to monitored conditions being outside of predefined parameter operating limits. 5. An audio visual display system for use at a memorial site to provide information to a user specifically pertinent to the site as defined in claim 1 wherein said security maintenance authorization means requires entry of a maintenance identification code through said input selection means for providing access to the audio visual display system for maintenance thereof. 6. An audio visual display system for use at a memorial site to provide information to a user specifically pertinent to the site as defined in claim 4 wherein said system monitoring means includes a malfunction alarm means which is activated responsive to the existence of a malfunction in operation of the audio visual display system. 7. An audio visual display system for use at a memorial site to provide information to a user specifically pertinent to the site as defined in claim 1 wherein said security usage authorization means requires entry of a personal identification number by a user through said input selection means. 8. An audio visual display system for use at a memorial site to provide information to a user specifically pertinent to the site as defined in claim 7 wherein entry of the personal identification number provides a user with a selection menu provided by said audio visual playing means to allow the user to choose among a plurality of different display options. 9. An audio visual display system for use at a memorial site to provide information to a user specifically pertinent to the site as defined in claim 1 wherein said input selection means is operative by authorized persons to choose which audio and visual information contained by said information storage means is to be conveyed therefrom to said audio visual playing means. 10. An audio visual display system for use at a memorial site to provide information to a user specifically pertinent to the site as defined in claim 8 wherein the menu provided is displayed visually on said audio visual playing means. 11. An audio visual display system for use at a memorial site to provide information to a user specifically pertinent to the site as defined in claim 8 wherein the menu provided is played audibly by said audio visual playing means. 12. An audio visual display system for use at a memorial site to provide information to a user specifically pertinent to the site as defined in claim 1 wherein said audio visual playing means includes a liquid crystal display device and a speaker means to facilitate playing and displaying of audio visual information therewith. 13. An audio visual display system for use at a memorial site to provide information to a user specifically pertinent to the site as defined in claim 1 wherein said information storage means includes an electronic computer controlled magnetic storage medium. 14. An audio visual display system for use at a memorial site to provide information to a user specifically pertinent to the site as defined in claim 1 wherein said input selection means comprises a manually depressible keypad device. 15. An audio visual display system for use at a memorial site to provide information to a user specifically pertinent to the site as defined in claim 6 wherein said malfunction alarm means is operative to signal at a remote location in order to summon maintenance personnel. 16. An audio visual display system for use at a memorial site to provide information to a user specifically pertinent to the site as defined in claim 1 wherein said security means is operative responsive to vandalism at the interment site to generate an vandalism alarm signal at a remote location to summon security personnel. 17. An audio visual display system for use at a memorial site to provide information to a user specifically pertinent to the site as defined in claim 1 further comprising a sealing means extending around the audio visual display system for hermetically sealing thereof with respect to the external ambient environment. 18. An audio visual display system for use at a memorial site to provide information to a user specifically pertinent to the site as defined in claim 1 further including a cellular telephone remote alarming means in order to transmit information regarding the conditions of the audio visual display system to a remote location. 19. An audio visual display system for use at a memorial site to provide information to a user specifically pertinent to the site comprising: A. an audio visual playing means capable of playing audio information and displaying visual information at a memorial site which is specifically pertinent thereto, said audio visual playing means including a liquid crystal display device and a speaker means to facilitate playing and displaying of audio visual information therewith; B. an information storage means for retaining audio and visual information at the interment site specifically pertinent thereto and being operatively connected to said audio visual playing means for transmitting selected information thereto; C. an input selection means comprising a manually depressible keypad device located at the interment site and operatively connected to said information storage means for allowing communication with the audio visual display system by authorized persons; D. a power supply means positioned at the interment site and being operatively connected with respect to said audio visual display system for powering thereof, said power supply means comprises a battery means for providing electrical power to said audio visual display system; E. a security means operatively attached to the audio visual display system to prevent unauthorized access thereto; F. a security usage authorization means operatively connected to said security means for selective overriding thereof in order to provide authorized access to said input selection means for operation of the audio visual display system; G. a security maintenance authorization means operatively connected to said security means for overriding thereof in order to selectively provide authorized access to said audio visual display system for repair and maintenance thereof; H. a solar cell means operatively connected to said power supply means for charging thereof responsive to said solar cell means being exposed to solar radiation; I. a system monitoring means operatively connected to the audio visual display system for monitoring the. operating conditions thereof and generating malfunction signals responsive to monitored conditions being outside of predefined parameter operating limits, said system monitoring means including a malfunction alarm means activated responsive to the existence of a malfunction in operation of the audio visual display system, said malfunction alarm means being operative to signal at a remote location in order to summon maintenance personnel; and J. a sealing means extending around the audio visual display system for hermetically sealing thereof with respect to the external ambient environment. 20. An audio visual display system for use at a memorial site to provide information to a user specifically pertinent to the site comprising: A. an audio visual playing means capable of playing audio information and displaying visual information at a memorial site which is specifically pertinent thereto, said audio visual playing means including a liquid crystal display device and a speaker means to facilitate playing and displaying of audio visual information therewith; B. an information storage means for retaining audio and visual information at the interment site specifically pertinent thereto and being operatively connected to said audio visual playing means for transmitting selected information thereto, said information storage means including an electronic computer controlled magnetic storage medium; C. an input selection means comprising a manually depressible keypad device located at the interment site and operatively connected to said information storage means for allowing communication with the audio visual display system by authorized persons, said input selection means being operative by authorized persons to choose which audio and visual information contained by said information storage means is to be conveyed therefrom to said audio visual playing means; D. a power supply means positioned at the interment site and being operatively connected with respect to said audio visual display system for powering thereof, said power supply means comprises a battery means for providing electrical power to said audio visual display system; E. a security means operatively attached to the audio visual display system to prevent unauthorized access thereto, said security means also being operative responsive to vandalism at the interment site to generate an vandalism alarm signal at a remote location to summon security personnel; F. a security usage authorization means operatively connected to said security means for selective overriding thereof in order to provide authorized access to said input selection means for operation of the audio visual display system, said security usage authorization means requiring entry of a personal identification number by a user through said input selection means, said security usage authorization means being responsive to entry of a personal identification number to provide a user with a selection menu provided by said audio visual playing means to allow the user to choose among a plurality of different display options; G. a security maintenance authorization means operatively connected to said security means for overriding thereof in order to selectively provide authorized access to said audio visual display system for repair and maintenance thereof, said security maintenance authorization means requiring entry of a maintenance identification code through said input selection means for providing access to the audio visual display system for maintenance thereof; H. a solar cell means operatively connected to said power supply means for charging thereof responsive to said solar cell means being exposed to solar radiation; I. a system monitoring means operatively connected to the audio visual display system for monitoring the operating conditions thereof and generating malfunction signals responsive to monitored conditions being outside of predefined parameter operating limits, said system monitoring means including a malfunction alarm means activated responsive to the existence of a malfunction in operation of the audio visual display system; J. a sealing means extending around the audio visual display system for hermetically sealing thereof with respect to the external ambient environment; and K. a cellular telephone remote alarming means for transmitting alarm information regarding the conditions of the audio visual display system from said security means to a remote location. 