There is provided a medicament dispenser comprising a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism; a container seat for receipt of the container; an anchor station; and a coupling between said container seat and said anchor station capable on deformation of moving the container seat relative to the anchor station to actuate the dispensing mechanism. The coupling is reversibly deformable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. The non-mechanical energy may comprise heat energy, electrical current energy, electrical field energy or magnetic field energy.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A medicament dispenser comprising a housing; a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism; a container seat which receives the container; an anchor station on the housing or connecting therewith; and a coupling which extends from said container seat to said anchor station to couple said container seat to said anchor station, wherein the coupling is reversibly contractible in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto, wherein said container seat is moveable relative to said anchor station to cause actuation of said dispensing mechanism, and wherein the coupling is adapted in use to contract on application of non-mechanical energy thereto so as to move said container seat relative to said anchor station to actuate said dispensing mechanism. 2. A medicament dispenser comprising a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism; a container seat which receives the container; a dispenser seat which receives dispensing mechanism; and a coupling which extends from said container seat to said dispenser seat to couple said container seat to said dispenser seat, wherein the coupling is reversibly contractible in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto, wherein said container seat is moveable relative to said dispenser seat to cause actuation of said dispensing mechanism, and wherein the coupling is adapted in use to contract on application of non-mechanical energy thereto so as to move said container seat relative to said dispenser seat to actuate said dispensing mechanism. 3. A medicament dispenser comprising a housing; a medicament container containing medicament for release from the dispenser; a metering mechanism for metering a dose of said medicament from said medicament container to a predetermined position in said dispenser, an aerosol container having a dispensing mechanism for dispensing gas from said aerosol container to said predetermined position to energise a dose of said medicament thereat; a container seat which receives the aerosol container; an anchor station on the housing or connecting therewith; and a coupling extending from said container seat to said anchor station to couple said container seat to said anchor station, wherein the coupling is reversibly contractible in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto, wherein said container seat is movable relative to said anchor station to cause actuation of said dispensing mechanism, and wherein the coupling is adapted in use to contract on application of said non-mechanical energy thereto so as to move said container seat relative to said anchor station to actuate said dispensing mechanism. 4. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1, wherein the dispensing mechanism is selected from the group consisting of a valve, pump or plunger mechanism. 5. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1, wherein the dispensing mechanism comprises a metering mechanism. 6. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1, additionally comprising a reset mechanism for resetting the dispensing mechanism after actuation thereof. 7. A medicament dispenser according to claim 6, wherein the reset mechanism comprises a reset coupling which is reversibly deformable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 8. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1, wherein said non-mechanical energy comprises electric current flow through the coupling. 9. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1, wherein the coupling comprises a wire, strip, coil or tube. 10. A medicament dispenser according to claim 9, wherein the coupling comprises multiple wires, strips, coils or tubes. 11. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1, wherein the coupling comprises one or more wires which contract in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 12. A medicament dispenser according to claim 11, wherein the coupling exhibits a degree of contraction of from 2% to 8% on application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 13. A medicament dispenser according to claim 12, wherein the coupling comprises an alloy which undergoes a phase transition on application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 14. A medicament dispenser according to claim 13, wherein said alloy is a nickel-titanium alloy. 15. A medicament dispenser according to claim 14, wherein said nickel-titanium alloy comprises from 5% to 95% nickel by weight and from 95% to 5% titanium by weight, preferably from 20% to 80% nickel by weight and from 80% to 20% titanium by weight. 16. A medicament dispenser according to claim 14, wherein said nickel-titanium alloy additionally comprises copper, niobium or any mixtures thereof. 17. A medicament dispenser according to claim 13, wherein the alloy is a copper-zink-aluminium alloy or a copper-aluminium-nickel alloy. 18. A medicament dispenser according to claim 13, wherein the alloy has the composition defined as Ni.sub.65-x-yMn.sub.20+xGa.sub.15+y, where x is between 3 atomic % and 15 atomic % and y is between 3 atomic % and 12 atomic %. 19. A medicament dispenser according to claim 13, wherein the alloy has the composition defined as (Ni.sub.aFe.sub.bCo.sub.c).sub.65-x-y(Mn.sub.dFe.sub.eCo.sub.f).sub.20+x(- Ga.sub.gSi.sub.hAl.sub.i).sub.15+y, where x is between 3 atomic % and 15 atomic % and y is between 3 atomic % and 12 atomic %, and where a+b+c=1, where d+e+f=1, and g+h+i=1. 20. A medicament dispenser according to claim 13, wherein the alloy comprises an ion-exchange polymer composite. 21. A medicament dispenser according to claim 13, wherein the alloy comprises a contractile polymer. 22. A medicament dispenser according to claim 11, wherein said one or more wires have a diameter from 30 to 400 micrometers, preferably from 50 to 150 micrometers. 23. A medicament dispenser according to claim 11, wherein the coupling comprises from two to twenty, preferably six to twelve wires which contract in response to heating or application of a magnetic field thereto. 24. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1, wherein said strip comprises multiple layers of different metals. 25. A medicament dispenser according to claim 24, wherein the strip comprises a bimetallic strip. 26. A medicament dispenser according to claim 24, wherein the strip comprises at least one piezoelectric material. 27. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1, wherein the coupling is deformable in response to heating arising from electrical current flow in the range from 0.01 A to 100 A, preferably from 0.1 A to 5 A. 28. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1, wherein the coupling is deformable in response to a magnetic field of from 0.01 to 100 Tesla. 29. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1, additionally comprising an electrical energy source. 30. A medicament dispenser according to claim 29, wherein said electrical energy source comprises a voltaic cell or battery of voltaic cells. 31. A medicament dispenser according to claim 30, wherein said voltaic cell or battery of voltaic cells is rechargeable. 32. A medicament dispenser according to claim 29, wherein said electrical energy source comprises a photovoltaic cell or battery of photovoltaic cells. 33. A medicament dispenser according to claim 29, wherein said electrical energy source comprises a converter for converting mechanical energy into electrical energy. 34. A medicament dispenser according to claim 29, additionally comprising a controller for controlling the amount of electrical current flow through the coupling or to an electromagnet to provide a magnetic field. 35. A medicament dispenser according to claim 29, additionally comprising a timer for controlling the duration of electrical current flow through the coupling or to an electromagnet to provide a magnetic field. 36. A medicament dispenser according to claim 29 additionally comprising a local electrical energy store. 37. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1, wherein said medicament container is a medicament aerosol container. 38. A medicament dispenser according to claim 37, wherein said medicament aerosol container comprises a suspension or a medicament in a propellant. 39. A medicament dispenser according to claim 38, wherein, said propellant comprises liquefied HFA134a HFA-227, helium or carbon dioxide. 40. A medicament dispenser according to claim 39, wherein said medicament aerosol container comprises a solution of a medicament in a solvent. 41. A medicament dispenser according to claim 37, wherein said aerosol container comprises a compressed air or gas and the medicament container comprises medicament in dry powder form. 42. A medicament dispenser according to claim 38, wherein the medicament is selected from the group consisting of albuterol, salmeterol, fluticasone propionate, beclomethasone dipropionate, salts or solvates thereof and any mixture thereof. 43. A medicament dispenser according to claim 4, wherein the valve is a slide valve. 44. A medicament dispenser according to claim 4, wherein the valve is a metering valve. 45. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1, wherein the container seat is shaped for snug receipt of the base of the medicament container or aerosol container. 46. A medicament dispenser according to claim 2, wherein the dispenser seat is shaped for snug receipt of the tip of the dispensing mechanism. 47. A medicament dispenser according to claim 46, wherein the dispenser seat is further shaped to support the walls of the medicament container or aerosol container. 48. A medicament dispenser according to claim 47, wherein the container seat and dispenser seat in combination form a cradle for the medicament container or aerosol container. 49. A medicament dispenser according to claim 2, wherein the container seat and dispenser seat comprise electrically conducting material and the medicament container or aerosol container is electrically insulated therefrom. 50. A medicament dispenser according to claim 49, wherein the dispensing mechanism comprises an electrically insulating material. 51. A medicament dispenser according to claim 50, wherein the dispensing mechanism comprises an electrically conducting material and an insulator is provided between the dispensing mechanism and the dispenser seat. 52. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1, wherein flow of electrical current through the coupling and hence, actuation of the dispensing mechanism is responsive to a patient-actuable trigger. 53. A medicament dispenser according to claim 52, wherein said trigger comprises a button, switch or lever arrangement. 54. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1, in the form of an inhaler for the delivery of inhalable medicament. 55. A medicament dispenser according to claim 54, wherein heating arising from flow of electrical current through the coupling and hence, actuation of the dispensing mechanism is responsive to a patient-actuable trigger comprising a sensor which senses the breath of a patient. 56. A medicament dispenser according to claim 55, wherein said sensor comprises a breath-movable element which is movable in response to the breath of a patient. 57. A medicament dispenser according to claim 56, wherein said breath-movable element is selected from the group consisting of a vane, a sail, a piston, a diaphragm and an impeller. 58. A medicament dispenser according to claim 55, wherein said sensor comprises a pressure sensor for sensing the pressure profile associated with the breath of a patient. 59. A medicament dispenser according to claim 55, wherein said sensor comprises an airflow sensor for sensing the airflow profile associated with the breath of a patient. 60. A medicament dispenser according to claim 55, wherein said sensor comprises a temperature sensor for sensing the temperature profile associated with the breath of a patient. 61. A medicament dispenser according to claim 55, wherein said sensor comprises a moisture sensor for sensing the moisture profile associated with the breath of a patient. 62. A medicament dispenser according to claim 55, wherein said sensor comprises a gas sensor for sensing the oxygen or carbon dioxide profile associated with the breath of a patient. 63. A medicament dispenser according to claim 54, wherein the coupling is exposable to the airflow arising from inhalation or expiration of the patient to assist in the cooling of the coupling post-actuation of the dispensing mechanism. 64. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1 comprising an actuation counter for counting the number of actuations of the dispensing mechanism or a dose counter for counting the number of doses delivered. 65. A medicament dispenser according to claim 64, wherein the actuation counter is independent of the coupling. 66. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1, comprising a manual override enabling manual actuation of the dispensing mechanism. 67. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1 additionally comprising an electronic control system for controlling the supply of non-mechanical energy to the coupling. 68. A medicament dispenser according to claim 67, wherein the electronic control system is capable of providing pulses of non-mechanical energy to the coupling. 69. A medicament dispenser according to claim 67, wherein the electronic control system is capable of receiving inputs from electronic sensors locatable on the dispenser. 70. A medicament dispenser according to claim 69, additionally comprising an electronic sensor selected from the group consisting of a breath sensor, a shake sensor, a temperature sensor, an infrared sensor and a patient ID Sensor. 71. An actuator for a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism comprising a container seat for receipt of the medicament container; a dispenser seat for receipt of the dispensing mechanism; and a coupling which extends from said container seat to said dispenser seat to couple said container seat to said dispenser seat, wherein the coupling is reversibly contractible in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto, wherein said container seat is moveable relative to said dispenser seat to move the seats towards and away from one another, relative movement of said container seat towards the dispenser causing, in use, actuation of said dispensing mechanism, and wherein the coupling is adapted in use to contract on application of non-mechanical energy thereto so as to cause relative movement of said container seat towards said dispenser seat. 72. An actuator for a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism comprising a housing; within said housing, a container seat for receipt of the medicament container; on the housing or connecting therewith, an anchor station; and a coupling extending from said container seat to said anchor station to couple said container seat anchor station, wherein the coupling is reversibly contractable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto, wherein said container seat is moveable relative to said anchor station to move the seat and station towards and away from one another, relative movement of said container seat towards the anchor station causing, in use, actuation of said dispensing mechanism, and wherein the coupling is adapted in use to contract on application of said non-mechanical energy thereto so as to cause relative movement of said container seat towards said anchor station. 73. An actuator according to claim 71, wherein said heating is achievable by electric current flow through the coupling. 74. An actuator according to claim 71, wherein the coupling comprises one or more wires which contract in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 75. An actuator according to claim 71, wherein said coupling comprises an alloy which undergoes a phase transition on the application of non-machanical energy thereto. 76. An actuator according to claim 75, wherein said alloy is a nickel-titanium alloy. 77. An actuator according to claim 71, additionally comprising an electronic control system for controlling the supply of non-mechanical energy to the coupling. 78. An actuator according to claim 77, wherein the electronic control system is capable of providing pulses of non-mechanical energy to the coupling. 79. An actuator according to claim 77, wherein the electronic control system is capable of receiving inputs, from electronic sensors locatable on the dispenser. 80. An actuator according to claim 79, additionally comprising an electronic sensor selected from the group consisting of a breath sensor, a shake sensor, a temperature sensor, an infrared sensor and a patient ID sensor. 81. Laboratory test apparatus for testing a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism comprising at least one actuator according to claim 71 and a mounting for said at least one actuator. 82. Kit of parts comprising a medicament dispenser according to claim 1 in the form of a cartridge; and a housing shaped for receipt of said cartridge. 83. A medicament dispenser comprising a housing; a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism; a container seat for receipt of the container; an anchor station on the housing or connecting therewith; and a coupling between said container seat and said anchor station capable on deformation of moving the container seat relative to the anchor station to actuate the dispensing mechanism, wherein the coupling is reversibly deformable-in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto, wherein the coupling comprises one or more wires which contract in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto, wherein the coupling exhibits a degree of contraction of from 2% to 8% on application of non-mechanical energy thereto, wherein the coupling comprises an alloy which undergoes a phase transition on application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 84. A medicament dispenser according to claim 83, wherein said alloy is a nickel-titanium alloy. 85. A medicament dispenser according claim 84, wherein said nickel-titanium alloy comprises from 5% to 95% nickel by weight and from 95% to 5% titanium by weight, preferably from 20% to 80% nickel by weight and from 80% to 20% titanium by weight. 86. A medicament dispenser according to claim 84, wherein said nickel-titanium alloy additionally comprises copper, niobium or any mixtures thereof. 87. A medicament dispenser according to claim 83, wherein the alloy is a copper-zinc-aluminium alloy or a copper-aluminium-nickel alloy. 88. A medicament dispenser according to claim 83, wherein the alloy has the composition defined as Ni.sub.65-x-yMn.sub.20+xGa.sub.15+y, where x is between 3 atomic % and 15 atomic % and y is between 3 atomic % and 12 atomic %. 89. A medicament dispenser according to claim 83, wherein the alloy has the composition defined as (Ni.sub.aFe.sub.bCo.sub.c).sub.65-x-y(Mn.sub.dFe.sub.eCo.sub.f).sub.20+x(- Ga.sub.gSi.sub.hAl.sub.i).sub.15+y, where x is between 3 atomic % and 15 atomic % and y is between 3 atomic % and 12 atomic %, and where a+b+c+32 1, where d+e+f+32 1, and g+h+i=1. 90. A medicament dispenser according to claim 83, wherein the alloy comprises an ion-exchange polymer composite. 91. A medicament dispenser according to claim 83, wherein the alloy comprises a contractile polymer. 92. A medicament dispenser comprising a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism; a container seat for receipt of the container; a dispenser seat for receipt of the dispensing mechanism; and a coupling between said container seat and said dispenser seat capable on deformation of moving the container seat relative to the dispenser seat to actuate the dispensing mechanism, wherein the coupling is reversibly deformable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto, wherein the container seat and dispenser seat comprise electrically conducting material and the medicament container or aerosol container is electrically insulated therefrom. 93. A medicament dispenser according to claim 92, wherein the dispensing mechanism comprises an electrically insulating material. 94. A medicament dispenser according to claim 93, wherein the dispensing mechanism comprises an electrically conducting material and an insulator is provided between the dispensing mechanism and the dispenser seat. 95. A medicament dispenser in the form of an inhaler for the delivery of inhalable medicament, comprising a housing; a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism; a container seat for receipt of the container; an anchor station on the housing or connecting therewith; and a coupling between said container seat and said anchor station capable on deformation of moving the container seat relative to the anchor station to actuate the dispensing mechanism, wherein heating arising from flow of electrical current through the coupling and hence, actuation of the dispensing mechanism is responsive to a patient-actuable trigger comprising a sensor which senses the breath of a patient, wherein said sensor comprises a moisture sensor for sensing the moisture profile associated with the breath of a patient. 96. A medicament dispenser in the form of an inhaler for the delivery of inhalable medicament, comprising a housing; a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism; a container seat for receipt of the container; an anchor station on the housing or connecting therewith; and a coupling between said container seat and said anchor station capable on deformation of moving the container seat relative to the anchor station to actuate the dispensing mechanism, wherein heating arising from flow of electrical current through the coupling and hence, actuation of the dispensing mechanism is responsive to a patient-actuable trigger comprising a sensor which senses the breath of a patient, wherein said sensor comprises a gas sensor for sensing the oxygen or carbon dioxide profile associated with the breath of a patient. 97. An actuator for a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism comprising a container seat for receipt of the medicament container; a dispenser seat for receipt of the dispensing mechanism; and a coupling between said container seat and said dispenser seat capable on deformation of moving the container seat relative to the dispenser seat to actuate the dispensing mechanism, wherein the coupling is reversibly deformable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto, wherein said coupling comprises an alloy which undergoes a phase transition on the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 98. An actuator according to claim 97, wherein said alloy is a nickel-titanium alloy. 