The device for detection of the temperature in the interior of a vehicle, particularly for an air-conditioning system of a vehicle, is provided with an interior temperature sensor (28) arranged in a housing (18) arranged in or at a wall (12) adjacent to the interior (14) of the vehicle and being at least partially adjacent to the interior (14) of the vehicle, and a radiation sensor (30) detecting solar radiation leading to the heating of the housing (18) of the interior temperature sensor (28). Further, the device is provided with a compensation temperature sensor (36) arranged behind the wall (12) and such that it is thermally decoupled from the interior temperature sensor (28) and detecting the heat of air and/or assemblies behind the wall (12), which leads to a falsification of the measured value of the interior temperature sensor (28). The two temperature sensors (28,36) and the radiation sensor (30) are combined in a common assembly.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Device for detection of the temperature in the interior of a vehicle, comprising an interior temperature sensor arranged in a housing arranged in or at a wall adjacent to the interior of the vehicle, the interior temperature sensor being at least partially adjacent to the interior of the vehicle, a radiation sensor detecting solar radiation leading to the heating of the housing of the interior temperature sensor, and a compensation temperature sensor arranged behind the wall and such that it is thermally decoupled from the interior temperature sensor, the compensation temperature sensor detecting the heat of air and/or assemblies behind the wall which influences a measured value of the interior temperature sensor, the two temperature sensors and the radiation sensor being combined in a common assembly. 2. Device according to claim 1, characterized in that the two temperature sensors and the radiation sensor are held by a common mounting plate. 3. Device according to claim 1, characterized in that the compensation temperature sensor is thermally connected with at least one heat conducting surface arranged behind the wall. 4. Device according to claim 2, characterized in that heat-conducting surfaces are arranged on at least one surface of the mounting plate at both sides of the compensation temperature sensor. 5. Device according to claim 4, characterized in that heat-conducting surfaces are arranged on both surfaces of the mounting plate at both sides of the compensation temperature sensor, the heat-conducting surfaces respectively opposite on the two surfaces of the mounting plate being thermally connected with each other by means of throughplatings extending through the mounting plate. 6. Device according to one of claims 1 to 5, characterized in that the electric connection of the interior temperature sensor and/or the radiation sensor is/are thermally insulated. 7. Device according to one of claims 1 to 5, characterized in that the housing of the interior temperature sensor comprises electric pins and the assembly comprises electric conducting tracks, and that the electric pins and the conducting tracks are embedded, at least partially, by a casting mass for the purpose of thermal insulation and mechanical fixing. 8. Device according to one of claims 1 to 5, characterized in that the assembly is arranged outside an operating and/or controlling apparatus of a vehicle air-conditioning system. 9. Device according to claim 2, characterized in that the compensation temperature sensor is thermally connected with at least one heat conducting surface arranged behind the wall. 10. Device according to claim 3, characterized in that head-conducting surfaces are arranged on at least one surface of the mounting plate at both sides of the compensation temperature sensor. 11. Device according to claim 6, characterized in that the housing of the interior temperature sensor comprises electric pins and the assembly comprises electric conducting tracks, and that the electric pins and the conducting tracks are embedded, at least partially, by a casting mass for the purpose of thermal insulation and mechanical fixing. 12. Device according to claim 6, characterized in that the assembly is arranged outside an operating and/or controlling apparatus of a vehicle air-conditioning system. 13. Device according to claim 7, characterized in that the assembly is arranged outside an operating and/or controlling apparatus of a vehicle air-conditioning system. 