The invention relates to a device for monitoring a surge arrester connected to a power network, comprising a registering unit (1) and means (63, 66) for attachment of the registering unit to the surge arrester. The registering unit comprises a grounding line (16), which is adapted to conduct a current flowing through the surge arrester to ground, means (4) for registration of a current passing through the gounding line (16) from the surge arrester, a member (9) for registration of current pulses passing through the surge arrester, and a storage member (5) for storing data concerning the current passing through the grounding line (16) from the surge arrester and data concerning registered current pulses. The registering unit (1) further comprises a field probe (17) connected to ground, a sensor (18) for registration of the current flowing between the field probe (17) and ground, and a time meter (3), the storage member (5) being adapted to store the data concerning the current passing through the grounding line (16) from the surge arrester and the data concerning the current flowing between the field probe 817) and ground associated to a time information determined by means of the time meter (3). The invention also relates to a system comprising one or several such registering units.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A device for monitoring a surge arrester connected to a power network producing an electric field, comprising a registering unit and means for attachment of the registering unit to the surge arrester, the registering unit comprising a grounding line, which is connected or intended to be connected to ground and which is intended to be conductingly connected with the surge arrester when the registering unit is attached to the surge arrester so that a current flowing through the surge arrester will pass through this grounding line, means for registration of a current passing through the grounding line from the surge arrester, a member for registration, based on the registrations of the current passing through the grounding line from the surge arrester, of current pulses passing through the surge arrester, and a storage member for storing data concerning the current passing through the grounding line from the surge arrester and data concerning registered current pulses, wherein the registering unit further comprises a field probe being charged in response to the electric field produced by the network and being connected to ground, the field probe is adapted to generate a current in response to the electric field, a sensor for registration of the current flowing between the field probe and ground, the storage member being adapted to store data concerning the current flowing between the field probe and ground, and a time meter, the storage member being adapted to store the data concerning the current passing through the grounding line from the surge arrester and the data concerning the current flowing between the field probe and ground associated to a time information determined by means of the time meter. 2. A device according to claim 1, wherein the field probe is connected to ground via said grounding line. 3. A device according to claim 1 wherein the field probe is connected to an energy storage medium, a change-over switch being adapted to conduct the current from the field probe to ground via said sensor during periods for current measuring, and to conduct the current from the field probe to the energy storage medium during periods for energy storing. 4. A device according to claim 3, wherein the energy storage medium comprises a supercapacitor. 5. A device according to claim 3, wherein the registering unit is provided with at least one solar cell connected to the energy storage medium. 6. A device according to claim 3, wherein the means for registration of the current passing through the grounding line from the surge arrester comprises an inductive first sensor for registration of the leakage current flowing through the surge arrester and an inductive second sensor for registration of current pulses, each of which comprises a coil arranged around the grounding line. 7. A device according to claim 6, wherein the registering unit is adapted to count the different number of current pulses exceeding different predetermined current levels. 8. A device according to claim 3, wherein the registering unit is adapted to count the number of current pulses exceeding a predetermined current level. 9. A device according to claim 6, wherein the storage member is adapted to store the data concerning registered current pulses associated to a time information determined by means of the time meter. 10. A device-according to claim 6, wherein the registering unit comprises a temperature sensor for registration of the ambient temperature, the storage member being adapted to store data concerning temperature information determined by means of the temperature sensor so that the stored data concerning the current passing through the grounding line from the surge arrester and the data concerning the current flowing between the field probe and ground can be related to the temperature that prevailed at the measuring occasion. 11. A device according to claim 6, wherein components included in the registering unit are arranged in a casing ,through which the grounding line extends, the casing being arranged to be attached to the surge arrester via the grounding line, that the grounding line is designed to be stiff at least in respect of the part of the grounding line that is in tended to extend between the casing and the surge arrester, and the casing is fixed to the grounding line in such a way that it is essentially immobile in relation to said stiff part so that the casing, when it is attached to the surge arrester, is carried by the surge arrester via said grounding line in a position that is essentially fixed in relation to the surge arrester. 12. A device according to claim 11, wherein the grounding line, at the end thereof that is intended to face the surge arrester, is provided with a through hole for receiving a mounting bolt, by means of which the grounding line, and thereby the casing, is attachable to a flange of electrically conductive material in the surge arrester. 13. A device according to claim 11, wherein the spaces inside the casing, between the components arranged in the casing and the inner walls of the casing, are filled up with cast compound. 14. A system according to claim 13, wherein the compound is impermeable to water. 15. A device according to claim 11, the registering unit comprises a communication member for wireless transmission of data stored in the storage member. 16. A device according to claim 15, wherein the communication member comprises a radio transceiver. 17. A device according to claim 15, wherein the communication member is adapted for transmission of data as well as receipt of control instructions. 18. A device according to claim 15, wherein the communication member is adapted to transmit data with predetermined time intervals. 19. A device according to claim 15, wherein the communication member is adapted to transmit data in connection with the registration of a current pulse by the registering unit. 20. A device according to claim 15, wherein the registering unit comprises an activation detector, which is adapted pick up external enabling signals, and the registering unit comprises a control member connected to the communication member and to the activation detector, which control member is adapted to initiate the data transmission from the communication member based on the enabling signals picked up by the activation detector. 21. A device according to claim 20, wherein the registering unit comprises a member for permanent storage of an identification code unique for the individual registering unit, the control member being adapted to initiate the data transmission from the communication member only when a controlled signal picked up by the activation detector comprises said identification code. 22. A system for monitoring one or several surge arresters connected to a power network, wherein the system comprises a registering unit according to claim 20 arranged at each surge arrester, the system further comprising a reading unit, which comprises an activation member for transmitting an enabling signal, by means of which a registering unit is activatable for transmission of data stored in the storage member of the registering unit, a communication member for wireless receipt of data from a registering unit activated by means of the enabling signal, and a storage member for storing received data. 23. A system for monitoring one or several surge arresters connected to a power network, wherein the system comprises a registering unit according to claim 1 arranged at each surge arrester, the system further comprising a reading unit, which comprises means for receiving data stored in the storage member of the registering unit and a storage member for storing received data. 24. A system according to claim 23, wherein the communication member of the reading unit comprises a radio transceiver. 25. A system according to claim 23, wherein the communication member of the reading unit is adapted for transmission of control instructions to as well as receipt of data from a registering unit activated by means of the enabling signal. 26. A system according to claim 23, wherein the reading unit comprises means for bringing the enabling signal to comprise a selectable identification code corresponding to an identification code stored in the registering unit that the reading unit is intended to activate at the moment. 27. A system according to claim 26, wherein the reading unit comprises a presentation member (51) for displaying said values. 28. A system according to claim 23, wherein the reading unit comprises means for processing received data concerning the current passing through the grounding line from the surge arrester to values representing the total leakage current through the surge arrester. 29. A system according to claim 28, wherein the means for determining a value of the resistive leakage current through a surge arrester is adapted to calculate, based on received data concerning the current passing through the grounding line from the surge arrester and data concerning the current flowing between the field probe and ground, the third harmonic of the resistive leakage current through the surge arrester, the value of the resistive leakage current through the surge arrester being obtained as a function of said third harmonic. 30. A system according to claim 23, wherein the reading unit comprises means for determining, based on received data concerning the current passing through the grounding line from the surge arrester and data concerning the current flowing between the field probe and ground, a value of the resistive leakage current through the surge arrester. 31. A system according to claim 23, wherein the system comprises a data processing unit, to which data stored in the storage member of the reading unit is transferable, the data processing unit being adapted to store and evaluate said data. 32. A system according to claim 31, wherein the data processing unit is adapted, based on received data concerning the current passing through the grounding line from the surge arrester, to determine and indicate whether or not the casing of the surge arrester needs to be cleaned. 33. A system according to claim 31, wherein the data processing unit comprises means for determining, based on received data concerning the current passing through the grounding line from the surge arrester and data concerning the current flowing between the field probe and ground, a value of the resistive leakage current through the surge arrester. 34. A system according to claim 31, wherein the data processing unit is adapted, based on determined values of the resistive leakage current through the surge arrester, to determine the functionality of the surge arrester and to indicated whether or not said surge arrester is defect. 35. A device for monitoring a surge arrester connected to a power network, comprising a registering unit and means for attachment of the registering unit to the surge arrester, the registering unit comprising a grounding line, which is connected or intended to be connected to ground and which is intended to be conductingly connected with the surge arrester when the registering unit is attached to the surge arrester so that a current flowing through the surge arrester will pass through this grounding line, means for registration of a current passing through the grounding line from the surge arrester, a member for registration, based on the registrations of the current passing through the grounding line from the surge arrester, of current pulses passing through the surge arrester, and a storage member for storing data concerning the current passing through the grounding line from the surge arrester and data concerning registered current pulses, wherein the registering unit further comprises a field probe connected to ground, which field probe is adapted to generate a current by the influence from the electric field from the power network to which the surge arrester is connected, a sensor for registration of the current flowing between the field probe and ground, the storage member being adapted to store data concerning the current flowing between the field probe and ground, and a time meter, the storage member being adapted to store the data concerning the current passing through the grounding line from the surge arrester and the data concerning the current flowing between the field probe and ground associated to a time information determined by means of the time meter; wherein the field probe is connected to an energy storage medium, a change-over switch being adapted to conduct the current from the field probe to ground via said sensor during periods for current measuring, and to conduct the current from the field probe to the energy storage medium during periods for energy storing. 