Compact, OSL-based devices for long-term, unattended radiation detection and spectroscopy are provided. In addition, a method for extracting spectroscopic information from these devices is taught. The devices can comprise OSL pixels and at least one radiation filter surrounding at least a portion of the OSL pixels. The filter can modulate an incident radiation flux. The devices can further comprise a light source and a detector, both proximally located to the OSL pixels, as well as a power source and a wireless communication device, each operably connected to the light source and the detector. Power consumption of the device ranges from ultra-low to zero. The OSL pixels can retain data regarding incident radiation events as trapped charges. The data can be extracted wirelessly or manually. The method for extracting spectroscopic data comprises optically stimulating the exposed OSL pixels, detecting a readout luminescence, and reconstructing an incident-energy spectrum from the luminescence.
Claims We claim: 1. A compact sensor comprising: a. an OSL pixel; b. a light source proximally located to said OSL pixel; c. a luminescence detector proximally located to said OSL pixel; d. a power source electrically connected to said light source and said detector; e. a wireless communication device operably connected to said light source, said detector, and said power source; and wherein said compact sensor has at least a first and a second power consumption mode and monitors an incident radiation flux. 2. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, further comprising an enclosure for housing said OSL pixel, said light source, said luminescence detector, said wireless communication device, and said power source. 3. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, wherein said OSL pixel has a decay constant less than or equal to approximately 100 msec. 4. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, wherein said OSL pixel is selected from the group of materials consisting of Al.sub.2O.sub.3, doped Al.sub.2O.sub.3, BaFBr, doped BaFBr, Pb-loaded Al.sub.2O.sub.3, and combinations thereof. 5. The compact sensor as recited in claim 4, wherein said doped Al.sub.2O.sub.3 is selected from the group consisting of Pb-doped Al.sub.2O.sub.3, C-doped Al.sub.2O.sub.3, and combinations thereof. 6. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, wherein said OSL pixel comprises Eu-doped BaFBr. 7. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, wherein said OSL pixel is selected from the group of shapes consisting of planar, cylindrical, and spherical. 8. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, further comprising first optical elements for tuning an interrogating emission from said light sources. 9. The compact sensor as recited in claim 8, wherein said first optical elements are selected from the group consisting of lenses, filters, prisms, gratings, mirrors, apertures, and combinations thereof. 10. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, further comprising second optical elements for tuning said readout emissions from said OSL pixel. 11. The compact sensor as recited in claim 10, wherein said second optical elements are selected from the group consisting of lenses, filters, prisms, gratings, mirrors, apertures, and combinations thereof. 12. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, wherein said light source comprises a pulsed light source. 13. The compact sensor as recited in claim 12, wherein said pulsed light source is selected from a group consisting of LEDs, flashlamps, lasers, and combinations thereof. 14. The compact sensor as recited in claim 12, wherein a pulse having a duration of less than or equal to approximately 5 msec is applied by said pulsed light source. 15. The compact sensor as recited in claim 14, wherein a pulse separation time exists between each pulse. 16. The compact sensor as recited in claim 15, wherein said pulse separation time is greater than or equal to a decay constant of said OSL pixel. 17. The compact sensor as recited in claim 16, wherein said pulse separation time is less than or equal to approximately 10 times said decay constant of said OSL pixel. 18. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, further comprising a readout measurement comprising a luminescence response to a single pulse. 19. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, further comprising a readout measurement comprising a plurality of luminescence responses to a plurality of pulses. 20. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, further comprising a criterion for discrimination against scintillation events, comprising an average of a plurality of luminescence responses. 21. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, further comprising a criterion for discrimination against scintillation events, comprising a decay constant of said OSL pixel comprises. 22. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, wherein said luminescence detector is selected from the group consisting of photodiodes, CCDs, PMT photosensors, and combinations thereof. 23. The compact sensor as recited in claim 22, wherein said photodiodes are selected from the group consisting of avalanche, drift, and combinations thereof. 24. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, wherein said power source is selected from the group consisting of batteries, fuel cells, solar cells, and combinations thereof. 25. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, wherein said first power consumption mode draws power to maintain only a communication link. 26. The compact sensor as recited in claim 25, wherein said first power consumption mode comprises a default state of said compact sensor. 27. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, wherein said second power consumption mode comprises an active state of said compact sensor. 28. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, wherein a change in said power consumption mode is initiated by a wireless signal, an elapsed duration of time, or combinations thereof. 29. The compact sensor as recited in claim 28, wherein said wireless signal comprises an activation signal to initiate a change from said first to said second power consumption mode. 30. The compact sensor as recited in claim 28, wherein said wireless signal comprises a hibernation signal to initiate a change from said second to said first power consumption mode. 31. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, further comprising an analog-to-digital converter. 32. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, further comprising low-noise pulse processing components. 33. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, further comprising at least one radiation filter surrounding said OSL pixel. 34. The compact sensor as recited in claim 33, wherein said radiation filter comprises an attenuating material. 35. The compact sensor as recited in claim 33, wherein said radiation filter is selected from the group consisting of metals, alloys, ceramics, glasses, polymers, minerals, and combinations thereof. 36. The compact sensor as recited in claim 33, wherein said radiation filter is selected from the group consisting of Pb, W, Al, and combinations thereof. 37. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, wherein said incident radiation flux comprises gamma-rays. 38. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, wherein said incident radiation flux comprises neutrons. 39. The compact sensor as recited in claim 38, further comprising a neutron-converting material. 40. The compact sensor as recited in claim 39, wherein said neutron-converting material is selected from the group consisting of .sup.10Ba, .sup.6Li, Gd, Sm, and combinations thereof. 41. The compact sensor as recited in claim 1, emplaced for long-term monitoring of containers, facilities, perimeters, environmental conditions, or combinations thereof. 42. A compact sensor comprising: a. an OSL pixel; b. a pulsed light source proximally located to said OSL pixel; c. a luminescence detector proximally located to said OSL pixel; d. a power source electrically connected to said light source and said detectors; e. a wireless communication device operably connected to said light source, said detector, and said power source; and wherein said compact sensor has at least a first and a second power consumption mode for long-term radiation monitoring of containers, facilities, perimeters, environmental conditions, or combinations thereof. 43. An apparatus comprising: a. a container, and b. a compact sensor comprising i. an OSL pixel; ii. a light source proximally located to said OSL pixel; iii. a luminescence detector proximally located to said OSL pixel; iv. a power source electrically connected to said light source and said detector; v. a wireless communication device operably connected to said light source, said detector, and said power source; and vi. wherein said compact sensor has at least a first and a second power consumption mode and monitors an incident radiation flux. wherein said compact sensor has at least a first and a second power consumption mode, is attached to said container, and monitors an incident radiation flux. 