A wind power generator has a windmill for rotating the generator. The windmill includes a main vertical shaft, a rotor, and a wind-receiving blade. The rotor, fixed horizontally at the upper end of the main vertical shaft, comprises a flywheel, and a plurality of wind-receiving blades is spaced equally on the circumference of the rotor. The rotor gives kinetic energy by rotation inertia to the windmill. The wind-receiving blade is excellent in bending properties, and even when it receives breeze, the main vertical shaft is rotated with the principle of leverage.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A windmill comprising: a main vertical shaft; a rotor mounted to an upper end of the main vertical shaft to constitute a flywheel; and a plurality of vertical wind-receiving blades equally spaced on an outer circumference of said rotor, each of said plurality of wind-receiving blades comprising an outer wind-receiving portion and an inner mounting support, the wind-receiving portion having a lobe on an inner surface, an outer surface of the wind-receiving blade being placed at the farthest position from the main vertical shaft, the lobe generating negative pressure in the front of the wind-receiving blade to produce rotation-driving force of the wind receiving blade, wherein said rotor comprises a circumferential ring and a plurality of support arms extending radially between the main vertical shaft and the circumferential ring which is fixed to each said mounting support of the wind-receiving blades. 2. A windmill comprising: a main vertical shafr a rotor mounted to an upper end of the main vertical shaft to constitute a flywheel; and a plurality of vertical wind-receiving blades equally spaced on an outer circumference of said rotor, each of said plurality of wind-receiving blades comprising an outer wind-receiving portion and an inner mounting support, the wind-receiving portion having a lobe on an inner surface, an outer surface of the wind-receiving blade being placed at the farthest position from the main vertical shaft, the lobe generating negative pressure in the front of the wind-receiving blade to produce rotation-driving force of the wind receiving blade, wherein a cover is mounted over an upper surface of the rotor and has an upper inclined surface on which solar cells are mounted. 3. A windmill as claimed in claim 2 wherein the inclined surface of the cover has angles for 10 to 40 degrees to a horizon. 4. A windmill wind-receiving blade vertically mounted around a rotor having a vertical shaft to construct a flywheel, comprising: an inner mounting support and an outer wind-receiving portion, the rear end of which can be bent horizontally with wind pressure in use, the inner mounting support and the outer wind-receiving portion being integrally molded by soft elastic fiber reinforced resin, wherein said outer wind-receiving portion comprises a support bone and a wind-receiving film plate, said support bone being tapered and connected at the rear end to the wind-receiving film plate, the thickness of a front end of the wind-receiving film plate being almost the same as that of a rear end of the support bone and reduced rearwards. 5. A windmill wind-receiving blade vertically mounted around a rotor having a vertical shaft to construct a flywheel, comprising: an inner mounting support and an outer wind-receiving portion, the rear end of which can be bent horizontally with wind pressure in use, the inner mounting support and the outer wind-receiving portion being integrally molded by soft elastic fiber reinforced resin, wherein a lobe is formed on an inner surface of the wind-receiving portion to generate rotation-driving force. 6. A windmill wind-receiving blade vertically mounted around a rotor having a vertical shaft to construct a flywheel, comprising: an inner mounting support and an outer wind-receiving portion, the rear end of which can be bent horizontally with wind pressure in use, the inner mounting support and the outer wind-receiving portion being integrally molded by soft elastic fiber reinforced resin, wherein the wind-receiving blade is hollow, an outer surface of the wind-receiving portion being formed to pass along an orbit of rotation of an outer front end of the wind-receiving portion. 