A housing is provided for attracting and eradicating mosquitoes. The interior walls of the housing is painted with a dark color such as black and it is coupled to a water container with an air duct. An electrified conductive grid is mounted at a large front opening of the main housing. A mixture of water and charcoal is placed in the water container. A louver panel is mounted in front of the electrified conductive grid to provide a shield as well as a canopy against rain and sun light. An interior container having a plurality of open top compartment is located in the main housing with various selected organic materials placed in those compartments for creating an environment in the main housing attractive to various types of mosquitoes.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for eradicating mosquitoes comprising, a main housing having inner side walls painted with a dark color and a large front opening, a lower air duet extending downwards from a bottom panel of said housing, an electrified conductive grid mounted on said housing and completely covering over said front opening, a water container having an upper air duct extending upwards therefrom and coupled with said lower air duct of said housing to join said water container and said housing together, and a mixture of water and an organic material disposed in said water container. 2. A system according to claim 1 including a louver panel mounted so as to be spaced manner in front of said electrified conductive grid, said louver panel having a plurality of horizontal spaced slats sloping forwardly and downwardly. 3. A system according to claim 2 including an interior container located within said main housing, said interior container having a plurality of open top compartments adapted for holding a selected amount of organic materials. 4. A system according to claim 3 wherein said organic materials are wood, vegetation, and soil. 5. A system according to claim 3 including an amount of salt disposed in said compartments. 6. A system according to claim 3 including a high speed electrically operated fan mounted on a rear panel of said main housing and operative fort predetermined periods for blowing dead mosquito remains from said electrified conductive grid and blocking matters from spaces between said horizontal slats of said louver panel. 7. A system according to claim 6 including a mesh mounted in said main housing and located so as to be spaced manner behind said electrified conductive grid adapted to prevent insects from entering into said main housing through said front opening. 8. A system according to claim 7 including a low intensity light emitting diode mounted in said main housing and operative to emit a low intensity of violet light. 9. A system for eradicating mosquitoes comprising, a supporting stand, a generally rectangular main housing having a large front opening, and inner walls painted with a dark color, an electrified conductive grid mounted on said main housing and completely covering over said front opening, a lower air duct extending downwardly from a bottom panel of said main housing, and a bifurcated mounting bracket extending in a horizontal manner rearwards from a rear panel of said housing and adapted for mounting said main housing at a selected height along an elongated vertical post of said supporting stand, a water container mounted on said supporting stand, said water container having an upper air duct extending upwards therefrom and adapted to couple with said lower air duct of said main housing for joining said water container and said main housing together, a mixture of water and an organic material located in said water container, and a louver panel mounted on said main housing and located so as to be spaced mnner in front of said electrified conductive grid, said louver panel having a plurality of horizontal spaced slats extending forwardly and downwardly relative to said main housing, an and a top panel providing a canopy over said electrified conductive grid. 10. A system according to claim 9 including an interior container disposed in said main housing, said interior container having a plurality of open top compartments adapted for holding selected organic materials within said main housing. 11. A system according to claim 10 including a low intensity light emitting diode located in said main housing and adapted to emit a low intensity violet light at night time. 12. A system according to claim 11 including a high speed electric fan mounted on one of said inner walls formed by said a rear panel in of said main housing and operative for predetermined short time periods for blowing dead mosquito remains, on said electrified conductive grid and blocking matters forming in spaces between said horizontal slats of said louver panel. 13. A system according to claim 12 including an electrical control circuit mounted in said main housing and adapted to operate said electric fan and said light emitting diode with an electrical supply. 14. A system according to claim 13 including solar panels mounted at a top portion of said supporting stand and adapted to provide said electrical supply for operating said electrical control circuit, said electric fan, and said light emitting diode. 15. A system according to claim 14 wherein said mixture in said water container is water and charcoal. 