An apparatus for detecting motion and providing illumination is disclosed. The apparatus includes at least one motion detector and a receiver unit that communicate wirelessly. The apparatus is suited for outdoor applications, for example for use by hunters in monitoring a limited area surrounding a hunting stand in a wooded area. The motion detectors can be mounted on trees or other objects surrounding a hunting stand and the receiver can be mounted on the hunting stand. The receiver includes at least one indicator to alert a hunter when motion has been detected by one of the motion detectors. The receiver also includes at least one light source for illuminating the hunting stand and the area surrounding the hunting stand to aid a hunter in locating and safely settling in the stand.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A motion detection and illumination apparatus comprising: at least one motion detector to detect motion in a hunting environment, the at least one motion detector comprising a transmitter operable to wirelessly transmit at least one motion signal after detecting motion; a remote signal transmitter operable to selectively wirelessly transmit an activation signal; and a receiver, the receiver comprising a microcontroller, a sensor in electrical communication with the microcontroller and in wireless communication with the transmitter and the remote signal transmitter to receive the at least one motion signal and the activation signal, at least one indicator in electrical communication with the microcontroller and respectively associated with the at least one motion detector and activated upon receipt of the at least one motion signal, and at least one locally directed light source selectively activated by the remotely wirelessly transmitted activation signal. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the receiver further comprises a weatherproof housing. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the housing is adapted to be removably mounted to a structure. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one indicator is deactivated after a period of time after receipt of the at least one motion signal has passed. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one indicator comprises a light emitting diode. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the at least one indicator is activated at a first level of brightness upon receipt of the at least one motion signal, at a second level of brightness after a first period of time has passed after receipt of the at least one motion signal, and is deactivated after a second period of time after receipt of the at least one motion signal has passed. 7. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the at least one indicator is activated in a first color upon receipt of the at least one motion signal and is activated in a second color after a period of time has passed after receipt of the at least one motion signal. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one light source comprises a light emitting diode. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one light source is deactivated after a period of time after receipt of the activation signal has passed. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one light source is deactivated after receipt of a second activation signal. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a plurality of receivers in wireless communication. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein a first receiver receiving an activation signal wirelessly relays the activation signal to at least a second receiver. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the receiver further comprises a liquid crystal display. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the receiver further comprises a temperature sensor, and wherein a sensed temperature is displayed on the display. 15. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the receiver and the at least one motion detector are battery powered. 16. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the receiver and the least one motion detector are solar powered. 17. A method of using a motion detection and illumination system during hunting comprising the steps of: mounting at least one motion detector and a receiver in a geographical area associated with hunting environment such that the at least one motion detector and the receiver are in wireless communication, wherein the receiver comprises at least one locally directed light source and at least one motion indicator; selectively activating the at least one locally directed light source by wirelessly transmitting an activation signal to illuminate the area proximate the receiver and assist in locating an exact location of the receiver; monitoring the at least one motion indicator on the receiver for an indication that motion has been detected by the at least one motion detector; and selectively activating the at least one light source using a remote signal transmitter to illuminate the area proximate the receiver and assist in leaving the area proximate the receiver. 18. The method of claim 17 further comprising the step of selectively deactivating the at least one light source after the receiver has been located. 19. A motion detection and illumination apparatus comprising: at least one means for detecting motion in at least one location in a hunting environment and wirelessly transmitting at least one motion signal after detecting motion; remote transmitter means for selectively wirelessly transmitting an activation signal; and a receiver, the receiver comprising a microcontroller, sensing means for receiving the at least one motion signal and the activation signal, at least one indicator means in electrical communication with the microcontroller and respectively associated with the at least one means for detecting motion, and at least one locally directed illumination means for illuminating an area proximate the receiver, wherein the at least one indicator means is activated upon receipt by the receiver of the at least one motion signal, and wherein the at least one illumination means is selectively activated by the activation signal transmitted by the remote transmitter means. 