A continuous environmental noise level recording and analysis system is provided. The system is capable of sampling, processing and storing Equivalent Sound Level values over a period of about two weeks. The recorded data is downloaded and analyzed to show graphs, and to automatically detect noise events of interest. The measurement system conforms to ANSI/IEC Type I or Type II standards for noise level monitoring
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for unattended noise monitoring, comprising: an analog section for detecting noise and for simultaneously weighting the noise through A- and C-frequency filters in accordance with national and international noise measurement standards; a processing section for converting the detected and weighted noise to one or more Leq data; a communications interface for remote control of, and data communication with, the processing section; and an analysis unit for displaying, processing and detecting events in the Leq data. 2. A system of claim 1, the processing section comprising firmware to control the noise monitoring unit. 3. A system of claim 1, the analog section further comprising logarithmic amplifiers for converting the detected and weighted noise to a range suitable for analog to digital conversion. 4. A system of claim 3, the processing section further comprising an analog to digital converter. 5. A system of claim 1, further comprising a display for displaying data from the processing section, the display being in communication with the processor. 6. A system of claim 1, further comprising a keypad for inputting data to the processing section, the keypad being in communication with the processor. 7. A system of claim 1, the processing section generating one or more of maximum, minimum, 1/10th percentile, 1/50th percentile, 1/90th percentile Leq data. 8. A system of claim 1, the processing section comprising memory for storing tip to about two weeks of the data. 9. A system of claim 1, further comprising a portable power supply for powering the sections. 10. A system of claim 9, the power supply comprising a rechargeable battery. 11. A system of claim 9, the power supply comprising solar power converters. 12. A system of claim 1, wherein the data comprises one-second equivalent averages of the noise. 13. A method for environmental noise level monitoring, comprising the steps of: detecting and converting sound waves into first and second identical analog electrical signals; filtering the first signal for A-weighted information and generating a third signal representing an envelope of the filtered A-weighted signal; filtering the second signal for C-weighted information and generating a fourth signal representing an envelope of the C-weighted filtered signal; compressing the third and fourth signals using logarithmic amplifiers into a range of logarithmic signals suitable for digitization; converting the logarithmic signals into digital data using an analog-to-digital converter; calculating 1-second Leq values for the digital data; calculating hourly averages of the Leq values; calculating one or more of maximum, minimum, 1/10th percentile, 1/50th percentile, 1/90th percentile Leq and time-weighted data; and storing the Leq and statistical data in non-volatile memory. 14. A method of claim 13, further comprising transferring stored data from the non-volatile memory to a noise analysis unit; displaying the transferred data in graphical form at the noise analysis unit; processing the transferred data to produce statistical information; and classifying noise events in the transferred data. 15. A software product having instructions, wherein the instructions, when executed by a computer, provide for environmental noise level analysis, comprising: Instructions for downloading Leq and statistical environmental noise data from a system for unattended noise monitoring; Instructions for storing the Leq and statistical environmental noise data on a PC as a text file; Instructions for displaying the Leq and statistical environmental noise data; and Instructions for isolating sound level events over a first user-defined threshold; Instructions for isolating a minimum time over a second user-defined threshold level, and Instructions for isolating a minimum LAeq to LCeq ratio. 16. The software product of claim 15, wherein the instructions for displaying the Leq and statistical data comprise: instructions for graphically displaying 1-second Leq sound data over a user-selected time period, and instructions for creating tables showing hourly and daily summaries of the 1-second Leq data. 17. The software product of claim 16, farther comprising instructions for zooming in to a user-selected time period in response to a user request. 18. The software product of claim 15 wherein the instructions for displaying the Leq and statistical data comprise instructions for graphically displaying 1-second, 10-second, 1-minute, 1-hour and 1-day averaging times for a user-selected time period. 19. The software product of claim 15 wherein the instructions for displaying the Leq and statistical data comprise instructions for displaying start time, end time, duration, Lmin, L90, L50, L10, Lmax, LAeq and LCeq for a user-selected time period. 