A holding device for an electronic thermometer, which has a solar cell and an electronic display formed an outer surface of the thermometer, comprises an elongated receiving body configured to allow exposure of the solar cell to receive solar energy therethrough when the thermometer is in the receiving body. The receiving body as inner and outer surfaces, which extend to a closed end and an opposite open end through which the thermometer is to be disposed. The inner surface is formed to complement the outer surface of the electronic thermometer to receive a portion of the thermometer disposed though the open end. The inner surface is formed adjacent the open end to complement and receive the display when the thermometer is disposed in the receiving body.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A thermometer assembly comprising: a solar powered thermometer having a solar cell and a convex electronic display on an outer surface thereof, the convex electronic display comprising a magnifying lense; and a holding device comprising an elongated receiving body configured to allow exposure of the solar cell to solar energy when the thermometer is disposed in the receiving body, the receiving body having inner and outer surfaces extending to a closed end and an opposite open end through which the thermometer is to be disposed, the inner surface of the holding device being formed to envelop the outer surface of the electronic thermometer and to receive a portion of the thermometer disposed through the open end, the inner surface being formed adjacent the open end to complement and receive the display when the thermometer is in the receiving body, the outer surface of the receiving body including a mounting element for fixedly mounting the holding device to a generally planar surface, the receiving body having a front wall, a rear wall, and side walls connecting the front and rear walls, the front wall having a convex slot configured to allow viewing the convex display of the thermometer, and the thermometer having a length which allows the receiving body to receive a first portion of the thermometer while at least a substantial portion of a second portion of the thermometer is disposed above the receiving body, when the thermometer is snugly received within the holding device, with the convex display being disposed on the first portion of the thermometer and the solar cell being disposed on the second portion of the thermometer such that at least a substantial portion of the solar cell is disposed above the receiving body, when the thermometer is snugly received within the holding device. 2. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the mounting element comprises a pressure sensitive adhesive. 3. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the mounting element includes at least one mounting screw extending from its outer surface for mounting to said surface. 4. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the receiving body further includes a support extending from the open end to provide support to a thermometer extending through the open end. 5. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the second portion is disposed entirely above the receiving body when the thermometer is snugly received within the holding device. 6. The assembly of claim 2, wherein the second portion is disposed entirely above the receiving body when the thermometer is snugly received within the holding device. 7. The assembly of claim 3, wherein the second portion is disposed entirely above the receiving body when the thermometer is snugly received within the holding device. 8. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the solar cell is disposed entirely above the receiving body when the thermometer is snugly received within the holding device. 9. The assembly of claim 2, wherein the solar cell is disposed entirely above the receiving body when the thermometer is snugly received within the holding device. 10. The assembly of claim 3, wherein the solar cell is disposed entirely above the receiving body when the thermometer is snugly received within the holding device. 