A trash compactor designed for public use is powered by a photovoltaic cell array. This allows the trash compactor to be placed in locations where no power is available, but with frequent human traffic. The compaction feature allows the unit to be emptied less often than a typical trash container. The trash compactor can include a storage system to store power for compaction cycles. A removable bin allows easy removal of the compacted trash. The removable bin can include multiple chambers for different trash types.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A storage container comprising: an enclosure; a photovoltaic panel located on an upper exterior surface of said enclosure, said photovoltaic panel positioned to be exposed to sunlight, to convert said received sunlight into electric power; a storage battery, located within said enclosure and electrically connected to said photovoltaic panel; a controlling component, electrically connected to said storage battery, said controlling component to monitor and control compactions performed by said storage container, wherein said controlling component will skip a compaction cycle when said storage battery is undercharged until an adequate charge has been attained; a compaction ram, located within said enclosure, said compaction ram positioned to travel along a preset path within said enclosure; a driving mechanism located within said enclosure and electrically connected to said controlling component, wherein said driving mechanism is coupled to said compaction ram, said driving mechanism to use electric power from said storage battery to move said compaction ram along said preset path within said enclosure; and an access door, located on said enclosure, said access door to allow user access within said enclosure; wherein items introduced into said enclosure by said access door settle into a removable bin, and wherein when said compaction ram travels along said preset path within said enclosure, said compaction ram compresses said items within said removable bin, and said compaction ram travels within at least a part of said removable bin. 2. The storage container of claim 1, wherein said compaction ram is outside of said removable bin at one end of said preset path. 3. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said removable bin includes wheels attached at a lower portion. 4. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said driving mechanism is disabled when said access door is open. 5. The storage container of claim 1 further including: a signaling mechanism, to provide an indication that said enclosure is substantially full of items. 6. The storage container of claim 1 further including: a signaling mechanism, to provide an indication that said enclosure is failing to operate properly. 7. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said removable bin includes multiple chambers. 8. The storage container of claim 7 wherein said compaction ram travels simultaneously within all of said multiple chambers. 9. A solar powered trash compactor comprising: an enclosure; a photovoltaic panel located on an angled upper exterior surface of said enclosure, said photovoltaic panel positioned to be exposed to sunlight, to convert said received sunlight into electric power; a storage battery, located within said enclosure and electrically connected to said photovoltaic panel; a controlling component, electrically connected to said storage battery, to monitor and control compactions, wherein said controlling component will skip a compaction cycle when said storage battery is undercharged until an adequate charge has been attained; an electric motor located within said enclosure and electrically connected to said controlling component, said electric motor connected to a chain drive mechanism, said chain drive mechanism also connected to a compaction ram, wherein said compaction ram, when moved by said chain drive mechanism, moves along a preset path within said enclosure; a removable bin, located within said enclosure, wherein items introduced into said enclosure by an access door settle into said removable bin, said removable bin positioned within said enclosure so that when said compaction ram travels along said preset path within said enclosure, said compaction ram travels within at least a part of said removable bin and compresses items within said removable bin; and a removable bin access door, located on said enclosure, to allow insertion and removal of said removable bin from said enclosure. 10. The storage container of claim 1, wherein said controlling component receives signals from a photoelectric sensor, providing an indication that said removable bin is full of items. 11. The solar trash compactor of claim 9, wherein said controlling component receives signals from a photoelectric sensor, providing an indication that said removable bin is full of items. 