A water cooler/water purification station that is portable, and small in size that is capable of cooling and purifying about 8 to 15 liters of water per hour between 3 to 10.degree. C. The water cooler/water purification station is equipped with an ultraviolet lamp which serves to kill bacteria in stagnant water. A removable kit is positioned in the top of the housing. The Kit includes various sensors, as well as, the UV lamp and an exit passageway 70 for treated water.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A portable liquid cooler/purification station comprising: a housing including a reservoir therein adapted for receiving a liquid; a removable kit assembly including an ultraviolet light source for mounting within said housing for exposing the liquid in said reservoir to ultraviolet light for destroying bacteria disposed in said liquid, said removable kit assembly being positioned in a top portion of said housing and being removably mounted relative thereto for servicing the removable kit assembly while not requiring draining of the liquid from the housing; a probe mounted on said removable kit assembly for measuring the temperature of the liquid; an ultraviolet light sensor included in said removable kit assembly for generating an appropriate signal to cause said ultraviolet light source to discontinue emitting ultraviolet radiation depending on the quality of the liquid; power supply means for providing electrical power to said ultraviolet light source, said power supply means being operatively connected to said removable kit assembly to permit said removable kit assembly to be removed from the housing for servicing; a mechanical float for detecting the quantity of liquid in the reservoir for automatically closing after a predetermined quantity of liquid has been replenished to the reservoir; means for evacuation of air from the housing; a treated water passageway included in the removable kit assembly for the exit of treated water; a sediment filter and a carbon media filter being operatively connected to the removable kit for filtering the liquid, and a reverse-osmosis filter in case of polluted water; and a refrigeration system including a compressor for cooling the liquid. 2. The portable liquid cooler/purification station according to claim 1, wherein said power supply means for providing electrical power operates on continuous current. 3. The portable liquid cooler/purification station according to claim 1, wherein said power supply means for providing electrical power operates on alternating current. 4. The portable liquid cooler/purification station according to claim 1, wherein said power supply means for providing electrical power operates on solar power. 5. The portable liquid cooler/purification station according to claim 1, wherein the station can be totally disassembled for cleaning. 6. The portable liquid cooler/purification system according to claim 1, wherein said ultraviolet light source is immersed in liquid during operation such that said ultraviolet light source is in thermal contact. 