An auxiliary rear view mirror assembly for increasing a driver's lateral and rearward field of vision without adversely affecting the driver's forward field of vision. The auxiliary rear view mirror assembly is mounted at the rear of a vehicle in a location which is visible in a main rear view mirror of the vehicle. The auxiliary rear view mirror assembly is comprised of a pair of auxiliary rear view mirrors which are independently selectively adjustable about a pair of axes and selectively adjustable about a second axis which is in orthogonal relationship to the first pair of axis. In a first embodiment, the auxiliary rear view mirror assembly is mounted on a rear window of the vehicle. In a second embodiment, the auxiliary rear view mirror assembly is mounted on a rear brake light. In a third embodiment, the auxiliary rear view mirror assembly is combined with a rear brake light and is remotely adjustable by a set of controls which are accessible to the driver.
Claims What we claim is new is: 1. An auxiliary rear view mirror assembly for a vehicle adapted to be mounted on an inside surface of a rear window of said vehicle, said auxiliary rear view mirror assembly comprising: a base structure for mounting said auxiliary rear view mirror assembly on said inside surface of said rear window, said base structure having a U-shaped first bracket, said first bracket having a wall for mounting said base structure on said inside surface of said rear window and a pair of depending side walls for attaching a second bracket to said first bracket to manually rotate a pair of diverging auxiliary rear view mirrors and said second bracket about a horizontal axis and to rotate each of said pair of diverging mirrors about a second axis which is in orthogonal relationship to said horizontal axis, said second bracket having a U-shaped portion for attaching said second bracket to said first bracket and a depending wall for mounting said pair of auxiliary rear view mirrors to said second bracket and to independently rotate each of said diverging auxiliary rear view mirrors about said second axis which is in orthogonal relationship to said horizontal axis; each of said pair of diverging auxiliary rear view mirrors being viewable in a main rear view mirror of said vehicle by a forward facing driver of said vehicle to increase said drivers field of vision at a rear of said vehicle without adversely affecting said driver's forward field of vision; and a hood mounted above said mirrors for preventing solar rays and headlight rays from other vehicles from reflecting into the driver's eyes. 2. The auxiliary rear view mirror assembly recited in claim 1 wherein said auxiliary rear view mirrors are circular shaped mirrors. 3. The auxiliary rear view mirror assembly recited in claim 2 wherein said circular auxiliary rear view mirrors are convex shaped mirrors. 