A dual channel source measurement unit for reliability testing of electrical devices provides a voltage stress stimulus to a device under test and monitors degradation to the device under test caused by the stress simulator. The dual channel source measurement unit decouples the stress and monitor portions of the unit so that the requirements of each can be optimized. Deglitching and current clamp switches can be incorporated in the dual channel source measurement unit to prevent glitches in the switching circuitry and to limit or clamp current flow to or from the monitor and stress sources.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A dual channel source measurement unit for testing a plurality of electrical devices comprising: a monitor source unit for providing a programmable monitor voltage and including means for measuring current through the monitor source unit when connected to an electrical device under test, a stress source unit for providing a programmable stress voltage and including a plurality of buffers, a plurality of switches connected to the plurality of buffers for selectively switching a plurality of electrical devices under test in parallel to the stress source unit and switching serially a device under test to the monitor source unit, whereby the plurality of devices under test are stressed while test measurements are made on another device under test, the plurality of switches comprising a plurality of toggle switches and a plurality of deglitcher switches where each deglitcher switch is serially connected with a toggle switch and includes two serially connected transistors and conduction biasing circuitry for turning on the transistors. 2. The dual channel source measurement unit as defined by claim 1 wherein the conduction biasing circuitry includes a resistor-capacitor network for effecting a conduction time period for the transistors. 3. The dual channel source measurement unit as defined by claim 2 wherein the conduction biasing circuitry includes two resistors serially connecting the two transistors with voltage at a common terminal of the two resistors coupled to the resistor-capacitor network to limit bias on one of the two transistors and clamp current through the two transistors. 4. The dual channel source measurement unit as defined by claim 1 wherein the conduction biasing circuitry is controlled by a digital signal applied through a photovoltaic isolator to the conduction biasing circuitry. 5. A dual channel source measurement unit for testing electrical devices comprising: a monitor source unit for providing a programmable monitor voltage, a stress source unit for providing a programmable stress voltage, a plurality of switches for selectively switching a plurality of electrical devices under test in parallel to the stress source unit and switching serially a single device under test to the monitor source unit, whereby the plurality of devices under test are stressed while test measurements are made on the single device under test, and wherein the plurality of switches comprise a plurality of deglitcher switches whereby each deglitcher switch is coupled one of the devices under test and includes two serially connected transistors and conduction biasing circuitry for turning on the transistors. 6. The dual channel source measurement unit as defined by claim 5 wherein the conduction biasing circuitry includes a resistor-capacitor network for effecting a conduction time period for the transistors. 7. The dual channel source measurement unit as defined by claim 6 wherein the conduction biasing circuitry includes two resistors serially connecting the two transistors with voltage at a common terminal of the two resistors coupled to the resistor-capacitor network to limit bias on one of the two transistors and clamp current through the two transistors. 8. The dual channel source measurement unit as defined by claim 5 wherein the conduction biasing circuitry is controlled by a digital signal applied through a photovoltaic isolator to the conduction biasing circuitry. 