The disclosed embodiments provide a method and apparatus for visual enhancement of liquid crystal displays. A microprocessor or embedded microcontroller associated with visual enhancement circuit modules allows a single inverter to control the intensity of illumination for an array of multiple CCFLs. The microcontroller continuously senses the operating currents of every lamp and adjusts for variations in illumination of individual lamps by parallel switching of capacitance that ensures an equal current is applied to each lamp. The microcontroller produces the appropriate control signals and executes a digital servo control algorithm to modify the currents for carrying out the luminance adjustments.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of current control comprising: supplying a drive current to a multiple device array from only one drive current source; sensing a value of operating current from each device of the multiple device array; and reducing the operating current of each device in the multiple device array independently from variation in the operating current of every other device in the multiple device array in response to the sensed value of operating current by switching a combination of capacitors to reduce the drive current. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising including an inverter as the drive current source and cold cathode fluorescent lamps as the multiple device array. 3. The method of claim 1 further comprising including a driver as the drive current source and light emitting diodes as the multiple device array. 4. An apparatus for current control comprising: only one drive current source for supplying a drive current to a multiple device array; sensors for sensing a value of operating current from each device of the multiple device array; a microcontroller for receiving the sensed value of operating current and for generating a current control signal for each device of the multiple device array; and a current control circuit for reducing the operating current of each device in the multiple device array independently from variation in the operating current of every other device in the multiple device array in response to the current control signal by switching a combination of capacitors to reduce the drive current. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 further comprising an inverter as the drive current source and cold cathode fluorescent lamps as the multiple device array. 6. The apparatus of claim 4 further comprising a driver as the drive current source and light emitting diodes as the multiple device array. 7. A method for controlling intensity of illumination of a device comprising: receiving a current control signal from a microcontroller; generating a voltage control signal that is isolated from the current control signal; filtering the voltage control signal to produce a filtered voltage control signal; applying the filtered voltage control signal to a transistor to limit an alternating current in response to the current control signal; and conducting both polarities of the alternating current from a diode bridge through the transistor to control intensity of illumination of a device. 8. The method of claim 7 further comprising operating the transistor in linear mode. 9. The method of claim 7 further comprising operating the transistor in switched mode. 10. The method of claim 7 further comprising including cold cathode fluorescent lamps as the multiple device array. 11. A circuit for controlling intensity of illumination comprising: an isolator for receiving a current control signal from a microcontroller and for generating an isolated voltage control signal from the current control signal; a filter for filtering the voltage control signal to produce a filtered voltage control signal; a transistor for limiting an alternating current in response to the filtered voltage control signal; and a diode bridge for conducting both polarities of the alternating current through the transistor to a device. 12. The circuit of claim 11 further comprising an optical isolator as the isolator. 13. The circuit of claim 11 further comprising a photovoltaic converter as the isolator to convert the current control signal to a proportional light output and to convert the proportional light output to the isolated voltage control signal. 14. A method for controlling intensity of illumination comprising: supplying a drive current to a multiple device array from a single power source; sensing a value of operating current from each device in the multiple device array; generating a separate current control signal from the sensed value of operating current for each device in the multiple device array; and applying the current control signal to a plurality of switches coupled to each device in the multiple device array to reduce the operating current of each device in the multiple device array independently from variation in the operating current of every other device in the multiple device array in response to the current control signal by reducing the drive current. 15. The method of clam 14 further comprising including a cold cathode fluorescent lamp as each device in the multiple device array. 16. The method of claim 14 further comprising including a light emitting diode as each device in the multiple device array. 17. A circuit for controlling intensity of illumination comprising: a single power source for supplying a drive current to a multiple device array; sensors for sensing a value of operating current from each device in the multiple device array; a microcontroller for receiving the value of operating current and for generating a separate current control signal from the sensed value of operating current for each device in the multiple device array; and switches coupled to each device in the multiple device array for reducing the operating current of each device in the multiple device array independently from variation in the operating current of every other device in the multiple device array in response to the current control signal by reducing the drive current. 18. The circuit of claim 17 further comprising a cold cathode fluorescent lamp as each device in the multiple device array. 19. The circuit of claim 17 further comprising a light emitting diode as each device in the multiple device array. 20. The circuit of claim 17 further comprising a backlight for a liquid crystal display as the multiple device array. 21. The circuit of claim 17 further comprising a software module executed by the microcontroller for maintaining a predetermined luminance set point for each device in the multiple device array. 22. The circuit of claim 17 further comprising a software module executed by the microcontroller for varying light output of a selected portion of the multiple device array to create visual effects. 23. The circuit of claim 17 further comprising a software module executed by the microcontroller for supporting a graphical user interface to perform initial current settings and to override servo control algorithm maintenance settings. 