The disclosed embodiments provide a method and apparatus for optimizing power efficiency in liquid crystal displays. A microprocessor or embedded microcontroller associated with circuit control modules eliminates redundancy by allowing a single inverter to equalize the intensity of illumination for an array of multiple CCFLs. The microcontroller optimizes power management by continuously sensing the operating currents of every lamp and automatically adjusts for variations in illumination of individual lamps by parallel switching of capacitance that ensures an equal current is applied to each lamp. The microcontroller produces the appropriate control signals and executes a digital servo control algorithm to modify the currents for carrying out the luminance adjustments.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of power control comprising: supplying a drive current to a multiple device array from a only one drive current source; sensing a value of operating current from each device of the multiple device array; and reducing the operating current of each device in the multiple device array independently from variation in the operating current of every other device in the multiple device array in response to the sensed value of operating current by switching a combination of capacitors to reduce the drive current to conserve power consumption. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising including an inverter as the drive current source and cold cathode fluorescent lamps as the multiple device array. 3. The method of claim 1 further comprising including a driver as the drive current source and light emitting diodes as the multiple device array. 4. An apparatus for power control comprising: only one drive current source for supplying a drive current to a multiple device array; sensors for sensing a value of operating current from each device of the multiple device array; a microcontroller for receiving the sensed value of operating current and for generating a separate power conserving current control signal for each device of the multiple device array; and a current control circuit for conserving power consumption by reducing the operating current of each device in the multiple device array independently from variation in the operating current of every other device in the multiple device array in response to the current control signal by switching a combination of capacitors to reduce the drive current. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 further comprising an inverter as the drive current source and cold cathode fluorescent lamps as the multiple device array. 6. The apparatus of claim 4 further comprising a driver as the drive current source and light emitting diodes as the multiple device array. 7. A method for power control comprising: receiving a power conserving current control signal from a microcontroller; generating a power conserving voltage control signal that is isolated from the power conserving current control signal; filtering the power conserving voltage control signal to produce a filtered power conserving voltage control signal; conserving power consumption by applying the filtered power conserving voltage control signal to a transistor to limit a power efficient alternating current in response to the power conserving current control signal; and conducting both polarities of the power efficient alternating current from a diode bridge through the transistor to a device. 8. The method of claim 7 further comprising operating the transistor in linear mode. 9. The method of claim 7 further comprising operating the transistor in switched mode. 10. The method of claim 7 further comprising including cold cathode fluorescent lamps as the multiple device array. 11. A circuit for power control comprising: an isolator for receiving a power conserving current control signal from a microcontroller and for generating an isolated a power conserving voltage control signal from the power conserving current control signal; a filter for filtering the power conserving voltage control signal to produce a filtered power conserving voltage control signal; a transistor for limiting a power efficient alternating current in response to the filtered power conserving voltage control signal; and a diode bridge for conducting both polarities of the power efficient alternating current through the transistor to a device. 12. The circuit of claim 11 further comprising an optical isolator as the isolator. 13. The circuit of claim 11 further comprising a photovoltaic converter as the isolator to convert the current control signal to a proportional light output and to convert the proportional light output to the power conserving voltage control signal. 14. A method for power control comprising: supplying a drive current to a multiple device array from a single power source; sensing a value of operating current from each device in the multiple device array; generating a separate power conserving current control signal from the sensed value of operating current for each device in the multiple device array; and applying the power conserving current control signal to a plurality of switches coupled to each device in the multiple device array to reduce a power efficient operating current of each device in the multiple device array independently from variation in the operating current of every other device in the multiple device array in response to the power conserving current control signal by reducing the drive current to conserve power consumption. 15. The method of claim 14 further comprising including a cold cathode fluorescent lamp as each device in the multiple device array. 16. The method of claim 14 further comprising including a light emitting diode as each device in the multiple device array. 17. A circuit for power control comprising: a single power source for supplying a drive current to a multiple device array; sensors for sensing a value of operating current from each device in the multiple device array; a microcontroller for receiving the sensed value of operating current and for generating a separate power conserving current control signal from the sensed value of operating current for each device in the multiple device array; and switches coupled to each device in the multiple device array for reducing a power efficient operating current of each device in the multiple device array independently from variation in the operating current of every other device in the multiple device array in response to the power conserving current control signal by reducing the drive current. 18. The circuit of claim 17 further comprising a cold cathode fluorescent lamp as each device in the multiple device array. 19. The circuit of claim 17 further comprising a light emitting diode as each device in the multiple device array. 20. The circuit of claim 17 further comprising a backlight of a liquid crystal display as the multiple device array. 21. The circuit of claim 17 further comprising a software module executed by the microcontroller for maintaining a predetermined luminance set point for each device in the multiple device array. 22. The circuit of claim 17 further comprising a software module executed by the microcontroller for varying light output of a selected portion of the multiple device array to create visual effects. 23. The circuit of claim 17 further comprising a software module executed by the microcontroller for supporting a graphical user interface to perform initial current settings and to override servo control algorithm maintenance settings. 24. A method of power control for multiple devices comprising: generating a high frequency pulse width modulated power control signal with a high frequency clock; generating a low frequency pulse width modulated power control signal with a low frequency clock; sensing output feedback information for each of the multiple devices in a multiple device array; using the feedback information to determine optimal pulse width timing modification values for the high and low frequency pulse width modulated power control signals by applying a digital power conservation algorithm executed by a microcontroller; modifying the pulse widths of the high and low frequency power control signals according to the determined modification values to produce optimized high and low frequency pulse width modulated power control signals; and, routing the optimized high and low frequency pulse width modulated power control signals to an inverter switching circuit for driving each of the multiple devices. 25. The method of claim 24 wherein the digital power conservation algorithm is continuously executed. 26. An apparatus for power control of multiple devices comprising: a high frequency clock for generating a high frequency pulse width modulated power control signal; a low frequency clock for generating a low frequency pulse width modulated power control signal; sensors for sensing output feedback information for each device in a multiple device array; a microcontroller for executing a digital power conservation algorithm using the feedback information to determine optimal pulse width timing modification values for the high and low frequency pulse width modulated power control signals; pulse width modulator generators for modifying the pulse widths of the high and low frequency power control signals according to the determined modification values to produce optimized high and low frequency pulse width modulated power control signals; and, logic gates for routing the optimized high and low frequency pulse width modulated power control signals to an inverter switching circuit for driving each device. 