A convertible dock ramp has an upper end for being pivotally mounted to a mounting structure, and a lower end for resting on a second structure. The convertible dock ramp includes a pair of spaced-apart side frames each including upper and lower rails; and a plurality of steps each including a tread surface. The steps are pivotally mounted between the side frames such that the tread surfaces remain substantially parallel to each other as the side frames pivot about the upper end. The steps are pivotable between: a ramp configuration in which the tread surfaces collectively form a substantially flat ramp surface; and a stair configuration in which the tread surfaces collectively form a staircase-like structure. A changeover mechanism selectively retains the convertible dock ramp in the ramp configuration or the stair configuration. A safety stair tread deflects upward as needed to prevent trapping a user's foot.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A convertible dock ramp having an upper end for being pivotally mounted to a mounting structure, and a lower end for resting on a second structure, said convertible dock ramp comprising: a pair of spaced-apart side frames each including substantially parallel upper and lower rails; and a plurality of steps each including a tread surface, said steps pivotally mounted between said side frames such that said tread surfaces are maintained substantially parallel to each other as said side frames pivot about said upper end, said steps further being pivotable between: a ramp configuration in which said tread surfaces collectively form a substantially flat ramp surface; and a stair configuration in which said tread surfaces collectively form a staircase-like structure; and a changeover mechanism for retaining said steps in a selected one of said ramp configuration and said stair configuration, while allowing said dock ramp to pivot about said upper end regardless of whether said steps are in said ramp configuration or said stair configuration, and further allowing said steps to pivot to remain substantially parallel to each other as said side frames pivot about said upper end, when said steps are in said stair configuration. 2. The convertible dock ramp of claim 1 in which: said upper rails are mounted for pivotal motion about upper ends thereof, relative to said mounting structure, at a first hinge point; and said upper and lower rails are moveable between: a first position with said upper rails and said lower rails are in contact such that said tread surfaces are in said ramp configuration; and a second position with said lower rails spaced away from said upper rails such that said tread surfaces are in said stair configuration. 3. The convertible dock ramp of claim 2 in which said lower rails are mounted for pivotal motion about upper ends thereof, relative to said mounting structure, at a second hinge point; and in which said changeover mechanism comprises: a lock bar slidably mounted relative to said mounting structure, for movement between: a retracted position in which said upper and lower rails are allowed to move to said first position; and an extended position in which said upper and lower rails are forced to said second position. 4. The convertible dock ramp of claim 3 further comprising a control lever pivotably attached to said lock bar such that pivoting motion of said control lever causes sliding motion of said lock bar. 5. The convertible dock ramp of claim 4 further comprising means for retaining said control lever in a desired position. 6. The convertible dock ramp of claim 2 in which said lower rails are mounted for pivotal motion about upper ends thereof, relative to said mounting structure, at a second hinge point; and said changeover mechanism comprises: a hinge rod extending laterally between said upper ends of said lower rails; a laterally-extending control shaft carrying a radially-extending control arm, said control shaft pivotably mounted relative to said mounting structure, for movement between: a released position in which said control arm allows said upper and lower rails to move to said first position; and an extended position in which said control arm upper bears against said hinge rod to force said upper and lower rails to said second position. 7. The convertible dock ramp of claim 6 further comprising a lock arm having a hook, said lock arm pivotally mounted on one of said upper or lower rails so as to selectively engage a protruding stud disposed on the other of said upper and lower rails, such that said rails are locked in said first position. 8. The convertible dock ramp of claim 2 in which said changeover mechanism comprises: an actuator extending between said upper and lower rails, said actuator selectively moveable between: a retracted position in which said upper and lower rails are disposed in said first position; and a extended position in which said upper and lower rails are forced to said second position. 9. The convertible dock ramp of claim 8 in which said actuator is electrically powered. 10. The convertible dock ramp of claim 9 in which said actuator resists deviation from a selected position when electrical power is removed from said actuator. 11. The convertible dock ramp of claim 9 further comprising: a battery operably connected to said actuator for supplying electric power thereto; and a solar cell operably connected to said battery for charging said battery. 12. The convertible dock ramp of claim 10 further comprising: a first switch disposed near an upper end of said convertible dock ramp and operably connected to said actuator for controlling motion of said actuator between said retracted and extended positions; and a second switch disposed near a lower end of said convertible dock ramp and operably connected to said actuator for controlling motion of said actuator between said retracted and extended positions. 13. The convertible dock ramp of claim 1 wherein each of said steps includes: a substructure adapted to be pivotably attached to said side frames; and a plate defining said tread surface pivotably attached to said substructure such that: said plate is supported by said substructure when a downward force is applied thereto, and said plate pivots freely away from said substructure when an upward force is applied thereto. 14. A convertible dock ramp having an upper end for being pivotally mounted to a mounting structure, and a lower end for resting on a second structure, said convertible dock ramp comprising: a pair of spaced-apart side frames each including substantially parallel upper and lower rails; and a plurality of steps each including a tread surface, said steps pivotally mounted between said side frames such that said tread surfaces are maintained substantially parallel to each other as said side frames pivot about said upper end, said steps further being pivotable between: a ramp configuration in which said tread surfaces collectively form a substantially flat ramp surface; and a stair configuration in which said tread surfaces collectively form a staircase-like structure; wherein each of said steps includes: a substructure adapted to be pivotably attached to said side frames; and a plate defining said tread surface pivotably attached to said substructure such that: said plate is supported by said substructure when a downward force is applied thereto, and said plate pivots freely away from said substructure when an upward force is applied thereto. 15. The convertible dock ramp of claim 14 wherein of said step substructures includes a pair of spaced-apart side plates connected by a laterally-extending crossbar. 16. The convertible dock ramp of claim 14 further including a changeover mechanism for selectively retaining said convertible dock ramp in said ramp configuration or said stair configuration. 17. The convertible dock ramp of claim 16 in which: said upper rails are mounted for pivotal motion about upper ends thereof, relative to said mounting structure, at a first hinge point; said upper and lower rails are moveable between: a first position in contact with said upper rails such that said tread surfaces are in said ramp configuration; and a second position spaced away from said upper rails such that said tread surfaces are in said stair configuration. 18. The convertible dock ramp of claim 16 in which said lower rails are mounted for pivotal motion about upper ends thereof, relative to said mounting structure, at a second hinge point; and in which said changeover mechanism comprises: a lock bar slidably mounted relative to said mounting structure, for movement between: a retracted position in which said upper and lower rails are allowed to move to said first position; and an extended position in which said upper and lower rails are forced to said second position. 19. The convertible dock ramp of claim 18 in further comprising a control lever pivotably attached to said lock bar such that pivoting motion of said control lever causes sliding motion of said lock bar. 20. The convertible dock ramp of claim 19 further comprising means for retaining said control lever in a desired position. 21. The convertible dock ramp of claim 16 in which said lower rails are mounted for pivotal motion about upper ends thereof, relative to said mounting structure, at a second hinge point; and said changeover mechanism comprises: a hinge rod extending laterally between said upper ends of said lower rails; a laterally-extending control shaft carrying a radially-extending control arm, said control shaft pivotably mounted relative to said mounting structure, for movement between: a released position in which said control arm allows said upper and lower rails to move to said first position; and an extended position in which said control arm upper bears against said hinge rod to force said upper and lower rails are forced to said second position. 22. The convertible dock ramp of claim 21 further comprising a lock arm having a hook, said lock arm pivotally mounted on one of said upper or lower rails so as to selectively engage a protruding stud disposed on the other of said upper and lower rails, such that said rails are locked in said first position. 23. The convertible dock ramp of claim 16 in which said changeover mechanism comprises: an actuator extending between said upper and lower rails, said actuator selectively moveable between: a retracted position in which said upper and lower rails are disposed in said first position; and an extended position in which said upper and lower rails are forced to said second position. 24. The convertible dock ramp of claim 23 in which said actuator is electrically powered. 25. The convertible dock ramp of claim 24 in which said actuator resists deviation from a selected position when electrical power is removed from said actuator. 26. The convertible dock ramp of claim 24 further comprising: a battery operably connected to said actuator for supplying electric power thereto; and a solar cell operably connected to said battery for charging said battery. 27. The convertible dock ramp of claim 24 further comprising: a first switch disposed near an upper end of said convertible dock ramp and operably connected to said actuator for controlling motion of said actuator between said retracted and extended positions; and a second switch disposed near a lower end of said convertible dock ramp and operably connected to said actuator for controlling motion of said actuator between said retracted and extended positions. 