A garden light assembly including a solar cell assembly adapted for supplying electric current, at least one light mounted on a mounting plate and in electrical communication with the solar cell assembly, and a refractor/reflector positioned to reflect outwards light rays emanating from the at least one light, the refractor/reflector including a curved surface concavely curved with respect to the at least one light.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Apparatus comprising: a garden light assembly comprising a solar cell assembly adapted for supplying electric current, at least one tight mounted on a mounting plate and in electrical communication with said solar cell assembly, and a reflector positioned to reflect outwards light rays emanating from said at least one light, said reflector comprising a curved surface concavely curved with respect to said at least one light, and an optical accessory positioned between said at least one light and said reflector adapted to modulate light rays emanating from said at least one light. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said curved surface is white. 3. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said curved surface is mirrored. 4. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said optical accessory comprises a focusing lens. 5. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a light diffuser through which pass light rays reflected from said reflector. 6. The apparatus according to claim 5, wherein said light diffuser has a light transmission in a range from transparent to translucent. 7. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a sealing element that seals said reflector with respect to other elements of said apparatus against passage of liquid therethrough. 8. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the curved surface of said reflector has a parabolic curve. 9. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a mounting pole that supports said mounting plate and said reflector. 10. Apparatus comprising: a garden light assembly comprising a solar cell assembly adapted for supplying electric current, a plurality of lights mounted on a mounting plate and in electrical communication with said solar cell assembly, and a reflector positioned to reflect outwards light rays emanating from said lights, said reflector comprising a curved surface concavely curved with respect to said lights, wherein said reflector has a longitudinal axis generally perpendicular to said mounting plate and said lights are positioned on the mounting plate about said longitudinal axis. 11. The apparatus according to claim 10, wherein said lights do not touch said reflector. 12. The apparatus according to claim 10, wherein a periphery of the curved surface about said longitudinal axis is conical. 13. The apparatus according to claim 10, wherein said lights are symmetrically positioned on the mounting plate about said longitudinal axis. 