A carrier for use in processing of a plurality of wafers or other substrates includes a support frame on which the wafers are mounted and in one embodiment at least one auxiliary frame for holding the substrates on the support frame. A plurality of clips extend from the auxiliary frame and engage the substrates in pressure engagement, and fasteners retain the auxiliary frame in position with respect to the support frame. In one embodiment two auxiliary frames can be employed for holding wafers on opposing surfaces of the support frame. The support frame has electrically non-conducting surfaces whereby the processing does not affect the support frame, and the auxiliary frame is made of electrically non-conductive material. The clips are electrically conductive and bridge current from the support frame to the wafers during plating operations. In another embodiment, auxiliary frame are not used and the wafer retention clips are mounted on the support frame. In use, the carrier can support a high number of units for processing with no significant mechanical stress being transferred to the wafers during loading and unloading from the carrier. The carriers and wafers can be transferred easily for different chemical baths and can be handled safely during rinsing and drying steps.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A carrier for use in electroplating a plurality of substrates comprising: a) a support frame having electrically non-conducting surfaces on which the substrates are mounted, b) at least one auxiliary frame for holding the substrates on the support frame, c) a plurality of clips extending from the auxiliary frame and engaging the substrates in pressure engagement on the support frame, and d) fasteners for retaining the auxiliary frame and substrates in position on the support frame. 2. The carrier as defined by claim 1 wherein the auxiliary frame is made of electrically conductive material. 3. The carrier as defined by claim 1 wherein the auxiliary frame is made of electrically non-conductive material. 4. The carrier as defined by claim 3 wherein the clips are electrically conductive and bridge current from the support frame to the substrates. 5. The carrier as defined by claim 4 and including two auxiliary frames for holding substrates on opposing surfaces of the support frame. 6. The carrier as defined by claim 5 wherein the fasteners comprise screws. 7. The carrier as defined by claim 5 wherein the clips are attached to the auxiliary frame by means of heat stake bolts having a polygon cross-section which mate with polygon openings to limit turning of the heat stake bolts on the auxiliary frame. 8. The carrier as defined by claim 5 wherein the support frame has openings where substrates are mounted. 9. The carrier as defined by claim 5 wherein the fasteners comprise retention pins extending from the support frame and slider members mounted on the auxiliary frames for slidably engaging the retention pins. 10. The carrier as defined by claim 1 and including two auxiliary frames for holding substrates on opposing surfaces of the support frame. 11. The carrier as defined by claim 10 wherein the fasteners comprise screws. 12. The carrier as defined by claim 10 wherein the clips are attached to the auxiliary frame by means of heat stake bolts having a polygon cross-section which mate with polygon openings to limit turning of the heat stake bolts on the auxiliary frame. 13. The carrier as defined by claim 10 wherein the support frame has openings where substrates are mounted. 14. The carrier as defined by claim 10 wherein the fasteners comprise retention pins extending from the support frame and slider members mounted on the auxiliary frames for slidably engaging the retention pins. 15. The carrier as defined by claim 1 wherein the support frame has openings where substrates are mounted. 16. The carrier as defined by claim 1 wherein the support frame comprises a plurality of layers of laminated stainless steel sheets. 17. The carrier as defined by claim 1 wherein the auxiliary frame comprises a laminated plastic material. 18. The carrier as defined by claim 1 wherein the support frame comprises an electrically non-conductive material and the at least one auxiliary frame comprises a an electrically conductive material. 19. A carrier for use in electroplating a plurality of substrates comprising: a) a support frame on which the substrates are mounted, b) at least one auxiliary frame for holding the substrates on the support frame, c) a plurality of clips extending from the auxiliary frame and engaging the substrates in pressure engagement on the support frame, and d) fasteners for retaining the auxiliary frame and substrates in position on the support frame the fasteners comprising retention pins extending from the support frame and slider members mounted on the auxiliary frame for slidably engaging the retention pins. 20. A carrier for use in electroplating of semiconductor wafers, such as solar cells, comprising: a) a support frame having openings for receiving wafers in which a plurality of semiconductor wafers can be mounted in rows and columns, each opening including an insert which engages a wafer, and b) a plurality of clips for retaining the semiconductor wafers in the openings of the frame. 21. The carrier as defined by claim 20 wherein the carrier and clips provide a path for electrical current to the wafers during electroplating. 22. The carrier as defined by claim 21 wherein the clips are attached to the support frame. 23. The carrier as defined by claim 21 and further including at least one auxiliary frame for use in retaining wafers on the support frame. 24. The carrier as defined by claim 23 wherein the clips are attached to the auxiliary frame. 25. The carrier as defined by claim 23 wherein the support frame comprises a plurality of layers of laminated stainless steel sheets. 26. The carrier as defined by claim 23 wherein the auxiliary frame comprises a laminated plastic material. 27. The carrier as defined by claim 23 wherein the fastener comprises retention pins extending from the support frame and a slider member mounted on the auxiliary frame for slidably engaging the retention pins. 28. The carrier as defined by claim 20 wherein each clip comprises a spring selected from the group of springs consisting of torsion spring, coil spring, upset and cantilever. 29. The carrier as defined by claim 20 wherein the support frame comprises a plurality of layers of laminated stainless steel sheets. 30. A method of electroplating a plurality of solar cell semiconductor wafers comprising the steps of: a) mounting the wafers with an auxiliary frame on a support frame whereby electrical current is passed through the frame to the wafers, and b) placing the frame and the wafers in an electroplating bath for simultaneous electroplating of all semiconductor wafers. 31. The method as defined by claim 30 wherein step a) further includes the use of clips attached to the auxiliary frame for pressure engagement of wafers on the support frame. 32. The method as defined by claim 31 wherein step b) further includes passing an electrical current through the support frame and the clips to wafers during electroplating of the wafers. 33. The method as defined by claim 31 wherein step a) further includes the use of fasteners with polygon cross-sections which mate with polygon openings to limit turning of the heat stake bolts on the auxiliary frame. 34. The method as defined by claim 33 wherein the polygon is a square. 