A mailbox includes a body having an interior cavity and an opening, a lid connected to the body and covering the opening, a first viewing window in one of the body and the lid and a light dispersion element for dispersing light through the interior cavity of the body so as to allow one to see the contents of the mailbox without opening the lid.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A mailbox, comprising: a body having an interior cavity and an opening; a lid connected to the body and covering said opening; a first viewing window in one of said body and said lid; a prism for dispersing light through said interior cavity of said body; and a first adjustable stalk, said prism being held on said first adjustable stalk. 2. The mailbox of claim 1, further including a second adjustable stalk and a second prism held on said second adjustable stalk. 3. The mailbox of claim 2, wherein said first and second adjustable stalks include a mounting sleeve secured to said body of said mailbox. 4. The mailbox of claim 3, wherein said first and second adjustable stalks are pivotally received in said mounting sleeve. 5. The mailbox of claim 1, wherein said first adjustable stalk includes a mounting sleeve secured to said body of said mailbox. 6. The mailbox of claim 5, further including a light source carried on said first adjustable stalk adjacent said prism. 7. The mailbox of claim 6, further including a battery compartment and a battery for powering said light source. 8. The mailbox of claim 7, further including a switch for activating said light source. 9. The mailbox of claim 8, further including a solar cell for charging said battery. 10. The mailbox of claim 1, further including a second viewing window in one of said body and said first lid. 11. A mailbox, comprising: a body having an interior cavity and an opening; a lid connected to the body and covering said opening; a first viewing window in one of said body and said lid; a light dispersion element for dispersing light through said interior cavity of said body; and a hand tool including a handle, a shaft and a grabbing element for opening said lid. 12. The mailbox of claim 11, further including a light source carried on one of said body and said lid. 13. The mailbox of claim 12, further including a battery compartment and battery for powering said light source. 14. The mailbox of claim 13, further including a switch for activating said light source and a solar cell for charging said battery. 15. The mailbox of claim 11, wherein said grabbing element includes a head having a first face including a first series of ribs and notches. 16. The mailbox of claim 15, wherein said lid includes a handle including a second series of ribs and notches for cooperatively receiving said first series of ribs and notches. 17. The mailbox of claim 16, further including a tie strap for securing said hand tool to said mailbox. 18. A mailbox, comprising: a body having an interior cavity and an opening; a lid connected to the body and covering said opening; a first viewing window in one of said body and said lid; a prism for dispersing light through said interior cavity of said body; and a hand tool including a handle, a shaft and a grabbing element for opening said lid. 19. The mailbox of claim 18, wherein said prism is mounted in an aperture in one of said body, said lid and said first viewing window. 20. The mailbox of claim 18, further including a first adjustable stalk, said prism being held on said first adjustable stalk. 