An electronic circuit arrangement for switching an electrical load disposed intermediate a power source and a ground includes a combinatorial logic block for receiving and processing at least one condition signal and for generating a first enabling signal. A biasing element generates a bias voltage upon receiving the first enabling signal. A first switch disposed intermediate the electrical load and the power source conducts upon application of the bias voltage enabling passage of an electrical supply current from the power source to the electrical load. A fail-safe circuit operation is achieved with the use of a microprocessor which generates a second enabling signal feeding into the biasing element and a second switch disposed intermediate the electrical load and the ground and which conducts upon application of a third enabling signal from the microprocessor thus enabling passage of the electrical supply current to ground. First and second feedback circuits monitor the state of the electrical load and provide status feedback to the microprocessor which is adapted for annunciating a fault condition.
Claims We claim: 1. An electronic circuit arrangement for switching a state of an electrical load in a fail-safe manner, said electrical load being disposed in a path intermediate a power source and a first conductor, said electronic circuit arrangement coupled to at least one condition signal, said electronic circuit arrangement comprising: a) at least one logic manipulator means for receiving and processing said at least one condition signal and executing a predetermined truth table; b) a first enabling signal generated by said at least one logic manipulator means upon executing said truth table and validating said at least one condition signal; c) a switch biasing means coupled to said at least one logic manipulator means for generating a bias voltage upon receiving said first enabling signal; d) a first switch means disposed in a portion of said path intermediate said power source and said electrical load and coupled to said switch biasing means, said first switch means conducting upon generation of said bias voltage and passing a supply electrical current therethrough; e) whereby passage of said supply electrical current through said first switch means causes said electrical load directly coupled to said first conductor to switch from a first state to a second state; and f) whereby at least a discontinuation of said at least one condition signal causes said at least one logic manipulator means to discontinue said first enabling signal and discontinue passage of said supply electrical current to said electrical load switching thereof from said second state to said first state. 2. A circuit arrangement according to claim 1, wherein said at least one logic manipulator means is a combinatorial logic block of a first predetermined configuration having at least one gate array. 3. A circuit arrangement according to claim 1, wherein said first enabling signal is capable of sourcing a control electrical current. 4. A circuit arrangement according to claim 1, wherein said switch biasing means is a monolithic photovoltaic isolator including a photo emitting diode and a photovoltaic generator at an output thereof. 5. A circuit arrangement according to claim 1, wherein said first switch means is a power semiconductor. 6. A circuit arrangement according to claim 5, wherein said power semiconductor is a transistor having a gate electrode for receiving said bias voltage and a pair of drain and source electrodes enabling passage of said supply electrical current from said power source to said electrical load. 7. A circuit arrangement according to claim 1, wherein said circuit arrangement further includes a light emitting diode and a resistor serially coupled thereto for visual identification of said electrical load being in one of said first and said second states. 8. A circuit arrangement according to claim 1, wherein said circuit arrangement further includes a second logic manipulator means for receiving said at least one condition signal, for providing a second enabling signal to said switch biasing means and for providing a third enabling signal. 9. A circuit arrangement according to claim 8, wherein said second enabling signal is capable of sinking said control electrical current. 10. A circuit arrangement according to claim 8, wherein said third enabling signal is a voltage signal. 11. A circuit arrangement according to claim 8, wherein said second logic manipulator means is a microprocessor capable of executing a predetermined software algorithm having said truth table for validating said at least one condition signal independently from said first logic manipulator means. 12. A circuit arrangement according to claim 8, wherein said circuit arrangement further includes a watch dog means coupled to said microprocessor. 13. A circuit arrangement according to claim 12, wherein said circuit arrangement further includes a fault annunciation means coupled to said watch dog means. 14. A circuit arrangement according to claim 8, wherein said second logic manipulator means is a second combinatorial logic block of a second predetermined configuration capable of providing said second and third enabling signals. 15. A circuit arrangement according to claim 1, wherein said circuit arrangement further includes a second switch means disposed intermediate said electrical load and said first conductor and conducting upon receiving said third enabling signal enabling passage of said supply electrical current therethrough. 16. A circuit arrangement according to claim 15, wherein said second switch means is a second power semiconductor. 17. A circuit arrangement according to claim 16, wherein said second power semiconductor is a second transistor having a second gate electrode for receiving a second voltage signal and a second pair of drain and source electrodes enabling passage of said supply electrical current from said electrical load to said first conductor. 18. A circuit arrangement according to claim 1, wherein said circuit arrangement further includes at least one feedback means associated with said state of said electrical load. 19. A circuit arrangement according to claim 18, wherein said at least one feedback means is galvanically isolated. 20. A circuit arrangement according to claim 18, wherein said at least one feedback means includes a first feedback means coupled to a portion of said path intermediate said first switch means and said electrical load and further coupled to one of said first logic manipulator means, a second logic manipulator means and a combination thereof. 21. A circuit arrangement according to claim 20, wherein said at least one feedback means further includes a second feedback means coupled to a portion of said path intermediate said power source and said first switch means and to a portion of said path intermediate said electrical load and said second switch means and further coupled to one of said first logic manipulator means, said second logic manipulator means and said combination thereof. 22. A circuit arrangement according to claim 1, wherein said first conductor is a ground. 23. An electronic circuit arrangement for switching a state of an electrical load in a fail-safe manner, said electrical load being disposed in a path intermediate a power source and a first conductor, said electronic circuit arrangement coupled to at least one condition signal, said electronic circuit arrangement comprising: a) a first logic manipulator means for receiving and processing said at least one condition signal, said first logic manipulator means capable of executing a predetermined truth table for validating said at least one condition signal; b) a second logic manipulator means for receiving and processing said at least one condition signal, said second logic manipulator means capable of executing a predetermined software algorithm having said predetermined truth table for validating said at least one condition signal independently from said first logic manipulator means; c) a first enabling signal generated by said first logic manipulator means upon executing said predetermined truth table and validating said at least one condition signal, said first enabling signal capable of sourcing a control electrical current; d) a second enabling signal generated by said second logic manipulator means upon validating said at least one condition signal, said second enabling signal capable of sinking said control electrical current; e) a third enabling signal generated by said second logic manipulator means upon validating said at least one condition signal, said third enabling signal being a control voltage signal; f) a switch biasing means coupled to said first and second logic manipulator means for generating a bias voltage upon receiving said first and second enabling signals; g) a first switch means disposed in a portion of said path intermediate said power source and said electrical load and coupled to said switch biasing means, said first switch means conducting upon generation of said bias voltage and passing a supply electrical current therethrough; h) a second switch means disposed in a portion of said path intermediate said electrical load and said first conductor and conducting upon receiving said third enabling signal for passing said supply electrical current therethrough; i) a watch dog means coupled to said second logic manipulator means; j) a fault annunciation means coupled to said watch dog means; k) whereby passage of said supply electrical current through said first and second switch means and said electrical load switches said electrical load from a first state to a second state; and l) whereby at least a discontinuation of said at least one condition signal causes said first and second logic manipulator means to discontinue at least one of said first, second and third enabling signals and discontinue passage of said supply electrical current through said electrical load switching thereof from said second state to said first state. 24. A circuit arrangement according to claim 23, wherein said circuit arrangement further includes a first feedback means coupled to said path intermediate said first switch means and said electrical load and a second feedback means coupled to said path intermediate said first switch means and said electrical load and intermediate said electrical load and said second switch means, said first and second feedback means further coupled to one of said first logic manipulator means, said second logic manipulator means and a combination thereof; whereby said first feedback means generates a first feedback signal upon passage of said supply electrical current through said first switch means, said first feedback signal enabling said second logic manipulator means to generate said third enabling signal; whereby said second feedback means generates a second feedback signal upon passage of said supply electrical current through said second switch means, said second feedback signal validating change of said electrical load from said first state to said second state; whereby a failure of one of said first and second enabling signals upon validation of said at least one condition signal prevents passage of said supply electrical current through said first switch means, disables generation of said first feedback signal, disables generation of said third enabling signal and enables said second logic manipulator means to generate a fault signal to said fault annunciation means; whereby a failure of said first switch in a shorted condition prior to generation of one of said first enabling signal, said second enabling signal and said combination thereof enables generation of said first feedback signal, said generated first feedback signal received by said second logic manipulator means disables generation of said third enabling signal preventing passage of said supply electrical current through said second switch means and enables said second logic manipulator means to generate said fault signal to said fault annunciation means; whereby a failure of said second switch means in a shorted condition prior to generation of said third enabling signal generates said second feedback signal, said generated second feedback signal received by said second logic manipulator means enabling thereof to discontinue said second and third enabling signals, discontinue passage of said supply electrical current through said electrical load and generate said fault signal to said fault annunciation means; whereby a failure of one of said first and second switches in an open condition disables generation of said first and second feedback signals and enables said second logic manipulator means to generate said fault signal to said fault annunciation means; whereby a failure of said second logic manipulator means to execute said predetermined software algorithm enables said watch dog means to generate said fault signal and enables passage of said supply electrical current through said electrical load upon said at least one condition signal being validated by said first logic manipulator means; and whereby a failure within said predetermined software algorithm enables passage of said supply electrical current through said electrical load upon said at least one condition signal being validated by said first logic manipulator means. 25. An electronic circuit arrangement for switching a rotation directional state of an electrical motor in a fail-safe manner, said electrical motor being disposed in a path intermediate a power source and a first conductor, said electronic circuit arrangement coupled to at least one condition signal, said electronic circuit arrangement comprising: a) a first logic manipulator means for receiving and processing said at least one condition signal, said first logic manipulator means capable of executing a predetermined truth table for validating said at least one condition signal and generating a first enabling signal upon validating said at least one condition signal, said first enabling signal capable of sourcing a control electrical current; b) a second logic manipulator means for receiving and processing said at least one condition signal, said second logic manipulator means capable of executing a predetermined software algorithm having said predetermined truth table for validating said at least one condition signal independently from said first logic manipulator means, said second logic manipulator mean generating a second enabling signal, a first rotation directional signal, a second rotation directional signal and a command signal, said second enabling signal capable of sinking said control electrical current; c) a switch biasing means coupled to said first and second logic manipulator means for generating a bias voltage upon receiving said first and second enabling signals; d) a first switch means disposed in a path intermediate said power source and said electrical motor and coupled to said switch biasing means, said first switch means conducting upon generation of said bias voltage and passing a supply electrical current therethrough; e) a first logic gate for receiving said first directional signal and said command signal and generating a first directional motor power signal; f) a second logic gate for receiving said second directional signal and said command signal and generating a second directional motor power signal; g) a first pulse width modulation means coupled to said first and second directional signals; h) a second pulse width modulation means coupled to said first and second directional signals; i) a second switch means disposed in said path intermediate said power source and said first conductor and coupled to said first and second pulse width modulation means; j) a feedback means disposed within said circuit arrangement for providing at least one status feedback signal to one of said first logic manipulator means, said second logic manipulator means and a combination thereof; k) whereby receipt of said at least one condition signal by said first and second logic manipulator means enables generation of said first directional motor power signal and passage of said supply electrical current through said first switch means enabling said electrical motor to rotate in a first direction; and l) whereby at least a discontinuation of said at least one condition signal causes said first and second logic manipulator means to discontinue passage of said power electrical current through said first switch, enables generation of said second directional motor power signal and enables said electrical motor to rotate in a second direction. 26. A circuit arrangement according to claim 25, wherein said circuit arrangement includes a predetermined plurality of said second switch means forming an h-bridge motor control circuit and having a first pair of diagonally opposite second switch means being associated with said first directional motor power signal and a second pair of diagonally opposite second switch means being associated with said second directional motor power signal. 27. A circuit arrangement according to claim 25, wherein said feedback means includes a first feedback signal and a second feedback signal associated with said first and second switch means and said path intermediate said power source and said first conductor. 28. A circuit arrangement according to claim 25, wherein said feedback means is achieved by monitoring pulses generated by an encoder attached to an output shaft of said electric motor and by determining a magnitude of said supply electrical current passing through said electrical motor, said second switch means, a first shunt resistor serially coupled to said electric motor and a second shunt resistor disposed intermediate said second switch means and said first conductor. 