A long-life telemetry power storage and delivery system includes a power bus electrically connected through a voltage regulator to a wireless communications unit operable for periodic high-current transmissions. The power bus is connected to a direct power source and at least three power storage sources. The direct power source includes at least one solar panel. The power storage sources include: (1) a primary, low-voltage, non-rechargeable battery; (2) a secondary, low-voltage, rechargeable battery; and (3) a set of high capacity capacitors. To provide a long life to the system, current limiting resistors are interposed between the power bus and the primary and secondary batteries, such that high current requirements of a transmission are supplied by the set of capacitors rather than the batteries.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A portable, self-contained, low-voltage power delivery and storage system for a wireless communications unit, comprising: a power bus electrically connected to a voltage regulator, for providing low-voltage electrical current to the voltage regulator; said voltage regulator electrically connected to the wireless communications unit, for providing constant, low-voltage power thereto; said power bus electrically connected to a direct power source and at least three power storage sources, for receiving and distributing a continuous flow of electrical current to the voltage regulator and wireless communications unit; said direct power source including a source of intermittently available low voltage DC electrical current; said power storage sources including: a primary, low-voltage, non-rechargeable battery with a positive terminal connected to the power bus through a current limiting resister and an isolating diode, said resistor limiting current discharged from the primary battery to a level less than the peak load of the wireless communications unit during a periodic transmission; a secondary, low-voltage, rechargeable battery with a positive terminal connected to the power bus through a current limiting resistor, said resistor limiting current discharged from the secondary battery to a level less than the peak load of the wireless communications unit during a periodic transmission; and a set of low voltage high capacity capacitors connected in series with a positive terminal of the downstream capacitor connected to the power bus, said capacitor set having a current capability sufficient to meet the peak load of the wireless communications unit during a periodic transmission. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the source of intermittently available low voltage DC electrical current includes at least one solar panel mounted on the unit with a diode interposed between the panel and power bus to isolate the panel from the power bus. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the solar the source of intermittently available low voltage DC electrical current includes at least a second solar panel mounted on the unit in an orientation orthogonal to the first solar panel, with a diode interposed between the second panel and the power bus to isolate the second panel from the power bus. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the source of intermittently available low voltage DC electrical current further includes: a source of 110-volt AC electrical current, external of the unit; a power conditioning apparatus interposed between the AC power source and the power bus, said conditioning apparatus including a rectifier and a current limiter for providing low-voltage DC electrical current to the power bus. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein said set of high capacity capacitors includes means for balancing the voltage among the capacitors, said balancing means including an active shunting component connected in parallel with each of the capacitors in the set. 6. A portable, self-contained tracking and monitoring unit, comprising: a hollow enclosure formed of radio-frequency-transparent material; a pair of solar panels mounted on the enclosure and having photoelectric cells thereon for converting solar radiation into an electrical current, said solar panels mounted in vertical planes oriented generally orthogonal to one another and electrically connected to a power bus within the enclosure to provide electric current thereto; a first sensor mounted within the enclosure and operable to detect predetermined criteria, electrically connected to the power bus; a microprocessor mounted within the enclosure, connected to the first sensor and power bus and operable to receive data from the first sensor and process the data into a data packet; a wireless communications unit within the enclosure, including a transmitter connected to the power bus and microprocessor and operable to periodically transmit a data packet from the microprocessor to a remote receiving station; a voltage regulator interposed between the power bus and the wireless communications unit, for providing continuous low-voltage power to the wireless communications unit; said power bus electrically connected to at least three power storage sources, including: a primary, low-voltage, non-rechargeable battery with a positive terminal connected to the power bus through a current limiting resister and an isolating diode, said resistor limiting current discharged from the primary battery to a level less than the peak load of the wireless communications unit during a periodic transmission; a secondary, low-voltage, rechargeable battery with a positive terminal connected to the power bus through a current limiting resistor, said resistor limiting current discharged from the secondary battery to a level less than the peak load of the wireless communications unit during a periodic transmission; and a set of low voltage high capacity capacitors connected in series with a positive terminal of the downstream capacitor connected to the power bus, said capacitor set having a current capability sufficient to meet the peak load of the wireless communications unit during a periodic transmission. 7. The tracking and monitoring unit of claim 6, wherein said first sensor is a GPS receiver operable to receive tracking data from GPS. 8. The tracking and monitoring unit of claim 6, wherein said first sensor is a detection circuit for detecting an environmental condition of the tracking and monitoring unit. 9. The tracking and monitoring unit of claim 8, wherein the environmental condition monitored is an abrupt change in the velocity of the tracking and monitoring unit. 10. The tracking and monitoring unit of claim 8, further comprising a source of intermittently available low voltage DC electrical current electrically connected to the power bus, including: a source of 110-volt AC electrical current, external of the tracking and monitoring unit; and a power conditioning apparatus interposed between the AC power source and the power bus, said conditioning apparatus including a rectifier and a current limiter for providing low-voltage DC electrical current to the power bus. 11. The system of claim 6, wherein said set of high capacity capacitors includes means for balancing the voltage among the capacitors, said balancing means including an active shunting component connected in parallel with each of the capacitors in the set. 