A computer readable medium with instructions stored on the medium. When the instructions are executed by a processor, they cause the processor to calculate overall efficiency. A system for determining the overall efficiency for a building. The system comprises: an environment system controller with a processor used to calculate overall efficiency; a plurality of indoor temperature sensors in communication with the environment system controller; an outdoor temperature sensor in communication with the environment system controller; an efficiency monitoring device in communication with the environment system controller; and a chronograph configured to time stamp sensor readings.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A first enviromental control unit comprising a computer readable medium having instructions stored thereon which when executed by a processor, cause the processor to calculate an overall efficiency that is proportional to the ratio of a first building's heat loss divided by the energy inputted into the first building, and where the overall efficiency can be used as a comparison against an overall efficiency of a second building with a second environmental control unit, and wherein the instructions stored thereon further cause the processor to: solve the equation .times..times..times..times..times..times. ##EQU00002## for the term OVERALL EFFICIENCY, wherein Q.sub.loss is the building heat loss in BTUs; t is time, in hours; T.sub.I is the inside temperature; T.sub.O is the outside temperature; HDD is heating degree days for a specified time period; Q.sub.in is the energy put into the building, in BTUs for the specified time period; and 24 hours/1 day is a conversion factor to cancel out the hour unit from the term t. 2. The first environmental control unit of claim 1, wherein the computer readable medium having instructions stored thereon further cause the processor to: determine a building's heat loss rate; determine an indoor temperature; determine an outdoor temperature; determine heating degree days for a specified time period; determine a heat input for a building for the specified time period; and calculate an overall efficiency. 3. The first environmental control unit of claim 1, wherein the computer readable medium having instructions stored thereon further cause the processor to: obtain building size information; obtain building window information; calculate a heat loss rate for the building. 4. The first environmental control unit of claim 1, wherein the computer readable medium having instructions stored thereon further cause the processor to: obtain solar gain information. 5. The first environmental control unit of claim 1, wherein the computer readable medium having instructions stored thereon further cause the processor to: obtain average wind speed information. 6. The first environmental control unit of claim 1, wherein the computer readable medium having instructions stored thereon further cause the processor to: obtain power output from building lights and appliances. 7. The first environmental control unit of claim 1, wherein the computer readable medium having instructions stored thereon further cause the processor to: obtain the daily average outdoor temperature; and calculate a heating degree day value for a specified time period. 8. The first environmental control unit of claim 1, wherein the computer readable medium having instructions stored thereon further cause the processor to: obtain BTU meter data from an outlet side of a building heating system; obtain BTU meter data from an inlet side of the building heating system; and calculate a heat output value for the building for a specified time period. 9. A system for determining overall efficiency for a first building, the system Comprising: a first-environment system controller with a processor and a computer readable medium having instructions stored thereon which when executed by a processor, cause the processor to calculate an overall efficiency that is proportional to the ratio of the first building's heat loss divided by the energy inputted into the first building, and where the overall efficiency can be used as a comparison against an overall efficiency of a second building with a second environment system controller, and wherein the instructions stored thereon further cause the processor to: solve the equation .times..times..times..times..times..times..times..times. ##EQU00003## for the term OVERALL EFFICIENCY, wherein Q.sub.loss is the building heat loss in BTUs; t is time, in hours; T.sub.I is the inside temperature; T.sub.O is the outside temperature; HDD is heating degree days for a specified time period; Q.sub.in is the energy put into the building, in BTUs for the specified time period; and 24 hours/1 day is a conversion factor to cancel out the hour unit from the term t; a plurality of indoor temperature sensors in communication with the first environment system controller; an outdoor temperature sensor in communication with the first environment system controller; an efficiency monitoring device in communication with the first environment system controller; and a chronograph configured to time stamp sensor readings. 10. The system of claim 9, further comprising: a flow meter in communication with the efficiency monitoring device. 11. The system of claim 9, further comprising: a BTU meter in communication with the efficiency monitoring device. 12. The system of claim 9, further comprising: a network in communication with the efficiency monitoring device; a weather tracking center in communication with the efficiency monitoring device via the network. 13. The system of claim 12, further comprising: a database in communication with the efficiency monitoring device via the network. 14. The system of claim 9, further comprising: a computer in communication with the efficiency monitoring device; a network in communication with the computer; a weather tracking center in communication with the computer via the network. 15. The system of claim 14, further comprising: a database in communication with the computer via the network. 