A bulk-doped semiconductor that is at least one of the following: a single crystal, an elongated and bulk-doped semiconductor that, at any point along its longitudinal axis, has a largest cross-sectional dimension less than 500 nanometers, and a free-standing and bulk-doped semiconductor with at least one portion having a smallest width of less than 500 nanometers. Such a semiconductor may comprise an interior core comprising a first semiconductor; and an exterior shell comprising a different material than the first semiconductor. Such a semiconductor may be elongated and may have, at any point along a longitudinal section of such a semiconductor, a ratio of the length of the section to a longest width is greater than 4:1, or greater than 10:1, or greater than 100:1, or even greater than 1000:1. At least one portion of such a semiconductor may a smallest width of less than 200 nanometers, or less than 150 nanometers, or less than 100 nanometers, or less than 80 nanometers, or less than 70 nanometers, or less than 60 nanometers, or less than 40 nanometers, or less than 20 nanometers, or less than 10 nanometers, or even less than 5 nanometers. Such a semiconductor may be a single crystal and may be free-standing. Such a semiconductor may be either lightly n-doped, heavily n-doped, lightly p-doped or heavily p-doped. Such a semiconductor may be doped during growth. Such a semiconductor may be part of a device, which may include any of a variety of devices and combinations thereof, and, a variety of assembling techniques may be used to fabricate devices from such a semiconductor. Two or more of such a semiconductors, including an array of such semiconductors, may be combined to form devices, for example, to form a crossed p-n junction of a device. Such devices at certain sizes may exhibit quantum confinement and other quantum phenomena, and the wavelength of light emitted from one or more of such semiconductors may be controlled by selecting a width of such semiconductors. Such semiconductors and device made therefrom may be used for a variety of applications.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst colloid particles having a variation in diameter of less than about 20% and being selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the catalyst colloid particles are made by a process of laser ablating a solid target to generate the catalyst colloid particles. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising controlling the lengths of the population of semiconductor nanowires. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein at least a portion of the semiconductor nanowires has at least one portion having a smallest width of less than 20 nanometers. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein at least a portion of the semiconductor nanowires has at least one portion having a smallest width of less than 10 nanometers. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein at least a portion of the semiconductor nanowires has at least one portion having a smallest width of less than 5 nanometers. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the catalyst colloid particles are size-selected by dilution. 8. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires and doping the population of semiconductor nanowires while growing the semiconductor nanowires to produce a population of doped semiconductor nanowires, each of the semiconductor nanowires having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, wherein the act of growing comprises growing the population of semiconductor nanowires catalytically from catalyst colloid particles selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising adding one or more other materials to a surface of at least some of the doped semiconductor nanowires. 10. The method of claim 9, comprising adding said one or more other materials to form a shell around the at least some of the doped semiconductor nanowires. 11. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires using laser-assisted catalytic growth, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst colloid particles selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%. 12. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst colloid particles selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%; contacting a solution comprising the one or more semiconductor nanowires to a surface to deposit the one or more semiconductor nanowires on the surface; and orienting said one or more semiconductor nanowires using an electric field to align the one or more semiconductor nanowires on the surface. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the surface is a surface of a substrate. 14. The method of claim 12, wherein said aligning comprises generating an electric field between at least two electrodes, and positioning the one or more semiconductor nanowires between the electrodes. 15. The method of claim 12, further comprising orienting said one or more semiconductor nanowires using a fluid flow. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein said orienting said one or more semiconductor nanowires using a fluid flow comprises flowing a fluid that comprises the one or more semiconductor nanowires onto the surface. 17. The method of claim 12, wherein the catalyst colloid particles are made by a process of laser ablating a solid target to generate the catalyst colloid particles. 18. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst colloid particles selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%; contacting a solution comprising the one or more semiconductor nanowires to a surface to deposit the one or more semiconductor nanowires on the surface; and orienting the one or more semiconductor nanowires by applying a mechanical tool to align the one or more semiconductor nanowires on the surface. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the catalyst colloid particles are made by a process of laser ablating a solid target to generate the catalyst colloid particles. 20. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst colloid particles selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%; functionalizing a surface with one or more functional groups which have an affinity for the semiconductor nanowires to condition the surface to attach the one or more semiconductor nanowires to the surface; and depositing one or more semiconductor nanowires on the surface. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein said conditioning comprises patterning the surface. 22. The method of claim 20, wherein the one or more functional groups comprises one or more alkyloxysilane groups. 23. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst colloid particles selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%; and depositing the semiconductor nanowires on a surface to form a field-effect transistor. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein the catalyst colloid particles are made by a process of laser ablating a solid target to generate the catalyst colloid particles. 25. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst colloid particles selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%; and depositing the semiconductor nanowires on the surface to form a device comprising one or more than one of a switch, a diode, a light-emitting diode, a tunnel diode, a Schottky diode, a Bipolar Junction Transistor, an inverter, an optical sensor, a sensor for an analyte, a memory device, a laser, a logic gate, a latch, a register, an amplifier, a signal processor, a digital or analog circuit, a light emission source, a photodiode, a phototransistor, a photovoltaic device, or combinations thereof. 26. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst colloid particles selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%, wherein at least some of the catalyst colloid particles comprises gold. 27. The method of claim 26, wherein at least some of the catalyst colloid particles each further comprises one or more than one of Ag, Cu, Zn, Cd, Fe, Ni, Co or mixtures thereof. 28. A method comprising making a semiconductor nanowire junction by crossing at least one p-type semiconductor nanowire with at least one n-type semiconductor nanowire, wherein one or both of the p-type semiconductor nanowire and the n-type semiconductor nanowire are chosen from a population of semiconductor nanowires grown according to a method comprising growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst colloid particles selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%. 29. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst colloid particles selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%, wherein the population of semiconductor nanowires have a variation in diameter of less than about 10%. 30. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst colloid particles pre-selected to minimize aggregation and to have substantially uniform size selected such that at least four of the semiconductor nanowires have a variation in diameter of less than 20%, wherein the grown semiconductor nanowires have a variation in diameter of less than about 10%. 31. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst colloid particles pre-selected to minimize aggregation and to have substantially uniform size selected such that at least four of the semiconductor nanowires have a variation in diameter of less than 20%, wherein the catalyst colloid particles are pre-selected by dilution. 32. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, from size-selected catalyst colloid particles, wherein the catalyst colloid particles are size-selected to have a variation in diameter of less than about 20%. 33. The method of claim 32, wherein the catalyst colloid particles are size-selected to have a variation in diameter of less than about 10%. 34. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, from size-selected catalyst colloid particles, wherein the catalyst colloid particles are size-selected by dilution. 35. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires using laser-assisted catalytic growth, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, from size-selected catalyst colloid particles. 