A digital imaging kiosk, comprising an imaging device adapted to electronically capture an image of an object, a display device adapted to display at least one of a captured image, a user interface adapted to display information to a user and to receive information from a user, a printing device adapted to print a manipulated or non-manipulated image on one or more sides of one or more substrates, a substrate handling device adapted to position a substrate in proximity to the printing device such that the printing device can print to the one or more substrates, a control unit in communication with the information suite, wherein the kiosk is adapted so that the printing device prints the image captured by the image capturing device on a first side of a set number of substrates having a preprinted and unique image on a second side of the set number of substrates.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A digital imaging kiosk, comprising: an imaging device adapted to electronically capture an image of an object within visual range of the imaging device; an information suite comprising: a display device adapted to display an image associated with a captured image captured by the imaging device; a user interface adapted to display information to a user and to receive information from a user, the user interface being integral with the display device or separate from the display device or partially integral with the display device and partially separate from the display device; a printing device adapted to print to at least one side of one or more substrates; a substrate handling device adapted to position a substrate in proximity to the printing device such that the printing device can print to the one or more substrates; and an electronic control unit in communication with the information suite, the control unit being adapted to receive and send information to the information suite and to control one or more components of the kiosk based on at least one of information from the user, a predetermined routine, and a combination of information from the user and a predetermined routine; wherein the kiosk is adapted so that the printing device prints an image associated with the image associated with the captured image captured by the imaging device on a first side of a set number of substrates having a preprinted image on a second side of the set number of substrates, the preprinted image being unique from the preprinted image on the substrate printed to immediately before; and wherein the substrate comprises an individual card from a deck of playing cards, the back side of the card being the first side of the substrate, the face side being the second side of the substrate, and the kiosk is adapted to provide the user with at least one full deck of playing cards. 2. The kiosk of claim 1, wherein the kiosk is adapted to print text along with the printed image. 3. The kiosk of claim 2, wherein the kiosk is adapted so that the text printed along with the image is selected by the user. 4. The kiosk of claim 3, wherein the kiosk is adapted so that the text printed along with the image can be inputted by the user. 5. The kiosk of claim 3, wherein the kiosk is adapted so that at least part of the text printed along with the image can be inputted by the user. 6. The kiosk of claim 5, wherein the kiosk is adapted so that the user can speak to select at least part of the text printed along with the image. 7. The kiosk of claim 5, wherein the kiosk is adapted so that the user can spell out at least part of the text printed along with the image. 8. The kiosk of claim 1, wherein the kiosk is adapted to allow the user to select the image displayed by the display device. 9. The kiosk of claim 8, wherein the kiosk is adapted to allow the user to select an image from a plurality of the images displayed on the display device. 10. The kiosk of claim 9, wherein at least one of the plurality of images is displayed separately temporally from at least one other of the plurality of images. 11. The kiosk of claim 1, wherein the kiosk further includes an image manipulating device adapted to manipulate the captured image. 12. The kiosk of claim 11, wherein the kiosk is adapted to allow the user to manipulate the captured image. 13. The kiosk of claim 12, wherein the kiosk is adapted to manipulate the captured image automatically. 14. The kiosk of claim 13, wherein the display device is a high-resolution monitor. 15. The kiosk of claim 14, wherein the high-resolution monitor is an LCD. 16. The kiosk of claim 13, wherein the display device is adapted to receive input from the user. 17. The kiosk of claim 1, wherein the kiosk is adapted to allow the user to adjust at least one of the imaging device height, the imaging device focus, and the imaging device direction. 18. The kiosk of claim 1, wherein kiosk also includes an audio system adapted to convey information to the user, the audio system being integrated with the communications suite or being separate from the communications suite. 19. The kiosk of claim 18, wherein the kiosk is adapted so that the information conveyed by the audio system is synchronized with at least some of the information displayed to the user by the information suite. 20. The kiosk of claim 1, wherein the image capturing device includes an auto-focus device adapted to focus the imaging device on at least one portion of the user. 21. The kiosk of claim 1, wherein the communication suite is adapted to display advertisements to the user. 22. The kiosk of claim 18, wherein at least one of the user interface is adapted to display advertisements to the user and the audio-system is adapted to annunciate advertisements to the user. 23. The kiosk of claim 21, wherein the kiosk has at least one side panel extending from the body of the kiosk and includes display components located to be substantially to the sides of the user, wherein the display components are adapted to display advertisements. 24. The kiosk of claim 11, wherein the image manipulating device is adapted to alter the background of the image captured by the imaging device. 25. The kiosk of claim 24, wherein the background is altered based on a predetermined theme associated with the geographic location of at least the image capturing portion of kiosk. 26. The kiosk of claim 1, wherein text is also printed on the first side of the substrate. 27. The kiosk of claim 1, wherein the control unit is located separate from the imaging device. 28. The kiosk of claim 27, wherein the control unit is linked to the image capturing device, the link being at least one of an electrical, optical, RF, and 1R link. 29. The kiosk of claim 1, wherein the kiosk is adapted to electronically record an image associated with at least the captured image and at least some of the information inputted by the user to enable the user be contacted at a later date. 30. The kiosk of claim 1, wherein the printing device utilizes a UV energy curing ink. 31. The kiosk of claim 1, wherein the kiosk is adapted to provide the user with a container with the playing cards. 32. The kiosk of claim 31, wherein the container is a pre-diecut cardboard embryo adapted to allow a user to assemble the diecut into a box, the assembled box being of a suitable size to contain at least one complete deck of playing cards. 33. The kiosk of claim 1, wherein the imaging device is adapted to be mobile. 34. The kiosk of claim 1, wherein the kiosk is adapted to be mobile. 35. The kiosk of claim 1, wherein at least one of the electronic components of the kiosk are powered by at least one of a fuel cell, a battery, and a solar-power array. 36. The kiosk of claim 1, wherein the kiosk further includes at least one of a satellite array, a phone link array, a commercial wireless link array, and a infrared communication port. 37. The kiosk of claim 1, wherein the kiosk is adapted to accept credit card information or debit card information. 38. The kiosk of claim 1, wherein the kiosk is adapted to accept cash or coins and dispense cash or coins. 39. The kiosk of claim 1, wherein the kiosk is adapted to transmit and receive data. 40. The kiosk of claim 1, wherein the kiosk is adapted to transmit at least one status message. 41. A method of operating a digital imaging kiosk, comprising: capturing an image with an imaging device adapted to electronically capture an image of an object within visual range of the imaging device; displaying on a display device an image associated with a captured image captured by the imaging device; displaying information on a user interface adapted to display information to a user and to receive information from a user, the user interface being integral with the display device or separate from the display device or partially integral with the display device and partially separate from the display device, wherein the display device and the user interface comprise an information suite; printing from a printing device adapted to print to at least one side of one or more substrates; positioning a substrate in proximity to the printing device with a substrate handling device such that the printing device can print to the one or more substrates; and controlling the kiosk with an electronic control unit in communication with the information suite, the control unit being adapted to receive and send information to the information suite and to control one or more components of the kiosk based on at least one of information from the user, a predetermined routine, and a combination of information from the user and a predetermined routine; wherein the kiosk is adapted so that the printing device prints an image associated with the image associated with the captured image captured by the imaging device on a first side of a set number of substrates having a preprinted image on a second side of the set number of substrates, the preprinted image being unique from the preprinted image on the substrate printed to immediately before; and wherein the substrate comprises an individual card from a deck of playing cards, the back side of the card being the first side of the substrate, the face side being the second side of the substrate, and wherein the kiosk is adapted to provide the user with at least one full deck of playing cards. 42. The method of claim 41, further comprising printing text along with the printed image. 43. The method of claim 41, wherein text is also printed on the first side of the substrate. 44. The digital imaging kiosk of claim 1, wherein the substrate handling device is adapted to hold substrate in roll form and supply substrate to the printer by unrolling the substrate from the roll. 45. The digital imaging kiosk of claim 44, wherein the kiosk is adapted to separate the substrate from the roll prior to positioning the substrate in proximity to the printing device. 46. The digital imaging kiosk of claim 44, wherein the kiosk is adapted to separate the substrate from the roll after positioning the substrate in proximity to the printing device. 47. The digital imaging kiosk of claim 44, wherein the kiosk utilizes prescalloped substrate, and wherein the substrate is in a roll prior to being positioned in proximity to the printing device. 48. The digital imaging kiosk of claim 2, wherein the kiosk is configured with a die cutter, and wherein the die cutter alters the shape of the substrate. 