A mobile power system for producing power at a desired location includes a first power generating device of a first type coupled to a transportable housing, and a second power generating device of a second type coupled to the transportable housing. The first type of power generating device is different than the second type of power generating device. According to an exemplary embodiment, the mobile power system may provide easy access to different types of power outputs. Further, the housing may have the approximate size of a standard freight container.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of transporting and assembling a power station, comprising: storing a plurality of power generating devices and a plurality of coupling components within a housing, the housing including a modified standard ISO freight container, the plurality of power generating devices including at least two different types of power generating devices; transporting the housing to a desired location; removing the plurality of power generating devices and the plurality of coupling components from within the housing; coupling the plurality of power generating devices to an outer surface of the housing using the plurality of coupling components; receiving power from the plurality of power generating devices; and providing access to the received power. 2. The method of claim 1, further including accessing the received power in a plurality of different electrical configurations. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the coupling of the plurality of power generating devices to the outer surface of the housing includes modifying the housing from a shipping condition. 4. The method of claim 1, further including detaching the plurality of power generating devices and coupling components from the housing to create a shipping condition within ISO standards for shipping. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the storing of the plurality of power generating devices and the plurality of coupling components within the housing includes storing components necessary to couple the plurality of power generating devices to the outer surface of the housing. 6. The method of claim 1, further including utilizing the housing as a human shelter. 7. The method of claim 1, further including providing equipment for remotely controlling and monitoring at least one of the power generating devices. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the coupling of the plurality of power generating devices to the outer surface of the housing includes electrically coupling the plurality of power generating devices to the outer surface of the housing. 9. A method of transporting and assembling a power station, comprising: storing a plurality of power generating devices and a plurality of coupling components within a housing, the plurality of power generating devices including at least two different types of power generating devices; transporting the housing to a desired location; removing the plurality of power generating devices and the plurality of coupling components from within the housing; coupling the plurality of power generating devices to an outer surface of the housing using the plurality of coupling components, the coupling of the plurality of power generating devices to the outer surface of the housing includes coupling a proximal end of at least one adjustable strut to one of the power generating devices and positioning a distal end of the at least one adjustable strut on the ground; receiving power from the plurality of power generating devices; and providing access to the received power. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein the coupling of the plurality of power generating devices to the outer surface of the housing includes electrically coupling the plurality of power generating devices to the outer surface of the housing. 11. A method of transporting and assembling a power station, comprising: storing a plurality of power generating devices and a plurality of coupling components within a housing, the plurality of power generating devices including at least two different types of power generating devices, at least one of the coupling components including at least one vertical pole coupled to a corner of the housing; transporting the housing to a desired location; removing the plurality of power generating devices and the plurality of coupling components from within the housing; coupling the plurality of power generating devices to an outer surface of the housing using the plurality of coupling components; receiving power from the plurality of power generating devices; and providing access to the received power. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the coupling of each power generating device to the outer surface of the housing includes attaching the at least one pole to a support located at the corner of the housing. 13. The method of claim 11, wherein the coupling of the plurality of power generating devices to the outer surface of the housing includes coupling at least one supplemental pole to the at least one pole, the at least one pole being positioned at a predetermined distance from the at least one supplemental pole by a pole coupling assembly. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the coupling of the plurality of power generating devices to the outer surface of the housing includes coupling a wind power generating device to the at least one pole and the at least one supplemental pole. 15. A method of transporting and assembling a power station, comprising: storing a plurality of power generating devices and a plurality of coupling components within a housing, the plurality of power generating devices including at least two different types of power generating devices, at least one of the power generating devices is a solar power generating device including first and second arrays of solar panels; transporting the housing to a desired location; removing the plurality of power generating devices and the plurality of coupling components from within the housing; coupling the plurality of power generating devices to an outer surface of the housing using the plurality of coupling components, the coupling of the plurality of power generating devices to the outer surface of the housing includes coupling the second array of solar panels to the housing via the first array of solar panels; receiving power from the plurality of power generating devices; and providing access to the received power. 16. A method of transporting and assembling a power station, comprising: storing a plurality of power generating devices and a plurality of coupling components within a housing, the plurality of power generating devices including at least two different types of power generating devices, the plurality of power generating devices includes at least one of a wind power generating device and a solar power generating device; transporting the housing to a desired location; removing the plurality of power generating devices and the plurality of coupling components from within the housing; coupling the plurality of power generating devices to an outer surface of the housing using the plurality of coupling components, the coupling of the plurality of power generating devices to the outer surface of the housing includes coupling the plurality of power generating devices to the housing to extend in at least four different directions from the housing; receiving power from the plurality of power generating devices; and providing access to the received power. 17. A transportable power station, comprising: a transportable housing, the housing including a modified standard ISO freight container; and a plurality of power generating devices removably coupled to respective operational positions on an outside surface of the housing using a plurality of coupling components, the plurality of power generating devices and the plurality of coupling components being sized to fit completely within the transportable housing, and the plurality of power generating devices including at least two different types of power generating devices. 18. The transportable power station of claim 17, further including a plurality of different electrical outlets providing access to power in a plurality of different electrical configurations. 19. The transportable power station of claim 17, wherein the housing includes a shipping condition when the plurality of power generating devices and the plurality of coupling components are stored within the transportable housing. 20. The transportable power station of claim 17, wherein components necessary to couple the plurality of power generating devices to the outside surface of the housing are sized to fit completely within the housing. 21. The transportable power station of claim 17, wherein the transportable housing is a human shelter. 22. The transportable power station of claim 17, wherein the plurality of power generating devices are coupled directly to at least three locations on the housing. 23. The transportable power station of claim 22, wherein: the plurality of power generating devices includes at least one of a wind power generating device and a solar power generating device; and the plurality of power generating devices extends in at least four different directions from the housing. 24. The transportable power station of claim 17, further including equipment for remotely controlling and monitoring at least one of the power generating devices. 25. The transportable power station of claim 17, wherein the plurality of coupling components includes at least one coupling component configured to electrically couple at least one of the power generating devices to the outside surface of the housing. 26. A transportable power station, comprising: a transportable housing; a plurality of power generating devices removably coupled to respective operational positions on an outside surface of the housing using a plurality of coupling components, the plurality of power generating devices and the plurality of coupling components being sized to fit completely within the transportable housing, and the plurality of power generating devices including at least two different types of power generating devices; and at least one adjustable strut including a proximal and distal end, the proximal end being coupled to one of the power generating devices, and the distal end being positioned on the ground. 27. A transportable power station, comprising: a transportable housing; and a plurality of power generating devices removably coupled to respective operational positions on an outside surface of the housing using a plurality of coupling components, the plurality of power generating devices and the plurality of coupling components being sized to fit completely within the transportable housing, and the plurality of power generating devices including at least two different types of power generating devices, at least one of the coupling components including at least one vertical pole coupled to a corner of the housing. 28. The transportable power station of claim 27, wherein the at least one pole is attached to a support located at the corner of the housing. 29. The transportable power station of claim 28, wherein the support is a support pillar located at the corner of the housing. 30. The transportable power station of claim 27, further including at least one supplemental pole coupled to the at least one pole, the at least one pole being positioned at a predetermined distance from the at least one supplemental pole by a pole coupling assembly. 31. The transportable power station of claim 30, wherein the plurality of power generating devices includes a wind power generating device coupled to the at least one pole and the at least one supplemental pole. 32. A transportable power station, comprising: a transportable housing; and a plurality of power generating devices removably coupled to respective operational positions on an outside surface of the housing using a plurality of coupling components, the plurality of power generating devices and the plurality of coupling components being sized to fit completely within the transportable housing, and the plurality of power generating devices including at least two different types of power generating devices, at least one of the power generating devices being a solar power generating device including first and second arrays of solar panels, the second array of solar panels being coupled to the housing via the first array of solar panels. 33. A method of producing and delivering power at a desired location, comprising: coupling a wind power generating device to an outer surface of a transportable housing, the transportable housing being a modified freight container; coupling a solar power generating device to the outer surface of the transportable housing; wherein the coupling of the wind and solar power generating devices to the outer surface of the transportable housing includes: coupling the wind and solar power generating devices to the outer surface of the transportable housing using a plurality of coupling components, the plurality of coupling components including at least one vertical pole, coupling the at least one pole to at least one corner of the transportable housing, and coupling the wind power generating device to the at least one pole; receiving power from the wind and solar power generating devices; detaching the wind and solar power generating devices from the transportable housing; storing the wind and solar power generating devices and the plurality of coupling components within the transportable housing, the storing including storing components necessary to couple the wind and solar power generating devices to the outer surface of the transportable housing; and transporting the transportable housing to a desired location. 34. The method of claim 33, further including providing access to the received power in a plurality of different electrical configurations. 35. The method of claim 33, further including utilizing the transportable housing as a human shelter. 36. The method of claim 33, wherein the coupling of the wind and solar power generating devices to the outer surface of the housing includes coupling the plurality of power generating devices to the housing to extend in at least four different directions from the housing. 37. The method of claim 33, wherein the plurality of coupling components includes at least one coupling component configured to electrically couple at least one of the power generating devices to the outside surface of the housing. 