A power transmission system including a direct current power source electrically connected to a conversion device for converting direct current into alternating current, a conversion device connected to a power distribution system through a junction, an energy storage device capable of producing direct current connected to a converter, where the converter, such as an insulated gate bipolar transistor, converts direct current from an energy storage device into alternating current and supplies the current to the junction and subsequently to the power distribution system. A microprocessor controller, connected to a sampling and feedback module and the converter, determines when the current load is higher than a set threshold value, requiring triggering of the converter to supply supplemental current to the power transmission system.
Claims We claim: 1. A power transmission system, comprising: a direct current power source electrically connected to a conversion device for converting direct current into alternating current, said conversion device electrically connected to a power distribution system through a junction; an energy storage device capable of producing direct current connected to a converter means, said converter means capable of converting direct current into alternating current and electrically connected to said junction; and a microprocessor controller connected to a sampling and feedback module, said sampling and feedback module in electrical communication with an alternating current load at said junction and capable of measuring the alternating current load at said junction. 2. The power transmission system of claim 1 wherein said direct current power source is selected from the group consisting of a fuel cell, a photovoltaic system, a wind turbine, a microturbine, a Stirling engine, a combustion turbine, a battery, a fly-wheel, a superconducting magnetic energy storage system, an electrochemical capacitor, and a compressed air system. 3. The power transmission system of claim 1 wherein said conversion device is selected from the group consisting of a static power converter, a rotating power converter, and a hybrid power converter. 4. The power transmission system of claim 1 wherein said energy storage device is selected from the group consisting of a battery, a fly-wheel, a superconducting magnetic energy storage system, and a capacitor. 5. The power transmission system of claim 1 wherein said converter means comprises a power semiconductor device selected from the group consisting of an insulated gate bipolar transistor, a metal oxide semiconductor field-effect transistor, and a gate turnoff thyristor. 6. The power transmission system of claim 5 wherein said converter means comprises six insulated gate bipolar transistor modules. 7. The power transmission system of claim 6 wherein said converter means operates at 60 Hertz. 8. The power transmission system of claim 7 wherein said converter means generates a square wave. 9. The power transmission system of claim 6 where said insulated gate bipolar transistor modules are single phase. 10. The power transmission system of claim 6 where said insulated gate bipolar transistor modules are three-phase. 11. The power transmission system of claim 1 further comprising an opto-isolation circuit electrically connecting said microprocessor controller and said converter means. 12. The power transmission system of claim 1 further comprising a heat sink thermally connected to said converter means. 13. The power transmission system of claim 1 wherein said microprocessor controller comprises software means for performing at least one function selected from the group consisting of microprocessor start-up, signal sampling, loading of a current threshold setting, comparison of input current signals with said current threshold setting, triggering said converter means, data noise suppression, and monitoring of the converter means temperature. 14. The power transmission system of claim 1 wherein said power transmission system has a power output less than one megawatt. 