The present invention relates to a window having ventilation equipment. The window having ventilation equipment according to the present invention includes a window frame formed with a mounting hole penetrating from outdoor side to indoor side, a casing which can be fastened to or unfastened from the mounting hole of the window frame, an outdoor air suction opening formed at a position of the outdoor side surface of the casing, an outdoor air exhaust opening formed at a position of the indoor side surface of the casing, an outdoor air flow passage formed within the casing for interconnecting the outdoor air suction opening with the outdoor air exhaust opening to each other, a first fan provided in the outdoor air flow passage for inhaling outdoor air forcibly from the outdoor air suction opening and blowing it to the outdoor air exhaust opening, an indoor air suction opening formed at another position of the indoor side surface of the casing, an indoor air exhaust opening formed at another position of the outdoor side surface of the casing, an indoor air flow passage formed with a wall partitioned against the outdoor flow passage for interconnecting the indoor air suction opening with the indoor air exhaust opening to each other, and a second fan provided in the indoor air flow passage for inhaling indoor air forcibly from the indoor air suction opening and blowing it to the indoor air exhaust opening.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A window having ventilation equipment comprising: a window frame formed with a separation passage between outdoor window glass and indoor window glass; a first mounting hole penetrating from outdoor side to indoor side at a position of said window frame, the inside of which can communicate with said separation passage; a second mounting hole penetrating from outdoor side to indoor side at another position of said window frame, the inside of which can communicate with said separation passage; a first casing inserted into said first mounting hole, and formed with a first indoor air flow opening which is opened toward indoor side and a first outdoor air flow opening which is opened toward outdoor side; a second casing inserted into said second mounting hole, and formed with a second indoor air flow opening which is opened toward indoor side and a second outdoor air flow opening which is opened toward outdoor side; a fan provided in the inside of said first casing for blowing from the inside of said first casing to said second casing through said separation passage; and a plurality of switching means respectively provided in said first indoor air flow opening and said first outdoor air flow opening, as well as said second indoor air flow opening and said second outdoor air flow opening. 2. The window having ventilation equipment of claim 1, wherein said switching means comprises: a switching portion provided on the inside surface of each said flow opening respectively, and formed with a communicating opening which can communicate with said flow opening; a protrusion sill protruded on a side of said switching portion; a screw axis penetrating through said protrusion sill, and engaged with said protrusion sill; and a reciprocal rotating motor for sliding said switching portion with reciprocal rotation of said screw axis. 3. The window having ventilation equipment of claim 1, wherein a cleaning filter is inserted at the location adjoining the entrance of said separation passage of said first casing. 4. The window having ventilation equipment of claim 1, wherein a sliding groove extending from indoor side to outdoor side is formed on the inside of said first mounting hole or said second mounting hole, and a sliding protrusion for allowing sliding insertion of said first casing or said second casing respectively into said sliding groove toward the inside of said first mounting hole or said second mounting hole is formed on the lateral side of said first casing or said second casing. 5. The window having ventilation equipment of claim 1, wherein a door frame for allowing opening/closing of said indoor window glass or said outdoor window glass is provided in said window frame. 6. The window having ventilation equipment of claim 1, wherein solar cell for supplying power is provided on said indoor window glass. 7. The window having ventilation equipment of claim 1, wherein a microprocessor having a gas detecting sensor which can detect the content of harmful gases contained in indoor air, thereby controlling the operation of said fan, is provided in the indoor side surface of said window frame. 