A method and apparatus for housing an electronic device are provided. The apparatus includes an environmentally sealed chamber to protect the electronic device from harsh environments. The environmental conditions of the chamber are controllable using environmental controls which are controlled by digital processor with a stored program coupled with sensors. The digital processor may also control the application of power from an external interface. The apparatus also includes a self-contained power source running from a primary fuel. A control system is provided for managing power production and energy storage to maintain continuity of environmental conditions.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A portable apparatus for housing an electronic device, comprising: an environmentally sealed chamber having environmental conditions therein, wherein the chamber is adapted to receive the device; environmental controls that control the environmental conditions; at least two different types of self-contained power sources, each of which is adapted to generate power for operating the device; and a digital controller for monitoring the environmental conditions of the chamber and for selectively activating and deactivating the environmental controls to control the environmental conditions, wherein the digital controller is configured to regulate power generated by at least one of the self-contained power sources. 2. The portable apparatus for housing the electronic device, as recited in claim 1, wherein the at least two different types of self-contained power sources include a fuel cell and at least one of a wind turbine and solar panels. 3. The portable apparatus for housing the electronic device, as recited in claim 1, wherein the at least two different types of self-contained power sources include at least one of a permeable exchange fuel cell, a solid oxide fuel cell and a direct methanol fuel cell. 4. The portable apparatus for housing the electronic device, as recited in claim 1, wherein the at least two different types of self-contained power sources are direct current devices having low electromagnetic radiation. 5. The portable apparatus for housing the electronic device, as recited in claim 1, wherein the at least two different types of self-contained power sources cooperate to generate power for operating the device by collectively supplying a steady supply of electric power to the electronic device. 6. A portable apparatus for housing an electronic device, comprising: an environmentally sealed chamber having environmental conditions therein, wherein the chamber is adapted to receive the device; environmental controls that control the environmental conditions; at least two different types of self-contained power sources, each of which is adapted to generate power for operating the device; a digital controller for monitoring the environmental conditions of the chamber and for selectively activating and deactivating the environmental controls to control the environmental conditions; and a plurality of sensors configured to detect environmental conditions and provide information regarding the environmental conditions to the digital controller. 