Devices that couple to high voltage transmission lines obtain power themselves using the body capacitance of an element of the devices. The devices generate a comparatively lower voltage from the current flowing between the high voltage line and the element of the device that generates the body capacitance. The devices can be used to operate sensors that monitor the transmission lines or parameters of the power distribution system, such as current, line temperature, vibration, and the like. The devices can also be used as indicators, such as aircraft warning lights, information signs, etc. In addition, the devices can operate as RF transmission/reception or repeater devices, radar devices, mesh networking nodes, video/audio surveillance, sound emitting devices for scaring animals, drones that traverse the power line, etc. Because the devices operate in response to line voltage rather than current, the devices are reliable even in low current conditions.
Claims We claim: 1. An apparatus for mounting on a power line carrying a high AC line voltage, the apparatus comprising: a conductive body having a body capacitance; a power supply comprising at least two input terminals; a first of said at least two input terminals coupled to said conductive body and a second of said at least two input terminals operative to be coupled to said power line; electronic circuitry coupled to said power supply; wherein a primary current flows through said power supply between said conductive body and said power line and said power supply converts said primary current into a supply of power at a voltage substantially lower than said high AC line voltage for operation of said electronic circuitry. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said voltage substantially lower than said high AC line voltage is below 100 volts DC. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said electronic circuitry comprises: a sensor operative to sense at least one parameter. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein said at least one parameter comprises at least one of ambient temperature, internal temperature, temperature of said power line, strain, humidity, elevation, position, ambient light level, air quality, vibration, acceleration, sound level and atmospheric pressure. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises: a radio frequency transmitter operative to transmit said parameter to a remote device which is not physically coupled to said apparatus. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises: a radio frequency positioning receiver operative to receive position information and determine the position of said apparatus. 7. The apparatus of claim 5 further comprising: a directional antenna coupled to said radio frequency transmitter and operative to focus radio frequency energy emanating from said radio frequency transmitter. 8. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises: a wireless transmitter operative to transmit said parameter to a remote device which is not physically coupled to said apparatus. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein said wireless transmitter is a radio frequency transmitter. 10. The apparatus of claim 8 further comprising: a directional antenna coupled to said wireless transmitter and operative to focus radio frequency energy emanating from said wireless transmitter. 11. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein: said electronic circuitry further comprises a processor operative to secure data incorporating said parameter; and said wireless transmitter is operative to transmit said data. 12. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises: a radio frequency positioning receiver operative to receive position information and determine the position of said apparatus. 13. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said electronic circuitry comprises a current sensor operative to sense current flow in said power line. 14. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein said current sensor comprises at least one of a Hall effect sensor, a Rogowski coil, a magnetic core current transformer and an optical current transducer. 15. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein said current sensor comprises an active current transformer. 16. The apparatus of claim 13 further comprising: at least one analog to digital converter coupled to said current sensor; a processor coupled to said at least one analog to digital converter and operative to receive digital samples representative of said current flow in said power line from said analog to digital converter; and a wireless transmitter coupled to said processor and operative to transmit said digital samples to a remote device which is not physically coupled to said apparatus. 17. The apparatus of claim 16 wherein said wireless transmitter is a radio frequency transmitter. 18. The apparatus of claim 17 further comprising: a directional antenna coupled to said radio frequency transmitter and operative to focus radio frequency energy emanating from said radio frequency transmitter. 19. The apparatus of claim 16 wherein said wireless transmitter is a laser. 20. The apparatus of claim 16 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises: a radio frequency positioning receiver coupled to said processor, operative to receive position information and determine the position of said apparatus. 21. The apparatus of either of claims 8 or 16 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises: a wireless receiver; and a processor coupled with said wireless receiver and said wireless transmitter; said processor operative to integrate said apparatus into a mesh network. 22. The apparatus of claim 13 further comprising: at least one analog to digital converter coupled to said current sensor; a processor coupled to said at least one analog to digital converter and operative to receive digital samples representative of said current flow in said power line from said analog to digital converter; a time synchronization receiver coupled to said processor; and wherein said processor is operative to associate at least one timestamp from said time synchronization receiver with said digital samples. 23. The apparatus of claim 22 further comprising a radio frequency transmitter coupled to said processor and operative to transmit said digital samples to a remote device which is not physically coupled to said apparatus. 24. The apparatus of claim 23 wherein said time synchronization receiver further comprises: a radio frequency positioning receiver operative to receive position information and determine the position of said apparatus. 25. The apparatus of claim 23 further comprising a directional antenna coupled to said radio frequency transmitter and operative to focus radio frequency energy emanating from said radio frequency transmitter. 26. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein said electronic circuitry comprises a voltage sensor operative to sense voltage on said power line. 27. The apparatus of claim 26 wherein said electronic circuitry comprises at least one analog to digital converter coupled to said voltage sensor and said current sensor; and a processor coupled to said at least one analog to digital converter and operative to receive digital samples representative of said current flow in said power line and said voltage on said power line from said analog to digital converter. 28. The apparatus of claim 27 wherein said current sensor comprises at least one of a Hall effect sensor, a Rogowski coil, a current transformer and an optical current transducer. 29. The apparatus of claim 27 wherein said current sensor comprises an active current transformer. 30. The apparatus of claim 27 wherein said processor is operative to calculate power flow in said power line using said digital samples. 31. The apparatus of claim 30 further comprising a radio frequency transmitter coupled to said processor and operative to transmit the result of said power flow calculation to a remote device. 32. The apparatus of claim 31 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises: a radio frequency positioning receiver coupled to said processor, operative to receive position information and determine the position of said apparatus. 33. The apparatus of claim 31 further comprising a directional antenna coupled to said radio frequency transmitter and operative to focus radio frequency energy emanating from said radio frequency transmitter. 34. The apparatus of claim 27 further comprising a radio frequency transmitter coupled to said processor and operative to transmit said digital samples to a remote device which is not physically coupled to said apparatus. 35. The apparatus of claim 34 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises a radio frequency positioning receiver coupled to said processor, operative to receive position information and determine the position of said apparatus. 36. The apparatus of claim 34 further comprising a directional antenna coupled to said radio frequency transmitter and operative to focus radio frequency energy emanating from said radio frequency transmitter. 37. The apparatus of claim 27 further comprising: a time synchronization receiver coupled to said processor; and wherein said processor is operative to associate at least one timestamp from said time synchronization receiver with said digital samples. 38. The apparatus of claim 37 further comprising a radio frequency transmitter coupled to said processor and operative to transmit said digital samples to a remote device which is not physically coupled to said apparatus. 39. The apparatus of claim 38 wherein said time synchronization receiver further comprises a radio frequency positioning receiver operative to receive position information and determine the position of said apparatus. 40. The apparatus of claim 38 further comprising a directional antenna coupled to said radio frequency transmitter and operative to focus radio frequency energy emanating from said radio frequency transmitter. 41. The apparatus of claim 37 wherein said processor is operative to produce power flow data indicative of power flow in said power line using said digital samples. 42. The apparatus of claim 41 further comprising a radio frequency transmitter coupled to said processor and operative to transmit said power flow data to a remote device which is not physically coupled to said apparatus. 43. The apparatus of claim 42 wherein said radio frequency transmitter is further operative to transmit at least one of said digital samples to said remote device. 44. The apparatus of claim 42 wherein said time synchronization receiver further comprises a radio frequency positioning receiver operative to receive position information and determine the position of said apparatus. 45. The apparatus of claim 42 further comprising a directional antenna coupled to said radio frequency transmitter and operative to focus radio frequency energy emanating from said radio frequency transmitter. 46. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said electronic circuitry comprises at least one light source. 47. The apparatus of claim 46 wherein said conductive body comprises a sphere. 48. The apparatus of claim 47 where said second of said at least two input terminals comprises a clamp operative to engage said power line. 49. The apparatus of claim 46 wherein said conductive body comprises a cylinder. 50. The apparatus of claim 46 wherein said electronic circuitry comprises at least one processor operative to control the lighting of said light source. 51. The apparatus of claim 50 wherein said electronic circuitry comprises time synchronization reception circuitry operative to provide an indication of time to said processor; said processor operative to control said lighting based on said indication of time. 52. The apparatus of claim 51 wherein said time synchronization reception circuitry comprises a GPS receiver. 53. The apparatus of claim 51 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises a light sensor operative to sense ambient lighting conditions in the vicinity of said apparatus. 54. The apparatus of claim 53 wherein said processor is coupled to said light sensor and said light source; said processor operative to illuminate said light source when said light sensor indicates said ambient lighting conditions are below a threshold. 55. The apparatus of claim 46 further comprising an energy storage device coupled to said power supply and operative to supply power to said electronic circuitry when a condition exists such that said electronic circuitry demands more power than said power supply can produce. 56. The apparatus of claim 55 wherein said condition is the illumination of said light source. 57. The apparatus of claim 55 wherein said condition is the failure of said high AC line voltage. 58. The apparatus of claim 55 further comprising: a processor operative to control the application of charge to said energy storage device. 59. The apparatus of claim 46 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises a light sensor operative to sense ambient lighting conditions in the vicinity of said apparatus. 60. The apparatus of claim 59 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises a processor coupled to said light sensor and said light source; said processor operative to illuminate said light source when said light sensor indicates said ambient lighting conditions are below a threshold. 61. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said power supply comprises a transformer having at least a primary and a secondary winding, wherein said primary winding has a greater number of turns than said secondary winding. 62. The apparatus of claim 61 wherein said power supply comprises: a capacitor; a rectification circuit coupled to said capacitor and operative to allow said capacitor to charge to a DC voltage from said power flow; a controller operative to prevent and allow the flow of current through said primary winding from said capacitor; a filter circuit coupled to said secondary winding and operative to produce said voltage substantially lower than said high AC line voltage; and a feedback circuit coupled to said filter circuit and said controller wherein said controller uses the output of said feedback circuit to modulate said prevention and allowance of current flow in order to regulate said voltage substantially lower than said high AC line voltage. 63. The apparatus of claim 62 further comprising an energy storage device coupled to said DC voltage substantially lower than said high AC line voltage and operative to supply power to said electronic circuitry for a period of time if said high AC line voltage fails. 64. The apparatus of claim 63 further comprising a processor operative to control the application of charge to said energy storage device. 65. The apparatus of claim 62 wherein said electronic circuitry comprises a sensor operative to sense at least one parameter. 66. The apparatus of claim 62 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises a radio frequency transmitter operative to transmit data to a remote device which is not physically coupled to said apparatus. 67. The apparatus of claim 66 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises a radio frequency positioning receiver operative to receive position information and determine the position of said apparatus. 68. The apparatus of claim 66 further comprising a directional antenna coupled to said radio frequency transmitter and operative to focus radio frequency energy emanating from said radio frequency transmitter. 69. The apparatus of claim 62 wherein said electronic circuitry comprises at least one light source. 70. The apparatus of claim 62 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises an electric motor operative to propel said apparatus along said power line. 71. The apparatus of claim 62 wherein said electronic circuitry comprises at least one of a radar transmitter, fiber optic transmitter, a power line carrier transceiver, a display, a mesh networking transceiver, a sound emitting device, a video surveillance device, an audio surveillance device, a radio frequency repeater, an information sign and an advertising sign. 72. The apparatus of claim 63 wherein said power supply further comprises at least one of a solar panel and a wind turbine. 73. The apparatus of claim 61 wherein said power supply comprises: a rectification circuit coupled across said secondary winding; a capacitor coupled to the output of said rectification circuit and operative to produce a DC voltage substantially lower than said high AC line voltage; a regulator coupled to said capacitor and operative to regulate said DC voltage substantially lower than said high AC line voltage; and wherein said primary winding is coupled in series between said conductive body and said power line. 74. The apparatus of claim 73 further comprising an energy storage device coupled to said DC voltage substantially lower than said high AC line voltage and operative to supply power to said electronic circuitry for a period of time if said high AC line voltage fails. 75. The apparatus of claim 74 further comprising a processor operative to control the application of charge to said energy storage device. 76. The apparatus of claim 73 wherein said electronic circuitry comprises a sensor operative to sense at least one parameter. 77. The apparatus of claim 73 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises a radio frequency transmitter operative to transmit data to a remote device which is not physically coupled to said apparatus. 78. The apparatus of claim 77 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises a radio frequency positioning receiver operative to receive position information and determine the position of said apparatus. 79. The apparatus of claim 77 further comprising a directional antenna coupled to said radio frequency transmitter and operative to focus radio frequency energy emanating from said radio frequency transmitter. 80. The apparatus of any of claims 5, 23, 31, 34, 38, 42, 66 or 77 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises: a radio frequency receiver; a process coupled to said radio frequency receiver and said radio frequency transmitter; said process operative to integrate said apparatus into a mesh network. 81. The apparatus of claim 73 wherein said electronic circuitry comprises at least one light source. 82. The apparatus of claim 81 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises a light sensor operative to sense ambient lighting conditions in the vicinity of said apparatus. 83. The apparatus of claim 82 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises a processor coupled to said light sensor and said light source; said processor operative to illuminate said light source when said light sensor indicates said ambient lighting conditions are below a threshold. 84. The apparatus of claim 81 wherein said electronic circuitry comprises time synchronization reception circuitry operative to provide an indication of time to said processor; said processor operative to control said lighting based on said indication of time. 85. The apparatus of claim 73 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises an electric motor operative to propel said apparatus along said power line. 86. The apparatus of claim 73 wherein said electronic circuitry comprises at least one of a radar transmitter, fiber optic transmitter, a power line carrier transceiver, a display, a mesh networking transceiver, a sound emitting device, a video surveillance device, an audio surveillance device, a radio frequency repeater, an information sign and an advertising sign. 87. The apparatus of claim 73 wherein said power supply further comprises at least one of a solar panel and a wind turbine. 88. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said electronic circuitry comprises at least one of a radar transmitter, fiber optic transmitter, a power line carrier transceiver, a display, a mesh networking transceiver, a sound emitting device, a video surveillance device, an audio surveillance device, a radio frequency repeater, an information sign and an advertising sign. 89. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said power supply further comprises at least one of a solar panel and a wind turbine. 90. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises an electric motor operative to propel said apparatus along said power line. 91. The apparatus of claim 90 further comprising at least one of a video camera, vibrating motor and electronically driven hammer coupled to said electronic circuitry. 92. The apparatus of any of claims 1, 5, 8, 16, 23, 31, 34, 38, 42, 44, 51, 66, 77 or 88 wherein said conductive body comprises a sphere. 93. The apparatus of claim 92 where said second of said at least two input terminals comprises a clamp operative to engage said power line. 94. The apparatus of any of claims 1, 5, 8, 16, 23, 31, 34, 38, 42, 44, 51, 66, 77 or 88 wherein said conductive body comprises a cylinder. 95. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said electronic circuitry comprises a voltage sensor operative to sense voltage on said power line. 96. A method of powering an apparatus mountable coupled with a power line carrying a high AC line voltage, the method comprising: mounting an apparatus having a conductive portion on a power line; connecting a first terminal of a power supply of the apparatus to the power line and connecting a second terminal of the power supply to the conductive portion such that a primary current flows between said power line and a body capacitance of the conductive portion of said apparatus; converting said primary current into a supply of power at a voltage substantially lower than said high AC line voltage; and providing said supply of power to electronic circuitry coupled to said apparatus. 97. The method of claim 96 wherein said high AC line voltage is greater than ten thousand volts. 98. The method of claim 96 wherein said electronic circuitry comprises at least one of a voltage sensor and a current sensor. 99. A power grid monitoring system comprising: at least two apparatus, each apparatus comprising: a conductive body having a body capacitance; a power supply comprising at least two input terminals; a first of said at least two input terminals coupled to said conductive body and a second of said at least two input terminals operative to be coupled to said power line; electronic circuit coupled to said power supply, the electronic circuitry operative to sense at least one of current flow with a current sensor and a voltage of said power line with a voltage sensor, the electronic circuit further comprising: at least one analog to digital converter coupled to said voltage sensor and said current sensor; and a processor coupled to said at least one analog to digital converter and operative to receive digital samples representative of said current flow in said power line and said voltage on said power line from said analog to digital converter; wherein a primary current flows through said power supply between said conductive body and said power line and said power supply converters said primary current into a supply of power at a voltage substantially lower than said high AC line voltage for operation of said electronic circuitry; at least two receiving devices each operative to receive data indicative of voltage from at least one of said at least two apparatus; and at least one monitoring device operative to receive said data indicative of voltage from said at least two receiving devices and at least one of display and analyze said data indicative of voltage from more than one location on said power grid. 100. A power grid monitoring system comprising: at least two apparatus, each apparatus comprising: a conductive body having a body capacitance; a power supply comprising at least two input terminal; a first of said at least two input terminals coupled to said conductive body and a second of said at least tow input terminals operative to be coupled to said power line; electronic circuitry coupled to said power supply, the electronic circuitry operative to sense at least one of a current flow with a current sensor and a voltage of said power line with a voltage sensor, the electronic circuit further comprising: wherein a primary current flows through said power supply between said conductive body and said power line and said power supply converts said primary current into a supply of power at a voltage substantially lower than said high AC line voltage for operation of said electronic circuitry; at least two receiving devices each operative to receive data indicative of voltage from at least one of said at least two apparatus; at least one monitoring device operative to receive said data indicative of voltage from said at least two receiving devices and at least one of display and analyze said data indicative of voltage from more than one location on said power grid; wherein said at least two receiving devices are further operative to receive said position information from at least one of said at least two apparatus; and wherein said at least one monitoring device is operative to receive said position information from said at least two receiving devices and display the position of said at least two apparatus. 