The present invention relates to an apparatus for collecting and transmitting sunlight into a space comprising a solar ray collecting device, a solar light transmitting device and a solar light emitting device, wherein said solar ray collecting device is arranged to collect sunlight and direct said sunlight to said solar light transmitting device, said solar ray transmitting device is arranged to transmit said sunlight from said solar ray collecting device into said space and to said solar light emitting device, and said solar light emitting device is arranged to emit solar light in said space. Said solar ray collecting device comprises at least one convex lens and at least one concave lens, and at least said convex lens or said concave lens is arranged to be movable in dependence of the angle of incident solar light so as to focus the solar light onto said solar light transmitting means through said convex and concave lens.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A panel for mounting on a building comprising a solar ray collecting device, said panel is further arranged to be substantially transparent to a substantial part of the indirect, or ambient, light so that said panel, when mounted on a building, allows ambient light into said building and collects direct sun light falling on said panel, said solar ray collecting device is arranged to collect a substantial part of the direct sun light falling on said panel and direct said collected sun light on a light transportation means or a light transformation means, said solar ray collecting device is a lens arrangement having optical lenses for focusing said direct sunlight onto said light transportation means or light transformation means, and wherein said lenses in said lens arrangement is provided to allow ambient daylight to pass said panel to lit a space in said building with a natural light, wherein, said lens arrangement comprises, in light propagating direction, first lenses arranged side by side having first substantially planar surfaces and second convex surfaces, second lenses arranged side by side having third concave surfaces and fourth substantially flat surfaces so that direct sunlight passes first, second, third and fourth surfaces in said order, and said first and second lenses are displaceable in relation to each other in at least a first direction. 2. The panel according to claim 1, wherein said light transportation means is a light conducting fiber. 3. The panel according to claim 1, wherein said light transformation means is a light to electricity conversion means e.g. a fotodiod. 4. The panel according to claim 1, wherein said panel comprises, in light propagation direction, a transparent top side and a transparent bottom side connected at the sides to form a box, said box encloses a lens arrangement for collecting direct sun light. 5. The panel according to claim 1, wherein at least one of said first and/or second lenses are displaceable along a straight plane parallel to said top and bottom sides. 6. A solar panel system comprising the panel of claim 1 and a mechanical displacing device for moving an object, such as a lens, in dependence of the sun's position in the sky, including, a solar ray shield having at least one aperture, at least a first solar ray sensitive tongue, such as a bimetal or memory alloy tongue, arranged at least partly under said at least one aperture in the direction of incident solar rays, an actuator rod coupled to said solar ray sensitive tongue and arranged to displace said solar ray shield and/or said solar ray sensitive tongue in relation to each other in dependence of the incident angle of solar rays. 7. The mechanical displacing device according to claim 6, wherein said displacing device comprises at least two solar ray sensitive tongues arranged parallel with each other under said aperture in the direction of incident solar light, said at least two solar ray sensitive tongues are coupled to said actuator rod so as to force said actuator rod to move said solar ray shield and/or said at least two solar ray tongues in relation to each other to achieve an equilibrium. 8. The mechanical displacing device according to claim 6, wherein said actuator rod is arranged to displace said solar ray shield and/or said at least two solar ray tongues in relation to each other in a east-west direction. 9. The mechanical displacing device according to claim 6, wherein said actuator rod is arranged to displace said solar ray shield and/or said at least two solar ray tongues in relation to each other in a south-north direction. 10. The mechanical displacing device according to claim 9, wherein said displacing device comprises four solar ray sensitive tongues coupled to said actuator rod so as to force said actuator rod to move said solar ray shield and/or said four solar ray tongues in relation to each other in a first and a second direction. 11. An apparatus for collecting sunlight having a solar ray collecting device, comprising a first set of lenses arranged in arrays side by side to form a first sheet of lenses, a second set of lenses arranged in arrays side by side to form a second sheet of lenses, means for moving said first and second sheet of lenses in relation to each other, said first and second sheet of lenses is movable with relation to each other substantially only along a substantially flat plane so that the distance between said first and second sheet is kept constant to thereby focus said sunlight onto a light transportation means or a light transformation means, wherein each of said lens in said first set of lenses comprises a first substantially flat surface and a second convex surface, each of said lens in said second set of lenses comprises a third concave surface and a fourth substantially flat surface, and incident light passes through said lens arrangement through said first, second, third and fourth surface in that order. 12. The apparatus according to claim 11 for collecting and transmitting sunlight into a space comprising a solar light transmitting device and a solar light emitting device, wherein said solar ray collecting device is arranged to collect sunlight and direct said sunlight to said solar light transmitting device, said solar ray transmitting device is arranged to transmit said sunlight from said solar ray collecting device into said space and to said solar light emitting device, and said solar light emitting device is arranged to emit solar light in said space, wherein at least one of said first and/or second sheet is arranged to be movable in dependence of the angle of incident solar light so as to focus the solar light onto said solar light transmitting means through said convex and concave lens. 13. The apparatus according to claim 11, wherein said first and/or second sheet is movable in a first direction corresponding to the direction of the sun's movement over the sky during a day. 14. The apparatus according to claim 11, wherein said first and/or second sheet is movable in a second direction corresponding to the sun's height over the horizon. 15. The apparatus according to claim 11, wherein said movement of said first and/or second sheet is achieved through a displacing device wherein said displacing device comprises solar ray sensitive means arranged to detect the position of the sun in the sky and actuating means arranged to move said convex and/or concave lens in dependence of the detected sun position. 16. The apparatus according to claim 15, wherein said actuating means is an electric motor. 