A reflector array comprises a plurality of partial parabolic reflectors arranged in rows and columns with each reflector directing radiation to a receiver or from a transmitter located at the focus of the reflector. In a compact photovoltaic cell arrangement, each cell is shielded from direct radiation by the adjacent reflector. The reflectors can be formed as one unit with reflective material or with the reflecting surfaces coated with aluminum, silver, or other suitable reflecting material. A secondary reflector can be positioned at the focus of a reflector for directing radiation to a receiver or from a transmitter located at a more accessible location in the array.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A compact photovoltaic module comprising: a) a plurality of radiation reflectors each comprising an asymmetric portion of a parabolic or similarly shaped surface having a vertically and a longitudinally curved configuration, the plurality of radiation reflectors being serially arranged, and b) a plurality of photovoltaic cells with each cell having a corresponding reflector for directing radiation to the cell, each cell being shielded from direct radiation by an adjacent reflector and with the corresponding reflector directing off-axis radiation to the cell. 2. The compact photovoltaic module as defined by claim 1 wherein each reflector comprises a formed material with a reflective surface. 3. The compact photovoltaic module as defined by claim 2 wherein the formed material is reflective. 4. The compact photovoltaic module as defined by claim 2 wherein the formed material includes a reflective coating. 5. The compact photovoltaic module as defined by claim 4 wherein the reflective coasting comprise aluminum. 6. The compact photovoltaic module as defined by claim 4 wherein the reflective coating comprises silver. 7. The compact photovoltaic module as defined by claim 2 wherein all reflectors are formed as one unit. 8. The compact photovoltaic module as defined by claim 2 and further including a secondary reflector located at or near the focus of a radiation reflector for directing radiation to a corresponding cell. 9. The compact photovoltaic module as defined by claim 2 and further including an optical refractor with each cell. 10. The compact photovoltaic module as defined by claim 2 wherein each cell is located at or near the focus of its corresponding reflector. 11. A radiation reflector array comprising a plurality of radiation reflectors arranged in rows and columns, each radiation reflector comprising an asymmetric portion of a parabolic or similarly shaped surface arranged in a vertically and a longitudinally curved configuration enabling radiation to be directed to or from a focus hidden behind an adjacent reflector with the radiation being off-axis with respect to the parabolic reflector. 12. The radiation reflector array as defined by claim 11 wherein material comprising the reflector array is reflective. 13. The radiation reflector array as defined by claim 11 where each reflector comprises a formed material with a reflective coating on a surface. 14. The radiation reflector array as defined by claim 13 wherein the reflective coating comprises aluminum. 15. The radiation reflector array as defined by claim 13 wherein the reflective coating comprises silver. 16. The radiation reflector array as defined by claim 13 wherein all reflectors are formed as one unit. 17. The radiation reflector array as defined by claim 13 wherein each reflector transmits radiation to or from the focus of the radiation reflector. 18. The radiation reflector array as defined by claim 11 wherein a secondary reflector is located at the focus of the radiation reflector for directing radiation to and from the reflector. 19. The radiation reflector array as defined by claim 11 wherein each radiation reflector includes an appendage for the mounting of a receiver or transmitter. 