A power system is designed to provide reliable electrical power to a facility, in particular to a telecommunications facility. The system includes a number of proton exchange membranes (PEMs) adapted to provide DC power. The system is configured so that the PEMs receive fuel from a header that is supplied by a number of hydrogen generators. Storage tanks are also included to provide hydrogen to the header if the hydrogen generators fail. The hydrogen generators receive electricity initially from an array of photovoltaic panels. If the photovoltaic panels fail then AC power from a commercial utility is provided to the hydrogen generators. Finally, the system includes a number of super capacitors that are operable to maintain power during the time required to change between power sources.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A hydrogen-production system, comprising: a first device adapted to produce a first source of electrical power using light; a second device adapted to extract hydrogen from a substance using said first source of electrical power produced by said first device; and a switch operable to a first position which completes a circuit between said first device and said second device when sufficient light is available. 2. The system of claim 1 comprising: a container for storing said hydrogen extracted. 3. The system of claim 2 comprising: means to compress said hydrogen before it is stored in said container. 4. The system of claim 1 comprising: a conversion device for converting said first source of electrical power produced by said first device from DC to AC. 5. The system of claim 4 wherein said conversion device is an inverter. 6. The system of claim 1 in which said switch is photosensitive. 7. The system of claim 1 in which said switch is operable to a second position which closes said circuit between said first source of electrical power and said second device. 8. The system of claim 7 in which said second position completes a circuit between a second source of electrical power and said second device. 9. The system of claim 8 in which said second source of electrical power is derived from a commercial utility. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein said substance comprises water, the system further comprising a storage container adapted to receive said water which is a byproduct of processes performed by a fuel cell in said system. 11. The system of claim 1 comprising: a tank for storing said hydrogen extracted under pressure at a predetermined minimum level; a pressure sensor for detecting when said pressure is below said predetermined minimum level; and a control system for activating said second device when said pressure falls below said minimum level to maintain ample hydrogen in said tank. 12. The system of claim 11 comprising: a predetermined maximum level of said pressure in said tank; said pressure sensor adapted to detecting when said pressure is above said predetermined maximum; and said control system adapted to deactivate said second device when said pressure exceeds said maximum level in said tank. 13. The system of claim 1 wherein said first device comprises a photovoltaic device and said second device comprises a hydrogen generator. 