A cryogenic shipping and storage container, with an on-board cooling unit in the form of a bunker for holding solid refrigerant. The unit can be configured for different sizes, and to refrigerate rather than freeze product.
Claims I claim: 1. A container for frozen shipping of products at extreme subzero temperatures, comprising: a generally rectangular container body, sidewalls, top and bottom, and defining a product compartment; an outer skin, covering said sidewalls and said top and bottom sides, for structural protection of said container from the environment; an inner skin, for isolating and protecting the container from the product being shipped, with said inner skin secured within said container without any thermally conductive connection with said outer skin; an insulation layer between said outer skin and said outer skin, for preventing heat transfer between said product compartment and said outer skin; at least one access door in said container body for placement and removal of said product said container body, and for access to a bunker; a second door with access to said refrigerant bunker to allow refrigerant to be recharged without the loss of refrigerant already inside said bunker; at least one latch for securing said access door in a closed position; a refrigerant bunker in the container body, for holding solid refrigerant; a pressure release valve in said container body, for relieving pressure buildup inside said container body; and a non freezing gasket between said container body and said first door, so that said first door may be opened and is not frozen to said container body; wherein said bunker is configured to be loaded with a solid refrigerant, and said product compartment is configured for placement of a product to be frozen or which is already frozen through said access door, with said access door sealable with said latch for transport of product in a frozen state. 2. The container of claim 1, which further includes a forklift compatible base attached to the container body, to facilitate forklift movement of said shipping container. 3. The container of claim 1 in which said bunker comprises at least one side permeable to gasses. 4. The shipping container of claim 1 in which said bunker is positioned in the center of said top on the inside of said container body. 5. The shipping container of claim 1 in which said non-freezing gasket further comprises electrical heat trace conductors to keep said first door from being frozen shut, and a power source. 6. The shipping container of claim 5 in which said power source is an electrical connection through which external power is supplied to the shipping container. 7. The shipping container of claim 5 in which said power source is a battery. 8. The shipping container of claim 1 which further includes a drain valve, for removing liquid from the interior of the shipping container. 9. A container for frozen shipping of products at extreme subzero temperatures, comprising: a generally rectangular container body, sidewalls, top and bottom, and defining a product compartment; an outer skin, covering said sidewalls and said top and bottom sides, for structural protection of said container from the environment; an inner skin, for isolating and protecting the container from the product being shipped, with said inner skin secured within said container without any thermally conductive connection with said outer skin; an insulation layer between said outer skin and said outer skin, for preventing heat transfer between said product compartment and said outer skin; a first access door in said container body for placement and removal of said product in said container body; at least one latch for securing said access door in a closed position; a refrigerant bunker in the container body, for holding solid refrigerant; a second access door for providing access to said bunker in said container body; at least one latch for said second access door; a pressure release valve in said container body, for relieving pressure buildup inside said container body; and a non freezing gasket between said container body and said first door, so that said first door may be opened and is not frozen to said container body; wherein said bunker is configured to be loaded with a solid refrigerant through said second access door, with second access door sealable with said latch, with said product compartment configured to be access through said first access door, with said product compartment is configured for placement of a product to be frozen or which is already frozen through said access door, with said access door sealable with said latch for transport of product in a frozen state. 10. The container of claim 1 in which said second access door is positioned in said top wall of said container body. 11. The container of claim 1 in which said second access door is positioned at the rear of said container, in the top wall of said container body. 12. The container of claim 1 which further includes a slide out product tray, which is configured for supporting the weight of said product when said tray is extended, and which is configured to slide into said product compartment for sealing and transport. 13. A container for frozen shipping of products at extreme subzero temperatures, comprising: a generally rectangular container body, sidewalls, top and bottom, and defining a product compartment; an outer skin, covering said sidewalls and said top and bottom sides, for structural protection of said container from the environment; an inner skin, for isolating and protecting the container from the product being shipped, with said inner skin secured within said container without any thermally conductive connection with said outer skin; an insulation layer between said outer skin and said outer skin, for preventing heat transfer between said product compartment and said outer skin; a first access door in said container body for placement and removal of said product in said container body; at least one latch for securing said access door in a closed position; a refrigerant bunker in the container body, for holding solid refrigerant; a second access door for providing access to said bunker in said container body; at least one latch for said second access door; a pressure release valve in said container body, for relieving pressure buildup inside said container body; and a non freezing gasket between said container body and said first door, so that said first door may be opened and is not frozen to said container body; a slide out product tray, which is configured for supporting the weight of said product when said tray is extended, and which is configured to slide into said product compartment for sealing and transport; wherein said bunker is configured to be loaded with a solid refrigerant through said second access door, with second access door sealable with said latch, with said product compartment configured to be access through said first access door, with said product compartment is configured for placement of a product to be frozen or which is already frozen through said access door, with said access door sealable with said latch for transport of product in a frozen state. 14. The container of claim 1 which is configured to have no parts protruding beyond the surface of said outer skin, in order to facilitate handling, storing, and shipping said container. 15. The shipping container of claim 1 in which at least one side of said bunker contains perforations, to aid in even heat distribution. 16. The shipping container of claim 1 which further includes a loading ram, which fits inside said bunker, and which is stored in said container, for use by the user to load refrigerant without coming into contact with said refrigerant. 17. The shipping container of claim 1 which further includes an internal safety release for opening said first door, accessible from within said shipping container. 18. The shipping container of claim 1 which further includes a metal interior lining which is thermally isolated from the outside of the shipping container. 19. The shipping container of claim 1 which further includes an active on-board refrigeration unit. 20. The shipping container of claim 1 which further includes an on-board and self contained liquid spray refrigeration system. 21. The shipping container of claim 1 which further includes a solar powered refrigeration system. 22. The container of claim 1 in which said first door and said second door are positioned side by side on a front side of said container. 23. The container of claim 1 which further includes a first product compartment for refrigerated product, and a second product compartment for frozen product, with a separation wall between the first and second product compartments, with said bunker located in said second product compartment, and cooling means provided to cool but not freeze product in said first product compartment. 24. The container of claim 23 in which the cooling means is a gas passage between the first and second product compartments. 25. The container of claim 24 in which said gas passage is adjustable to control the temperature in the first product compartment. 26. The container of claim 25 in which said gas passage is adjustable from outside the container. 27. The container of claim 23 in which the cooling means is a cooling element that extends from the second to the first product compartment, and transfers heat by conduction through the cooling element. 28. The container of claim 27 in which said cooling element is adjustable to control the amount of heat transfer, and thus the temperature in the first product compartment. 29. The container of claim 25 in which said cooling element is adjustable from outside the container. 30. The container of claim 23 in which said first door and said second door are positioned side by side on a front side of said container. 31. The container of claim 1 which is incorporated into a utility trailer, at least two wheels and a frame, and towing structure. 32. The container of claim 31 in which the utility trailer includes space for equipment such one of more ATVs and/or motorcycles. 33. The container of claim 1 which is configured for mounting in a vehicle as a cargo box. 