An exterior address porch light, lantern, device, apparatus, and method of making the light, lantern. The light, lantern can be made from plastics, such as PVC and the like, and have a generally cylindrical configuration, that can be mounted alongside exterior doorways, and the like, where existing porch light type lanterns are located. The light, lantern can be solar powered, and/or battery powered, and/or adapted for 120 volt building power supplies. The top of the lantern, light can have a solar cell on a cap cover which overhangs a vertically oriented PVC pipe shaped type housing. Inside the light, lantern can be a light source such as a bulb, and the like. Across the front exterior face can be a rectangular cut-out portion with lettering and/or numbering that can be illuminated from the light source. On the bottom of the pipe housing can be a bottom cap with a row of through-holes where light from the light source can be emitted therefrom, and be directed toward, door knobs, door bells, the entranceway to the exterior doorway, and the like. A light sensor can turn on the light source automatically at dusk, during night-time, and/or during poor weather conditions.
Claims I claim: 1. An exterior address porch light, comprising: a cylindrical housing formed from a PVC pipe having an upper open end and a bottom open end; address symbols across a vertical face of the cylindrical housing; and a light source for illuminating the address symbols; a battery for supplying power to the light source; an upper cap for covering the upper open end of the cylindrical housing, the upper cap having an upper surface, and downwardly sloping side edges which overhang and extend outward beyond side faces of the cylindrical housing, the downwardly sloping side edges being used as a protective roof for the light; a solar cell in the upper surface of the upper cap for receiving light to recharge the battery during daylight hours, wherein the light is mounted adjacent to an exterior doorway and doubles as both an illuminator for the exterior doorway and as the address identifier for the doorway; and a bottom cap cover for covering the bottom open end of the cylindrical housing, the bottom cap cover having a bottom surface and side walls, the side walls having at least one through-hole, wherein light from the light source emits therefrom. 2. The exterior address porch light of claim 1, further comprising: an 120 volt power source for providing electrical power to the light source that is hardwired to a building on which the light can be mounted, wherein the light source is powered by the 120 volt power source when the light source is not powered by the battery. 3. The exterior address porch light of claim 1, wherein the bottom cap cover includes: a row of through-holes through the side walls, wherein the light from the light source emits therefrom. 4. The exterior address porch light of claim 1, further comprising: a light sensor for activating the light source during dark conditions. 5. The exterior address porch light of claim 1, further comprising: a cone shaped mount for mounting the cylindrical housing in a vertical orientation. 6. The exterior address porch light of claim 5, further comprising: a socket inside an upper portion of the cylindrical housing, the socket being directly attached to an apex of the cone shaped mount, the socket being faced downward in the housing; and a bulb inside of the socket and aimed downward through the cylindrical housing. 7. A method of making a doorway address light comprising the steps of: providing a PVC pipe with an open upper end and an open bottom end; inserting a light source and a battery inside of the pipe; providing an upper cap with a solar cell on an upper surface, to cover the open upper end of the pipe; cutting a rectangular opening along one longitudinal face of the pipe; positioning address symbols in the rectangular opening of the pipe; mounting the pipe in a vertical orientation adjacent to a doorway; powering the light source from the battery; recharging the battery from the solar cell during daylight hours; and illuminating the address symbols with the powered light source; forming a protective roof for the doorway address light with downwardly slopping edges which overhang and extend outward beyond side faces of the cylindrical housing; covering the open bottom end of the pipe with a bottom cap cover, the bottom cap cover having side walls and a bottom surface; and cutting a row of plural through-holes through the side walls of the bottom cap cover, wherein the light source emits light through the plurality of the through-holes, and wherein the light source is located adjacent to an within the plurality of through-holes. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein the powering step further includes the step of: additionally powering the light source with 120 volt power supply, when the battery is not being used. 9. The method of claim 7, further comprising the cap of: activating the light source with a light sensor during dark environmental conditions. 10. An exterior address porch light, comprising: a cylindrical housing formed from a PVC pipe having an upper open end and a bottom open end; address symbols across a vertical face of the cylindrical housing; and a light source for illuminating the address symbols; a battery for supplying power to the light source; an upper cap for covering the upper open end of the cylindrical housing, the upper cap having an upper surface, and downwardly sloping side edges which overhang and extend outward beyond side faces of the cylindrical housing, the downwardly sloping side edges being used as a protective roof for the light; a solar cell in the upper surface of the upper cap for receiving light to recharge the battery during daylight hours, wherein the light is mounted adjacent to an exterior doorway and doubles as both an illuminator for the exterior doorway and as the address identifier for the doorway; and a bottom cap cover for covering the bottom open end of the cylindrical housing, the bottom cap cover having a bottom surface and side walls, the side walls having a row of through-holes for allowing light from the light source to emit therethrough. 