A nautical light emitting diode ("LED") safety channel marker that is cylindrical in shape, capable of displaying lighted oceanic regulation symbols on either side, and that at night illuminates the panels that display a red triangle and a green square through the use of LEDs that surround the perimeter of the square and triangle in order to more effectively prevent boats from colliding with the markers during the darkness hours.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar powered channel marker comprising a main body portion, substantially hollow and cylindrical in shape; means for collecting solar energy; a capping means to enclose said main body portion; means connecting said capping means to said main body portion to keep said capping means secured to said main body portion when said capping means is detached from said main body portion; one panel attached to the outside of said main body portion that displays a standard illuminated triangle through the use of red light emitting diodes surrounding the perimeter of said triangle; one panel attached to the outside of said main body portion on the opposite side of the side where said panel displaying said standard illuminated triangle that displays a standard illuminated square through the use of green light emitting diodes surrounding the perimeter of said square; a photocell that powers said light emitting diodes based upon how dark it is outside; attachment means located on the bottom perimeter of said main body portion for attachment to posts located in a channel, said attachment means being a plurality of apertures that attach to said posts through a series of nuts and bolts. 2. A solar powered channel marker as described in claim 1 wherein said means for collecting solar energy further comprises a solar panel; a battery cell; a mounting plate upon which said solar panel is mounted; a swivel base attached to the underside of said mounting plate, positioned substantially in the center of said mounting plate; a long pipe attached to said swivel base; a hinge bracket attached to the opposite end of said long pipe than the end attached to said swivel base allowing for the moving into and out of said main body portion of said solar panel; a charge controlling box located inside of said main body portion that turns off said solar panel when said battery is fully charged. 3. A solar powered channel marker as described in claim 2 wherein said battery is a 12 volt deep cell battery. 4. A solar powered channel marker as described in claim 2 wherein said battery rests inside of said main body portion on a shelf that is held in place by a plurality of blocks. 5. A solar powered channel marker as described in claim 1 wherein said main body portion is made of PVC tubing. 6. A solar powered channel marker as described in claim 1 wherein said capping means is a PVC pipe cap cover. 7. A solar powered channel marker as described in claim 1 wherein said connecting means connecting said capping means is a stainless steel cable with looped ends. 8. A solar powered channel marker as described in claim 1 wherein said panel illuminating a standard triangle further comprises a base portion made of aluminum sheets with rounded corners; a white reflective film backing sheet mounted to the front of said base portion; a red high reflective film triangle mounted to said base portion, positioned inside of said white reflective film; a plurality of red light emitting diodes surrounding the perimeter of said triangle; mounting means such as rubber wire grommets to mount said plurality of red LED lights to said base portion; aluminum covers attached to the back of said base portion to seal the wiring of said LED lights. 9. A solar powered channel marker as described in claim 1 wherein said panel illuminating a standard square further comprises a base portion made of aluminum sheets with rounded corners; a white reflective film backing sheet mounted to said base portion; a green high reflective film square mounted to said base portion, positioned inside of said white reflective film; a plurality of green light emitting diodes surrounding the perimeter of said square; mounting means such as rubber wire grommets to mount said plurality of green LED lights to said base portion; aluminum covers attached to the back of said base portion to seal the wiring of said LED lights. 10. A solar powered channel marker as described in claim 1 wherein a plurality of thin, stainless steel members protrude from an aperture located in the center of said capping means, said members being sufficiently long to repel birds from resting on said solar powered channel marker. 