Methods and systems for modifying or enhancing vision are described. In exemplary embodiments, neural or neuromuscular activity is analyzed to determine a focus or other quality that is desired of a visual image, and the focus or quality information used as a basis for controlling an adjustable lens system or optical system.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A system for modifying the vision of a subject, comprising: a) an adjustable lens system adapted to modify a visual input to provide a modified visual input to the subject; b) at least one sensor for detecting a neural signal from said subject; c) a signal processor configured to receive as input said neural signal and to process said neural signal to generate as output at least one quality parameter representing a quality of said modified visual input; and d) a lens system controller configured to receive said at least one quality parameter and to generate a lens system control signal for providing closed loop control of said adjustable lens system as a function of said at least one quality parameter. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein said visual input is a time-varying visual input. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein said controller is configured to provide closed loop control of said adjustable lens system on an ongoing basis. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein said at least one sensor is adapted to detect an electromagnetic signal. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein said at least one sensor is adapted to detect an electroencephalographic signal. 6. The system of claim 4, wherein said at least one sensor is adapted to detect a magnetoencephalographic signal. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein said neural signal is an optoelectronic measure of neural activity. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein said neural signal is detected using near Infra-Red imaging. 9. The system of claim 7, wherein said neural signal is an optoelectronic measure of at least one indicator of brain metabolic activity. 10. The system of claim 7, wherein said neural signal is an optoelectronic measure of at least one aspect of blood flow in the brain. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein said at least one sensor comprises at least one electrode. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein said at least one sensor comprises an array of electrodes located at a plurality of positions on the head of said subject. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein said at least one sensor comprises at least one electrode implanted within the body of said subject. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein said at least one sensor comprises at least one optoelectronic sensor. 15. The system of claim 1, further comprising a positioning device adapted for positioning said at least one sensor with respect to the head of said subject. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein said positioning device comprises a wearable positioning device. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein said positioning device includes a headband. 18. The system of claim 16, wherein said wearable positioning device is in the form of a hat, head covering, head apparel or head adornment. 19. The system of claim 16, wherein said wearable positioning device comprises a helmet. 20. The system of claim 16, wherein said wearable positioning device comprises an eyeglass frame. 21. The system of claim 20, wherein said eyeglass frame comprises a specialized bow, said bow including an extension shaped so that during use said extension extends backwards or downward of an ear of said subject to fit closely about a portion of the head of said subject. 22. The system of claim 1, wherein said adjustable lens system comprises an electroactive lens system. 23. The system of claim 1, wherein said adjustable lens system comprises a fluid lens. 24. The system of claim 23, wherein said fluid lens comprises an elastically deformable shell surrounding an inter-lens space, and wherein adjusting said fluid lens comprises adjusting a volume or pressure of fluid in said inter-lens space. 25. The system of claim 23, wherein said fluid lens includes an optically-functional interface between two immiscible fluids. 26. The system of claim 1, wherein said lens system controller is adapted to generate said lens system control signal based upon a pre-determined relationship between the value of said at least one quality parameter and said modified visual input. 27. The system of claim 26, wherein said pre-determined relationship is based upon stored quality parameter values and stored corresponding visual input values. 28. The system of claim 26, wherein said pre-determined relationship is defined by a mathematical functional relationship relating said at least one quality parameter to said visual input. 29. The system of claim 1, wherein said lens system controller is configured to generate a lens system control signal for updating the setting of said adjustable lens system at a specified update rate. 30. The system of claim 29, wherein said lens system controller comprises a device including a microprocessor, and wherein said update rate is controlled by a timer circuit. 31. The system of claim 29, wherein said lens system controller comprises a device including a microprocessor, and wherein said update rate is controlled by a software loop. 32. The system of claim 29, wherein said lens system controller comprises digital hardware, and wherein said update rate is under hardware or firmware control. 33. The system of claim 1, wherein said lens system controller is configured to adjust said adjustable lens system at a rate greater than the reciprocal of the intrinsic accommodation time of the lens of said eye. 34. The system of claim 1, wherein said lens system controller is configured to adjust said adjustable lens system at a rate greater than the greatest of the visual pigment reversal-rates of the photoreceptors of said eye. 35. The system of claim 1, wherein said lens system controller is configured to adjust the distance of said lens system relative to an eye surface of said eye. 36. The system of claim 1, wherein said lens system controller is configured to adjust the transverse position of said lens system with respect to the optical axis of said eye. 37. The system of claim 1, wherein said lens system comprises an adjustable effective aperture. 38. The system of claim 26, wherein said pre-determined relationship is established through a training protocol comprising: a) delivering a series of well-defined visual inputs having different values of said quality to said subject; b) detecting a series of neural signals produced in response to said series of well-defined visual inputs from said subject; c) determining said quality parameter of said series of neural signals; and d) determining a relationship between said quality of said visual inputs and said quality parameter of said neural signals. 39. The system of claim 38, wherein said training protocol is performed prior to use of said system. 40. The system of claim 38, wherein said training protocol is performed at intervals during the use of said system. 41. The system of claim 1, wherein said adjustable lens system has an adjustable focal length. 42. The system of claim 1, wherein said adjustable lens system has an adjustable magnification. 43. The system of claim 1, wherein said adjustable lens system has an adjustable spherical optical strength. 44. The system of claim 1, wherein said adjustable lens system has an adjustable cylindrical optical correction. 45. The system of claim 44, wherein said adjustable cylindrical optical correction comprises an adjustable cylindrical optical strength. 46. The system of claim 44, wherein said adjustable cylindrical correction comprises an adjustable cylindrical axis of optical orientation. 47. The system of claim 42, wherein said lens system controller is adapted to accept a magnification factor input. 48. The system of claim 47, wherein said lens system controller is adapted to adjust said lens system in response to said magnification factor and said quality parameter. 49. The system of claim 1, wherein said adjustable lens system has an adjustable transmissivity in at least one spectral waveband. 50. The system of claim 1, wherein said lens system controller is configured to control at least one characteristic of said adjustable lens system. 51. The system of claim 1, wherein said lens controller is configured to control multiple characteristics of said adjustable lens system. 52. The system of claim 1, further comprising a lens system actuator that actuates said adjustable lens system in response to said lens system control signal. 53. The system of claim 1, further comprising a power source. 54. The system of claim 53, wherein said power source comprises at least one of a battery, a photovoltaic cell, and an energy-scavenging device. 55. The system of claim 53, wherein said power source is connected to at least one other component of said system through inductive coupling or power beaming. 56. The method of claim 1, wherein said quality parameter includes a time or amplitude measure of a neural signal component that correlates with the perception by said subject of an in-focus state of said visual input. 57. The method of claim 1, wherein said quality parameter includes a time or amplitude measure of a neural signal component that correlates with the perception by said subject of an out-of-focus state of said visual input. 58. The method of claim 57, wherein said neural signal component correlates with the perception by said subject of a visual input focused in front of the light-sensitive surface of the retina of said eye. 59. The method of claim 57, wherein said neural signal component correlates with the perception by said subject of a visual input focused behind the light-sensitive surface of the retina of said eye. 60. The method of claim 1, wherein said quality parameter includes a time or amplitude measure of a neural signal component that correlates with an effort by said subject to focus at least one eye on at least a portion of said visual input. 61. The method of claim 1, wherein said quality parameter includes a time or amplitude measure of a neural signal component that correlates with an effort by said subject to direct the optical axis of at least one eye toward at least a portion of said visual input. 62. The system of claim 1, wherein said quality parameter comprises the amplitude of a peak of said detected neural signal. 63. The system of claim 1, wherein said quality parameter comprises a time or amplitude measure of a time-series of peaks of said detected neural signal. 64. The system of claim 1, wherein said quality parameter comprises an amplitude of at least one frequency component of said detected neural signal. 65. A system for modifying the vision of a subject, comprising: a) an adjustable optical system for modifying a real-time varying input image impinging on an eye of a subject; b) a detector for detecting a neural signal produced by said subject in response to said input image; c) a signal analyzer for performing an analysis of said neural signal to determine whether said input image is in focus on the light-sensitive surface of the retina; and d) an optical system controller adapted to control said adjustable optical system responsive to said analysis of said neural signal to bring said input image into focus on the light-sensitive surface of the retina. 66. The system of claim 65, wherein said adjustable optical system comprises: a) a first subsystem having a first spherical focal length, a first cylindrical focal power, a first axis of cylindrical-focal orientation, and a first controllable transmissivity; b) a second subsystem having a second spherical focal length, a second cylindrical focal power, a second axis of cylindrical-focal orientation, and a second transmissivity; and c) a switch whereby said first transmissivity and said second transmissivity can be adjusted to selectively direct said input image through one of said first subsystem and said second subsystem. 67. The system of claim 66, wherein said switch is configured to be controlled by said subject. 68. The system of claim 66, wherein said switch is configured to be controlled automatically. 69. The system of claim 68, wherein said switch is configured to be controlled automatically in response to vergence movement of at least one eye of said subject. 70. The system of claim 68, further comprising a range finder for determining the distance from said system to a visual target, wherein said switch is configured to be controlled automatically in response to the determined distance to a said visual target. 71. The system of claim 66, further comprising a mounting adapted for positioning said adjustable optical system with respect to said eye of said subject. 72. The system of claim 71, wherein said mounting comprises an eyeglass frame. 73. The system of claim 71 wherein said mounting comprises a frame mounted on a helmet, headband, hat, head covering, head apparel or head adornment. 74. The system of claim 71, wherein said mounting comprises a mechanical linkage connected to a base. 