An array of preferably at least three double-sided reflective panels mounted on a rigid frame pivoting at a mounting angle to create a double-sided reflective panel array. A tracking system positioning the rigid frame at a frame angle, with respect to the direct sun light, and with respect to pivoting at the mounting angle, to create a rigid frame position. The double-sided reflective panel array interacting with the direct sunlight based upon the rigid frame position to create the direct sun light attenuation. The sky viewed through the rigid frame mounted, double-sided reflective panel array and through the light tunnel creates the sky view.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A method of attenuating direct light from the sun at a location in the sky into a light tunnel in a sky light to create a direct sun light attenuation through said sky light and to create a sky view through said sky light, comprising the steps of: viewing said sky through an array of N double-sided reflective panels mounted on a rigid frame at a mounting angle and through said light tunnel to create said sky view; and said double-sided reflective panel array interacting with said direct sunlight based upon said rigid frame position to create said direct sun light attenuation, further comprising the step of: said double-sided reflective panel array reflectively directing said direct sunlight away from said light tunnel to create at least part of said direct sun light attenuation while said double-sided reflective panel array directs said sky into said light tunnel to create said sky view; and wherein said N is at least one. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein said N is at least three. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of said double-sided reflective panel array interacting the said direct sunlight further comprises at least one member of the collection comprising the steps of: said double-sided reflective panel array reflectively directing said direct sunlight into said light tunnel to create at least part of said direct sun light attenuation; and said double-sided reflective panel array passing said direct sunlight into said light tunnel to create at least part of said direct sun light attenuation. 4. The method of claim 3, further comprising the step of: positioning said rigid frame at a frame angle, with respect to said direct sun light, and with respect to pivoting at said mounting angle, to create a rigid frame position; wherein the step of said double-sided reflective panel array reflectively directing said direct sunlight into said light tunnel is further comprised of the step of: said double-sided reflective panel array reflectively directing said direct sunlight into said light tunnel based upon said rigid frame position to create said direct sun light attenuation; wherein the step of said double-sided reflective panel array reflectively directing said direct sunlight away from said light tunnel is further comprised of the step of: said double-sided reflective panel array reflectively directing said direct sunlight away from said light tunnel based upon said rigid frame position to create said direct sun light attenuation while said double-sided reflective panel array directs said sky into said light tunnel to create said sky view; and wherein the step of said double-sided reflective panel array passing said direct sunlight into said light tunnel is further comprised of the step of: said double-sided reflective panel array passing said direct sunlight into said light tunnel based upon said rigid frame position to create said direct sun light attenuation. 5. The method of claim 4, further comprising the step of: providing power to support positioning said rigid frame at said frame angle. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein the step providing said power is further comprised of the step of: providing at least part of said power from a solar cell mounted upon at least one of said double-sided reflective panels. 7. The method of claim 4, wherein the step positioning said rigid frame at said frame angle is further comprised of the step of: positioning said rigid frame based upon at least one member of a time collection comprising a local sidereal time and a yearly date. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein the step positioning said rigid frame at said frame angle is further comprised of the step of: positioning said rigid frame based upon at least one of entry of an attenuation table for at least one of said time collection members. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising a member of a collection comprising the steps of: displaying said attenuation table; modifying said attenuation table; displaying at least one of said time collection members; and modifying at least one of said time collection members. 10. The method of claim 7, further comprising the step of: operating an electric motor based upon at least one of said time collection members to position said rigid frame at said frame angle to create said rigid frame position. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein the step operating said electric motor is further comprised of the step of: said electric motor rotating said rigid frame about said mounting angle to create said rigid frame position. 