A concentrator photovoltaic solar cell array for terrestrial use for generating electrical power from solar radiation including a central support which is rotatable about its central longitudinal axis, a support frame carried by, and rotatable with respect to, the central support about an axis orthogonal to said central longitudinal axis, and a solar array mounted on the support frame. The solar cell array includes a plurality of Fresnel concentrator lenses and multijunction III-V compound semiconductor solar cells each producing in excess of 10 watts of DC power. An actuator is provided for rotating the central support and the support frame so that the solar cell array is maintained substantially orthogonal to the rays of the sun as the sun traverses the sky.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A concentrator photovoltaic solar cell array system for producing energy from the sun using a plurality of sun-tracking solar cell arrays, each array comprising: a central support having a stationary first member and second member, the first member being hollow and cylindrical and mountable on the ground, and a first, base end of the second member mounted within the cylindrical first member, the second member extending from the ground mountable first member and being capable of rotation relative to the stationary first member about its central longitudinal axis; a pair of inclined arms that extend respectively from the base end of the second member; a support frame carried by a second, opposing end of the second member and the pair of inclined arms, the support frame being rotatable with respect to the central support about an axis orthogonal to said central longitudinal axis; a generally rectangular planar solar cell array having a predetermined aspect ratio for producing in excess of 18 kW peak DC power on full illumination including a plurality of triple junction III-V semiconductor compound concentrator solar cell receivers mounted on the support frame; and an actuator for rotating the central support and the support frame so that the solar cell array is maintained substantially orthogonal to the rays from the sun as the sun traverses the sky. 2. A system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the solar cell array comprises a plurality of solar cell modules, each module including a single Fresnel lens disposed over a single solar cell for concentrating by a factor in excess of 500.times. the incoming sunlight onto the solar cell and producing in excess of 10 watts of DC power at AM 1.5 solar irradiation with conversion efficiency in excess of 37%, said module including a tapering support with the single Fresnel lens on one end and solar cell at the other end to focus light on the solar cell. 3. A system as claimed in claim 2, wherein the solar cell array comprises a plurality of subarrays each subarray consisting of a portion of the plurality of solar modules arranged in a rectangular matrix with thirteen modules in a first matrix direction, and twenty six modules in a second matrix direction orthogonal to the first matrix direction. 4. A system as claimed in claim 3, wherein the central support is constituted by the first member provided with means for mounting the central support on the ground, and the second member rotatably supported by, and extending upwardly from, the first member to support the support frame and solar array in a spaced apart relationship with the first member. 5. A system as claimed in claim 4, wherein the support frame is mounted on a cross member which is rotatably mounted with respect to the second member of the central support about an axis orthogonal to said central longitudinal axis. 6. A system as claimed in claim 5, wherein the support frame is constituted by a generally rectangular frame member which is provided with a plurality of parallel support struts which are parallel to the shorter sides of the rectangular frame member for supporting a plurality of subarrays. 7. A system as claimed in claim 6, further comprising a plurality of support arms, each of which extends between a respect one of said support struts and said second member. 8. A system as claimed in claim 1 wherein the predetermined aspect ratio further comprises an aspect ratio between 1:3 and 1:5. 9. A system as claimed in claim 1 wherein the predetermined aspect ratio further comprises an aspect ratio between 1:2 and 1:5. 10. A system as claimed in claim 1 wherein the solar cell receivers comprise (i) a solar cell consisting of a germanium bottom cell, a gallium arsenide middle cell, and an indium gallium phosphide top cell; (ii) an insolated bypass diode connected in parallel with the solar cell; and (iii) a connector for allowing the receivers to be connected to each other in an electrical circuit. 11. A system as claimed in claim 1 wherein the plurality of sun-tracking solar cell arrays further comprise a plurality of central supports mounted on the ground in a lattice pattern to optimize the amount of solar cells on the array in a given ground area and minimize land use of the plurality of solar cell arrays. 12. A concentrator photovoltaic solar cell array system for producing energy from the sun using a plurality of sun-tracking solar cell arrays, comprising: a plurality of central supports mounted on the ground in a lattice pattern to optimize the amount of solar cells on the array in a given ground area and minimize land use of the plurality of solar cell arrays, each support having a stationary first member, the first member being hollow and cylindrical and a second member, with a base portion of the second member mounted within the hollow first member, the second member extending from the stationary first member and being capable of rotation relative to the first member about its central longitudinal axis; each support having a pair of inclined arms that extend respectively from the base end of the second member; each support having a support frame carried a second opposing end of the second member and the pair of inclined arms, the support frame being rotatable with respect to the central support about an axis orthogonal to said central longitudinal axis; a rectangular solar cell array having a predetermined aspect ratio, with the longitudinal of the array parallel to the ground for producing in excess of 18 kW peak DC power on full illumination and including a plurality of triple junction III-V semiconductor compound solar cell receivers mounted on the support frame; and an actuator for rotating the central support and the support frame so that the solar cell array is maintained substantially orthogonal to the rays from the sun as the sun traverses the sky and wherein the lattice pattern that minimizes land use for the plurality of arrays includes a spacing between each of the plurality of central supports based upon the aspect ratio so that each of the arrays is fully illuminated for all positions wherein the sun is fifteen or more degrees above the horizon and there is no shadowing of any given array by any other array. 13. A system as claimed in claim 12, wherein the solar cell array comprises ten subarrays, each with a seven by twenty-six matrix of solar cell modules connected together in series or parallel, each module including a single nine inch by nine inch Fresnel lens disposed over a single solar cell receiver and supported by a tapering support for concentrating by a factor in excess of 500.times. the incoming sunlight onto the solar cell and producing in excess of 10 watts of DC power at AM 1.5 solar irradiation with conversion efficiency in excess of 37%, wherein the tapered support focuses light on the solar cell. 14. A system as claimed in claim 13, wherein the solar cell receiver comprises (i) a solar cell consists of a germanium bottom cell, a gallium arsenide middle cell, and an indium gallium phosphide top cell; (ii) an insolated bypass diode connected in parallel with the solar cell; and (iii) a connector for allowing the receivers to be connected to each other in an electrical circuit. 15. A system as claimed in claim 12 wherein the predetermined aspect ratio further comprises an aspect ratio between 1:3 and 1:5. 16. A system as claimed in claim 12 wherein the predetermined aspect ratio further comprises an aspect ratio between 1:2 and 1:5. 17. A concentrator photovoltaic solar cell array system for producing energy from the sun using a plurality of sun-tracking solar cell arrays, each array comprising: a plurality of central supports, each having a first and second member, the first member being hollow and cylindrical and mountable on the ground, and a base portion of the second member mounted within the first member, the second member extending from the ground mountable first member and being capable of rotation about its central longitudinal axis; wherein each of the plurality of central supports further comprises: a cross member supported by a second, opposing end of the second member; a pair of inclined arms that extend respectively from opposing ends of the cross member to the base portion of the second member; a support frame carried by the second, opposing end of the second member and the pair of inclined arms, and rotatable with respect to, the central supports about an axis orthogonal to said central longitudinal axis; a rectangular solar cell array having a predetermined aspect ratio including a plurality of triple junction III-V semiconductor compound solar cells each cell including a triple junction solar cell for terrestrial applications comprising: a germanium substrate including a first photoactive junction; a gallium arsenide middle cell disposed on said substrate; an indium gallium phosphide top cell disposed over said middle cell and having a bandgap to maximize absorption in the AM1.5 spectral region; a surface grid having 4-fold rotational symmetry for conduction of the relatively high current created by the cell where grid lines of each quadrant of the surface grid extend outwardly substantially orthogonal to an adjacent edge; an actuator for rotating the central support and the support so that the solar cell array is maintained substantially orthogonal to the rays from the sun as the sun traverses the sky; and a spacing between each of the central supports based upon the aspect ratio that optimizes the amount of solar cells in a given around area. 18. A system as claimed in claim 17, wherein the solar cell array comprises a plurality of solar cell modules, each module including a single Fresnel lens disposed over a single solar cell for concentrating by a factor in excess of 500.times. the incoming sunlight onto the solar cell and producing in excess of 10 watts of DC power at AM 1.5 solar irradiation with conversion efficiency in excess of 37% with a tapered support with the Fresnel lens at one end and the solar cell at the other end and wherein the tapered support focuses light on the solar cell. 19. A system as claimed in claim 17 wherein the predetermined aspect ratio further comprises an aspect ratio between 1:3 and 1:5. 20. A system as claimed in claim 17 wherein the predetermined aspect ratio further comprises an aspect ratio between 1:2 and 1:5. 