A planar concentrator solar power module has a planar base, an aligned array of linear photovoltaic cell circuits on the base and an array of linear Fresnel lenses or linear mirrors for directing focused solar radiation on the aligned array of linear photovoltaic cell circuits. The cell circuits are mounted on a back panel which may be a metal back plate. The cell circuit area is less than a total area of the module. Each linear lens or linear mirror has a length greater than a length of the adjacent cell circuit. The cell circuit may have cells mounted in shingle fashion to form a shingled-cell circuit. In an alternative module, linear extrusions on the circuit element have faces for mounting the linear mirrors for deflecting sun rays impinging on each mirror onto the shingled-cells. The linear extrusions are side-wall and inner extrusions with triangular cross-sections. The circuit backplate is encapsulated by lamination for weather protection. The planar module is generally rectangular with alternating rows of linear cell circuits and linear lenses or linear mirrors.
Claims We claim: 1. A method of assembling a planar concentrator solar power module comprising obtaining existing, readily available commercial planar solar cells, each solar cell having a continuous grid electrode, cutting the solar cells in segments, each resulting segment comprising a portion of the grid electrode, mounting the divided cells in precisely spaced rows on a metal beat spreader back plate and forming a circuit element, connecting the cells in series to form linear circuit rows, mounting flat, linear mirrors on the plate, alternating the linear circuit rows and the flat, linear mirrors in the circuit element, deflecting sun rays with the linear mirrors on to the linear circuit rows, concentrating solar energy into the linear circuit rows, transferring waste heat to the metal heat spreader back plate spreading the waste heat laterally through the metal plate so that a temperature of the metal plate is nearly uniform, and providing optimal thermal energy management. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising transferring waste heat generated from the concentrating solar energy to the metal back plate, spreading the waste heat laterally through the metal plate and causing a temperature of the metal plate to be uniform. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the mounting the cells on the metal plate comprises providing adequate spacing between alternating circuits and allowing a temperature of the metal back plate to be uniform. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising mounting linear extrusions on the metal back plate and mounting the flat, linear mirrors on faces of the linear extrusions and mounting the linear circuit rows between the mirrors. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising allowing for optimal seasonal alignment by providing flat, linear mirrors longer than the linear circuit rows, aligning the mirror focal line in a north/south direction and giving a tracking tolerance in the north/south direction greater than or equal to 20 degrees. 6. The method of claim 5, further comprising allowing for a pointing tolerance in a east/west direction by providing a mirror tilt off-normal angle corresponding to a tracking movement of the sun. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the off-normal angle is about 26.degree.. 8. The method of claim 5, further comprising mounting the module on a single-axis tracker, wherein seasonal adjustment is not required. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the assembly steps are automated. 