The portable solar energy system stores electrical energy generated by a solar panel, which is made of an array of photovoltaic cells, in a dc storage battery, and upon demand converts the dc voltage of the battery to an ac output suitable for supplying conventional electrical appliances. The battery is a sealed lead-acid type and may be an Absorbed Glass Mat (AGM) battery. The system includes an energy storage and converting unit, which houses the battery and a dc-to-ac inverter. The inverter converts the stored energy of the battery, supplied at a low dc voltage, into the ac voltage and current required for supplying conventional appliances. A charge controller manages the flow of current from the solar panel to optimize the state of charge of the battery and to maximize the useful life of the battery. Additional circuitry monitors the discharge level of the battery to limit deep discharging.
Claims I claim: 1. A portable solar energy system, comprising: a solar energy panel having an array of photovoltaic cells for converting light energy into dc electrical energy; a charge controller for regulating the flow of dc current from the solar energy panel; and an energy storage and conversion unit having: a sealed lead-acid battery; a dc-to-ac inverter unit electrically connected to the battery for converting energy stored in the battery to ac electrical energy, the inverter having at least one output receptacle; a disconnect switch for interrupting dc current between the battery and the inverter; circuitry for monitoring and controlling inverter output based on dc voltage supplied to the inverter, wherein the circuitry for monitoring and controlling inverter output comprises: an alarm circuit activated when the dc voltage supplied to the inverter drops below a first set point; and a shutoff circuit for turning off inverter output when the dc voltage drops below a second set point value; and a frame, the inverter, the battery, and the disconnect switch being mounted on the frame. 2. The portable solar energy system according to claim 1, wherein the battery is an Absorbed Glass Mat (AGM) technology lead-acid battery. 3. The portable solar energy system of claim 1, further comprising a housing mounted on the frame, the housing enclosing the battery and the inverter unit. 4. The portable solar energy system of claim 3, wherein the housing has openings defined therein for venting gases from the battery. 5. The portable solar energy system of claim 1, wherein the charge controller comprises a diode for preventing discharge of the battery through the cells of the solar panel. 6. The portable solar energy system of claim 1, wherein the charge controller comprises circuitry for controlling current flowing from the solar panel to the battery based upon the voltage of the battery. 7. The portable solar energy system of claim 6, wherein said circuitry for controlling current flowing from the solar panel to the battery comprises circuitry for limiting the current to a float charge level when the voltage is above a first voltage set point, and allowing an increased current flow when the battery voltage decreases to a second set point voltage set point. 8. The portable solar energy system of claim 7, wherein the first set point is a function of battery temperature. 9. The portable solar energy system of claim 7, wherein second set point is a function of battery temperature. 10. The portable solar energy system of claim 7, wherein the first set point and the second set point are selectable based on the battery technology. 11. The portable solar energy system of claim 1, wherein the first set point is a function of battery temperature. 12. The portable solar energy system of claim 1, wherein the second set point is a function of battery temperature. 13. The portable solar energy system of claim 1, wherein the first set point and the second set point are selectable based on the battery technology. 14. The portable solar energy system of claim 1, wherein the solar panel is supported by the frame of the energy storage and conversion device. 15. The portable solar energy system of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of wheels attached to said frame for transporting the energy storage and conversion unit. 16. A portable solar energy system, comprising: a solar energy panel having an array of photovoltaic cells for converting light energy into dc electrical energy; a charge controller for regulating the flow of dc current from the solar energy panel; and an energy storage and conversion unit having: an Absorbed Glass Mat (AGM) technology lead-acid battery; a dc-to-ac inverter unit connected to the battery for converting energy stored in the battery to ac electrical energy, the inverter having at least one output receptacle; a disconnect switch for interrupting dc current between the battery and the inverter; circuitry for monitoring and controlling inverter output based on dc voltage supplied to the inverter, wherein the circuitry for monitoring and controlling inverter output comprises: an alarm circuit activated when the dc voltage supplied to the inverter drops below a first set point; and a shutoff circuit for turning off inverter output when the dc voltage drops below a second set point value; and a frame, the inverter unit, the battery, and the disconnect switch being mounted on the frame. 