A marine pier system employing a payload transport device for transporting persons and material from land to marine craft moored at a distal end of the pier. The payload transport is a movable deck having an electric motor powered by batteries for use in moving the deck and persons/material placed on the deck. The payload transport device is self-contained allowing freedom of movement along a support system eliminating the necessity for decking along the length of the pier. The absence of decking provides a structure upon which wind and wave action and deterioration from sunlight and weathering has little destructive effect, and further allows sunlight to reach the aquatic life below the surface of the water. The movable transport device further permits sunlight to reach all areas of sea grass that are shaded by movement of the transport device to a non-sensitive area when not in use.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A pier comprising: a plurality of support members having a proximal end and a distal end; said distal end constructed and arranged to be mounted to a ground surface below the surface of a waterway; at least one payload transport device; at least one payload traversal means; said payload traversal means connected to a shoreline at one end thereof and having the other end located in said waterway; said proximal end of said support members constructed and arranged for mechanical engagement with said at least one payload traversal means; said payload transport device constructed and arranged for reciprocal translational movement along a longitudinal axis of said payload traversal means; said payload transport device including a propulsion system; said propulsion system powered by an electric motor; means to mount said payload transport device on said payload traversal means; a drive train connected to said electric motor and said means to mount said payload transport device; said means to mount said payload transport device including a transverse frame on which said payload transport device is mounted, a longitudinal frame mounted between said transverse frame and said payload traversal means, suspension means mounted between said transverse frame and said longitudinal frame, and wheel means for mounting said longitudinal frame onto said payload traversal means; said wheel means comprising support wheels mounted between said longitudinal frame and the top of said payload traversal means for supporting the weight of the payload transport device and driving said payload transport device along said payload traversal means and stability wheels mounted between said longitudinal frame and at least one side of said payload traversal means for providing lateral stability of said payload transport device; and controls connected to the electric motor to control the speed and direction of the motor, which in turn will control the speed and direction of said payload transport device. 2. The pier in accordance with claim 1 wherein said propulsion system is manually operable. 3. The pier in accordance with claim 1 wherein said electric motor is solar powered. 4. The pier in accordance with claim 1 wherein said controls are mounted integral to said payload transport device. 5. The pier in accordance with claim 1 wherein said payload transport device is movable to avoid environmentally sensitive areas. 6. The pier in accordance with claim 1 wherein said payload transport device can be detached from said support means to prevent exposure during periods of high winds or waves. 7. The pier in accordance with claim 1 wherein the drive train is a mechanical drive train. 8. A pier in accordance with claim 1 wherein the drive train is a hydraulic drive train. 9. The pier in accordance with claim 1 wherein said electric motor is operated by batteries. 10. The pier in accordance with claim 9 including a battery charger for converting land based power. 11. The pier in accordance with claim 9 wherein said batteries are recharged by solar energy. 12. The pier in accordance with claim 1 wherein said electric motor is supplied power from land based utilities. 