A method for detecting and monitoring events on a territory, including the use of a directional sensor movable about a vertical axis of an angle between 0.degree. and 360.degree. and movable about an horizontal axis between 0.degree. and 90.degree., includes the steps: A. dividing the first rotation in a first number of first angular sectors and the second rotation in a second number of second angular sectors so as to divide the territory into ring sectors; B. scanning the territory to individuate alterations of predefined chemical-physical parameters with respect to reference values; C. between the time intervals of step B, scanning the ring sectors wherein the alterations have been individuated; the territory being so cyclically scanned by step-bystep directing the directional sensor towards one or more of the ring sectors, detection of an event occurring by comparison of detected values with reference values for one or more chemical-physical parameters.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. Method for detecting and monitoring events on a pre-determined territory, comprising the use of at least a directional sensor (1,1',1'') and at least a relevant device for moving said at least directional sensor (1,1',1'') with a first canonical rotation about a vertical axis (2) of an angle between 0.degree. and 360.degree. and a second canonical rotation of an angle (.alpha.) between 0.degree. and 90 about an horizontal axis perpendicular to the laying direction of said at least one directional sensor (1,1',1''), the method comprising the step: A. dividing said first rotation in a first number of first angular sectors and said second rotation in a second number of second angular sectors so as to divide the territory into ring sectors (RS); the method being characterized in that it further comprises the following steps: B. scanning the whole predetermined territory, at regular time intervals, in order to individuate alterations of predefined chemical-physical parameters with respect to a set of reference values thereof; C. between the time intervals of step B, scanning the ring sectors (RS) wherein said alterations have been individuated, with at least a first frequency of scanning; the territory being so cyclically scanned by step-by-step directing said at least a directional sensor (1,1',1'') towards one or more of said ring sectors (RS), detection of an event occurring by comparison of detected instantaneous values with a predetermined set of reference values for one or more chemical-physical parameters in said territory. 2. Method according to claim 1, characterised in that it further comprises the step: D. between the time intervals of step B, scanning the ring sectors other than those wherein said alterations have been individuated, with at least second frequency of scanning smaller than said at least a first frequency. 3. Method according to claim 2, characterised in that different second scanning frequencies are assigned to different groups of ring sectors, the frequencies being determined by means of the following formula: f.sub.RS=F.sub.R*C.sub.E*C.sub.scan*C.sub.W where f.sub.RS is the scanning frequency of a single ring sector, F.sub.R is a risk factor, C.sub.E is a factor for the event typology, C.sub.scan is a factor related to the scanning type and the scanning time, and C.sub.W is a factor related to the weather conditions, the risk factor being preliminarily set according to the importance of the area to be controlled. 4. Method according to claim 2, characterised in that there is only one second scanning frequency. 5. Method according to claim 1, characterised in that different first scanning frequencies are assigned to different groups of ring sectors, the frequencies being determined by means of the following formula: f.sub.RS=F.sub.R*C.sub.E*C.sub.scan*C.sub.W*g(|.DELTA.P|) where IRS is the scanning frequency of a single ring sector, F.sub.R is a risk factor, C.sub.E is a factor for the event typology, C.sub.scan is a factor related to the scanning type and the scanning time, C.sub.W is a factor related to the weather conditions, and g(|.DELTA.P|)is a function of is the detected absolute deviation .DELTA.P of said one or more chemical-physical parameters from a pre-defined threshold, the risk factor being preliminarily set according to the importance of the area to be controlled. 6. Method according to claim 1, characterised in that there is only one first scanning frequency. 7. Method according to claim 1, characterised in that said second rotation is a rotation of an angle (.alpha.) between 0.degree. and 80.degree.. 8. Method according to claim 1, characterised in that said first angular sectors are identical angular sectors. 9. Method according to claim 8, characterised in that said first identical angular sector correspond each to an angle corresponding to the focal aperture of one of said at least one directional sensor (1,1',1''). 10. Method according to claim 1, characterised in that said second angular sectors are identical angular sectors. 11. Method according to claim 10, characterised in that said second identical angular sector correspond each to an angle corresponding to the focal aperture of one of said at least one directional sensor (1,1',1''). 12. Method according to claim 1, characterised in that during step C, said ring sectors wherein said alterations have been individuated, are subjected to scanning with a resolution higher than that of step B. 13. Method according to claim 1, characterised in that said at least one directional sensor (1,1',1'') is each time directed toward the centre of said ring sectors. 14. Method according to claim 1, characterised in that the method comprises the use of one or more not directional sectors. 15. Method according to claim 14, characterised in that, at the beginning of step B, said at least one directional sensor (1,1',1'') is calibrated by measuring one or more chemical-physical parameters of a pre-determined, point-like territory remote zone at the ground level or above the ground level, said chemical-physical parameter being also measured by said at least one not directional sensor provided in said remote zone. 16. Method according to claim 1, characterised in that at least two directional sensors (1,1',1'') are moved, for example a standard telecamera and an infrared thermo-camera. 17. Method according to claim 1, characterised in that individuation of the position of a detected event is made using the polar co-ordinates obtained by the programming of the motion of said at least one directional sensor (1,1',1''). 18. Method according to claim 1, characterised in that positions of detected events are displayed overlapping the same on a two-dimensional territorial map, reconstructing on said map said ring sectors. 19. Apparatus for detecting and monitoring events on a predetermined territory, comprising: a data survey fixed station (100), at least a directional sensor (1,1',1'') provided at the survey fixed station, at least a relevant device for moving said at least directional sensor (1,1',1'') with a first canonical rotation about a vertical axis (2) of an angle between 0.degree. and 360.degree. and a second canonical rotation of an angle (.alpha.) between 0.degree. and 90.degree. about an horizontal axis perpendicular to the laying direction of said at least one directional sensor (1,1',1''), and parts configured A.dividing said first rotation in a first number of first angular sectors and said second rotation in a second number of second angular sectors so as to divide the territory into ring sectors (RS); B.scanning the whole pre-determined territory, at regular time intervals, in order to individuate alterations of predefined chemical-physical parameters with respect to a set of reference values thereof; and C.between the time intervals, scanning the ring sectors (RS) wherein said alterations have been individuated, with at least a first frequency of scanning, wherein the territory is so cyclically scanned by step-by-step directing said at least a directional sensor (1,1',1'') towards one or more of said ring sectors (RS), detection of an event occurring by comparison of detected instantaneous values with a pre-determined set of reference values for one or more chemical-physical parameters in said territory. 20. Apparatus according to claim 19, characterised in that said at least a directional sensor (1,1',1'') is an optical sensor, particularly an infrared sensor. 21. Apparatus according to claim 20, characterised in that said at least one directional sensor (1,1',1'') is a variable focus sensor. 22. Apparatus according to claim 19, characterised in that said at least one directional sensor (1,1',1'') is a temperature sensor. 23. Apparatus according to claim 19, characterised in that said fixed data survey station comprises a metallic support element at the top of which a container (mainly a metallic container) is housed, within which said at least one directional sensor (1,1',1'') as well as a motion robotics for said sensor (1,1',1'') are provided. 24. Apparatus according to claim 23, characterised in that said support element are provided with electric self-supplying photovoltaic panels. 25. Apparatus according to claim 19, characterised in that the apparatus comprises one or more not directional sensors. 26. Apparatus according to claim 19, characterised in that it comprises local elaboration electronic unit, the step-by-step scanning of ring sectors being implemented so that the sensor is moved as soon as the buffer, wherein the relevant image is loaded, is full. 27. System for detecting and monitoring events on a territory, characterised in that it comprises one or more apparatuses according to claim 19, the system further comprising a central unit (200) processing the information received from said one or more detection stations (100). 28. System according to claim 27, characterised in that each one of said one or more stations comprises a local processor (3, 3', 3'') suitable to carry out a pre-processing of the meaningful data to be transmitted to the central processing unit (200). 29. System according to claim 28, characterised in that transmission of said meaningful data occurs by a detection data transmission modem (4, 4', 4'') provided in each site. 30. System according to claim 29, characterised in that said transmission occurs by a fixed telephony or by mobile telephones. 31. System according to claim 30, characterised in that said meaningful data are received by a receiving unit (7). 32. System according to claim 31, characterised in that said meaningful data are transmitted by the receiving unit (7) to a data switching unit (6), sending the data to the central unit (200) comprising at least on electronic processor (5, 5') and/or storing them within a storage memory (9) depending on detection of events on territory. 33. System according to claim 27, characterised in that each one of said one or more control stations comprises a laser laying system for controlling the proper scanning of said at least one directional sensor (1,1',1''). 34. System according to claim 27, characterised in that territory positioning of the control stations can be made according to a prearranged geometric matrix with linked nodes. 