Medical monitoring technologies are integrated with wireless networks to wirelessly send signals from a monitoring device to a cellular telephone or other personal electronic device (PED). A sensor is placed inside or on the patient's body. Information from the monitoring sensor is transmitted to a nearby and/or remote PED. The information transmitted to the PED may then be displayed, processed, stored or forwarded to another location if needed. The monitoring system of the present invention monitors a variety of bodily processes, but preferably measures vital signals such as heart rate, blood pressure, respiration rates, etc. The present invention may also be used to monitor glucose levels in diabetic users. Further, the device may be used as an alert system to alert the patient and third parties when a patient experiences an adverse medical condition.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A medical monitoring apparatus comprising: plural sensors connected to parts of a user's body for reading vital signals, at least one transmitter, a personal electronic device, medical monitoring software and hardware on the personal electronic device, an alarm device on the personal electronic device, a wireless or infrared connection between the at least one transmitter and the personal electronic device, and a wireless connection between the personal electronic device and the Internet, an intranet or another wireless device, wherein the plural sensors are embedded in glasses, wherein light emitters on the glasses emit light into the user's temple and the plural sensors receive reflected light, wherein the amount of reflected light corresponds to pulse rate, due to blood vessel expansion during each heartbeat. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein all the sensors are connected to a single transmitter for transmitting weak sensor identification and data signals to the personal electronic device. 3. A method of medical monitoring comprising: attaching plural sensors and corresponding transmitters to user's body parts, reading vital signals of a user, transmitting readings by a wireless or infrared network to a receiver on a personal electronic device, displaying, processing, storing and forwarding data with medical monitoring software and hardware on the personal electronic device, alerting the user or a third party of an adverse medical condition, and transmitting data wirelessly from the personal electronic device to a separate wireless receiver device, intranet or the Internet, wherein the plural sensors are passive RF units with an electromagnetic coil, wherein the electromagnetic coil is used to transmit data, tune a capacitor, or charge a capacitor or battery. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the plural sensors are encapsulated in a biocompatible enclosure. 5. The method of claim 3, wherein the passive RF units are operated at specific frequencies and are activated by moving a personal electronic device to within approximately a few inches of the units. 6. A method of medical monitoring comprising: attaching plural sensors and corresponding transmitters to user's body parts, reading vital signals of a user, transmitting readings by a wireless or infrared network to a receiver on a personal electronic device, displaying, processing, storing and forwarding data with medical monitoring software and hardware on the personal electronic device, alerting the user or a third party of an adverse medical condition, and transmitting data wirelessly from the personal electronic device to a separate wireless receiver device, intranet or the Internet, further comprising transmitting instantaneous out-of-range alert signals when the sensors are about to go out of range of the personal electronic device. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the plural sensors are sensor arrays. 8. The method of claim 6, wherein the plural sensors are in chips, patches and wristbands. 9. The method of claim 6, wherein the plural sensors are embedded in glasses. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein light emitters on the glasses emit light into the user's temple and the plural sensors receive reflected light. 11. The method of claim 6, wherein the plural sensors and transmitters are powered by solar power, batteries, capacitors, super mini capacitors, RF rechargeable power sources or a combination thereof. 12. The method of claim 6, wherein the personal electronic device is a cellular phone, a laptop computer, medical monitoring glasses or a Palm Pilot. 13. The method of claim 6, wherein the alerting occurs when data from the plural sensors reaches or exceeds a predetermined level. 14. The method of claim 6, further comprising diagnosing heart conditions on the personal electronic device. 15. A method of medical monitoring comprising: attaching plural sensors and corresponding transmitters to user's body parts, reading vital signals of a user, transmitting readings by a wireless or infrared network to a receiver on a personal electronic device, displaying, processing, storing and forwarding data with medical monitoring software and hardware on the personal electronic device, alerting the user or a third party of an adverse medical condition, and transmitting data wirelessly from the personal electronic device to a separate wireless receiver device, intranet or the Internet, further comprising inputting baseline information relating to an individual patient into the personal electronic device, inputting adverse medical condition data into the personal electronic device, and comparing the baseline and adverse medical condition data to the readings from the sensors. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the plural sensors are sensor arrays. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein the plural sensors are in chips, patches and wristbands. 18. The method of claim 15, wherein the plural sensors are embedded in glasses. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein light emitters on the glasses emit light into the user's temple and the plural sensors receive reflected light. 20. The method of claim 15, wherein the plural sensors and transmitters are powered by solar power, batteries, capacitors, super mini capacitors, RF rechargeable power sources or a combination thereof. 21. The method of claim 15, wherein the personal electronic device is a cellular phone, a laptop computer, medical monitoring glasses or a Palm Pilot. 22. The method of claim 15, wherein the alerting occurs when data from the plural sensors reaches or exceeds a predetermined level. 23. The method of claim 15, further comprising diagnosing heart conditions on the personal electronic device. 24. A blood glucose monitoring apparatus comprising: plural sensors for reading blood glucose levels of a user, transmitters on the plural sensors, a contact between the plural sensors and the user's body for contacting body interstitial fluid, a personal electronic device, wherein the personal electronic device comprises medical monitoring software and hardware for displaying, processing, storing and forwarding data, a wireless or infrared connection between the transmitters and a receiver in the personal electronic device, and a wireless connection between the personal electronic device and the Internet, an intranet or another wireless device, wherein the plural sensors are light emitting diodes, micro lasers or photo sensors, wherein the sensors collect interstitial fluid from micro pores created by micro lasers or light emitting diodes. 25. A medical monitoring apparatus comprising: plural sensors connected to parts of a user's body for reading vital signals, at least one transmitter, a personal electronic device, medical monitoring software and hardware on the personal electronic device, an alarm device on the personal electronic device, a wireless or infrared connection between the at least one transmitter and the personal electronic device, and a wireless connection between the personal electronic device and the Internet, an intranet or another wireless device, wherein the sensors further comprise receivers for receiving data and instructions from the personal electronic device, wherein the instructions comprise sensing, stopping sensing, transmitting data, or other commands. 26. The apparatus of claim 25, wherein the plural sensors are sensor arrays. 27. The apparatus of claim 25, wherein the plural sensors are in chips, patches or wristbands. 28. The apparatus of claim 25, wherein the plural sensors and at least one transmitter are powered by solar power, batteries, capacitors, super mini capacitors, RF rechargeable power sources or a combination thereof. 29. The apparatus of claim 28, comprising an RF rechargeable power source, wherein the power source is placed within the body and is recharged by non-invasive RF energy. 30. The apparatus of claim 25, wherein the personal electronic device is a cellular phone, a laptop computer, medical monitoring glasses or a Palm Pilot. 31. The apparatus of claim 30, wherein the personal electronic device displays, processes, stores and forwards data from the plural sensors. 32. The apparatus of claim 25, wherein an alarm is sounded when data from the plural sensors reaches or exceeds a predetermined level. 33. The apparatus of claim 25, wherein all the sensors are connected to a single transmitter for transmitting weak sensor identification and data signals to the personal electronic device. 34. The apparatus of claim 25, wherein the personal electronic device is a cell phone and wherein when the alarm device is activated, an alert is transmitted over a cellular transmission network to another cellular telephone equipped receiver. 35. A method of medical monitoring comprising: attaching plural sensors and corresponding transmitters to user's body parts, reading vital signals of a user, transmitting readings by a wireless or infrared network to a receiver on a personal electronic device, displaying, processing, storing and forwarding data with medical monitoring software and hardware on the personal electronic device; alerting the user or a third party of an adverse medical condition, and transmitting data wirelessly from the personal electronic device to a separate wireless receiver device, intranet or the Internet, further comprising receiving data transmission signals from the personal electronic device with the sensors, wherein the signals provide identification of the sensor and sensed information. 36. A medical monitoring apparatus comprising: plural sensors connected to parts of a user's body for reading vital signals, at least one transmitter, a personal electronic device, medical monitoring software and hardware on the personal electronic device, an alarm device on the personal electronic device, a wireless or infrared connection between the at least one transmitter and the personal electronic device, and a wireless connection between the personal electronic device and the Internet, an intranet or another wireless device, wherein the sensors further comprise receiver circuits for receiving keying signals to download data timers and memory of time signals and sensed changes including pulses per millisecond intervals. 37. A method of medical monitoring comprising: attaching plural sensors and corresponding transmitters to user's body parts, reading vital signals of a user, transmitting readings by a wireless or infrared network to a receiver on a personal electronic device, displaying, processing, storing and forwarding data with medical monitoring software and hardware on the personal electronic device, alerting the user or a third party of an adverse medical condition, and transmitting data wirelessly from the personal electronic device to a separate wireless receiver device, intranet or the Internet, wherein the personal electronic device is a cell phone, further comprising periodically transferring regular data from the cell phone to the separate wireless receiver device to indicate circuits in the cell phone and in the sensors are still in operational condition. 38. A method of medical monitoring comprising: attaching plural sensors and corresponding transmitters to user's body parts, reading vital signals of a user, transmitting readings by a wireless or infrared network to a receiver on a personal electronic device, displaying, processing, storing and forwarding data with medical monitoring software and hardware on the personal electronic device, alerting the user or a third party of an adverse medical condition, and transmitting data wirelessly from the personal electronic device to a separate wireless receiver device, intranet or the Internet, further comprising recharging batteries or capacitors in the sensors from the portable electronic device. 