A non-volatile memory card is described, which comprises a chronometer powered by an autarkic, card-internal power supply with a long-term energy store. The chronometer is connected to a card internal controller, such that the chronometer can provide the current time to the controller independent of a host system.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A memory card comprising: at least one non-volatile memory module; an interface operable to exchange data with an external, electronic device; a controller coupled to said memory module and said interface, such that said controller is operable independently without any request from an external electronic device coupled to said interface; a power supply with a long-term energy store, coupled to said controller; a chronometer coupled to said power supply and said controller, the chronometer comprising a circuit for receiving and decoding a time signal transmitted via a radio signal, such that said chronometer is operable to continuously provide the time signal to the controller, wherein said controller is operable to receive said time signal at predefined intervals of time independently of any external electronic device and to perform an action within the memory card if the determined current time or elapsed time is equal to or later than a predefined point in time. 2. A memory card according to claim 1, wherein said power supply comprises a battery cell. 3. A memory card according to claim 2, wherein said battery cell is rechargeable and said power supply is configured to charge said battery cell when the memory card is attached to an external, electronic device. 4. A memory card according to claim 1, wherein said power supply comprises a fuel cell. 5. A memory card according to claim 1, wherein said power supply is configured to acquire electrical energy from an ambient electric or magnetic field using an antenna. 6. The memory card according to claim 5, wherein the power supply comprises a capacitor connected to the antenna over a diode. 7. A memory card according to claim 1, wherein said chronometer comprises a quartz crystal for generating a clock pulse. 8. A memory card according to claim 1, wherein said chronometer measures a duration of time since production or individualization of the memory card. 9. A memory card according to claim 1, wherein said controller is configured to prevent execution of predefined operations after a predefined point in time. 10. A memory card according to claim 9, wherein said controller is configured to prevent execution of write operations after said predefined point in time. 11. A memory card according to claim 9, wherein said controller is configured to prevent execution of read operations after said predefined point in time. 12. A memory card according to claim 1, wherein said controller is configured to send a predefined message to an external, electronic device coupled to said interface. 13. A memory card according to claim 1, wherein said controller is configured to execute predefined operations for memory management and error checking at the predefined point in time. 14. A memory card according to claim 1, further comprising a signaling circuit, wherein said controller is configured to activate said signaling circuit at the predefined point in time. 15. A memory card according to claim 1, wherein said controller is configured to provide a current time signal received from said chronometer to a external, electronic device connected to said interface. 16. A memory card according to claim 1, wherein said chronometer and said controller are formed on a single integrated circuit chip. 17. A memory card according to claim 1, wherein said chronometer is internal to said memory module. 18. A memory card according to claim 1, wherein said controller, memory module, power supply or chronometer is comprised in a tamper resistant module to protect the controller, memory module, power supply or chronometer from manipulation. 19. A memory card according to claim 1, wherein the memory card is configured to comply with at least one of the following specifications: Secure Digital (SD), Mini Secure Digital, Multimedia Card (MMC), xD-Picture Card, Memory Stick (MS), SmartMedia (SM), Compact Flash (CF) card, USB Flash. 20. The memory card of claim 1, wherein said provided time signal is representative of one of current time and elapsed time. 21. A method for activating an indicator of a memory card at a predefined point in time, the method comprising: providing a memory card that includes an internal controller and internal chronometer; using the internal chronometer to generate a current time by receiving and decoding a time signal transmitted via a radio wave; repeatedly comparing the current time determined by the chronometer with a predefined point in time stored in the controller without any further communication with an external, electronic device; and performing an action within the memory card without any further communication with an external, electronic device if the determined current time is equal to or later than the predefined point in time. 22. The method of claim 21, further comprising: coupling said memory card with an electronic host system; receiving a request for accessing memory on the memory card, the request received from the host system; repeatedly determining the current time within the memory card; comparing the determined current time with the predefined point in time at which the memory card is to be deactivated; and rejecting the received request if the determined current time is later than the predefined point in time. 23. The method according to claim 22, wherein the request for accessing the memory comprises a write request to overwrite at least parts of the memory. 24. The method according to claim 22, wherein rejecting the received request comprises transmitting a message from the memory card to the electronic host system. 25. The method according to claim 21, wherein performing an action comprises activating a signaling circuit. 26. The method according to claim 25, wherein activating a signaling circuit causes the signaling circuit to indicate that information stored on the memory card should be transferred to a different storage device. 27. The method according to claim 25, wherein performing an action comprises activating a light emitting diode. 28. The method according to claim 21, wherein performing an action comprises exercising memory management operations. 29. A tamper proof memory card comprising: at least one non-volatile memory module; an interface operable to exchange data with an external electronic device; a controller coupled to said memory module and said interface, such that said controller is operable independently without any request from an external electronic device coupled to said interface; a power supply with a long-term energy store, coupled to said controller; and a chronometer coupled to said power supply and said controller, such that said chronometer comprises a chemical compound and a monitor to continuously provide a time signal by monitoring a decay process of the chemical compound; wherein said controller is operable to receive said time signal at predefined intervals of time independently of any external electronic device and to perform an action within the memory card if the determined current time or elapsed time is equal to or later than a predefined point in time. 30. The tamper proof memory card of claim 29, wherein the power supply comprises a solar cell and a rechargeable battery. 31. The tamper proof memory card of claim 29, wherein the chemical compound comprises a radioactive substance. 