Described is a cellular security system for monitoring an asset from a remote monitoring site without utilizing a signal modulating device or a cellular voice service. The cellular security system includes a detector, a display device, a cellular telephone that includes a camera and email capabilities, and a remote email device. When the detector detects an occurrence, the display device is activated such that the display device indicates the status of the detector. The cellular telephone captures a photo-image of the activated display device and composes an email and attaches the captured photo-image to the email. The cellular telephone sends the email to a remote email device, which is located at the remote monitoring site. From the remote monitoring site, the photo-image is viewed using the remote email device such that the status of the detector of the cellular security system is revealed.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A cellular security system for monitoring an asset from a remote monitoring site without implementing a modulating device or utilizing a cellular voice service, said security system comprising: a detector, said detector for detecting an occurrence; a display device, said display device in communication with said detector, said display device for indicating the status of said detector, said display device being activated when said detector detects an occurrence; and a cellular telephone, said cellular telephone in communication with said display device, said cellular telephone for capturing a photo-image of said display device when said display device is activated, said cellular telephone for emailing the photo-image to a designated email account when the photo-image is captured. 2. The cellular security system of claim 1 further comprising a remote email device, said remote email device in email communication with said cellular telephone, said remote email device located at the remote monitoring site, said remote email device for accessing the designated email account and for viewing the photo-image captured and emailed by said cellular telephone. 3. The cellular security system of claim 2 wherein said remote email device is a computer. 4. The cellular security system of claim 2 wherein said remote email device is a standard cell phone with email capabilities. 5. The cellular security system of claim 1 wherein said detector is a plurality of detectors. 6. The cellular security system of claim 1 or claim 5 wherein said detector is in wireless communication with said display device. 7. The cellular security system of claim 1 or claim 5 wherein said detector includes a motion detector. 8. The cellular security system of claim 1 or claim 5 wherein said detector includes a smoke detector. 9. The cellular security system of claim 1 or claim 5 wherein said detector includes a tamper detector. 10. The cellular security system of claim 5 wherein said display device is an arrangement of LEDs, whereby each LED of the arrangement corresponds to a detector of said plurality of detectors. 11. The cellular security system of claim 1 wherein said display device is an arrangement of LEDs. 12. The cellular security system of claim 1 wherein said cellular telephone is for capturing a photo-image of the monitored asset when capturing the photo-image of said display device such that the photo-image includes said display device and the monitored asset. 13. The cellular security system of claim 1 further comprising a detector activation switch, said detector activation switch for activating and deactivating said detector. 14. The cellular security system of claim 1 further comprising a solar panel, said solar panel for generating operational power for the cellular security system. 15. The cellular security system of claim 1 further comprising a battery, said battery for generating operational power for the cellular security system. 16. The cellular security system of claim 15 wherein the cellular security system is adapted to draw operational power from a standard electrical outlet. 17. The cellular security system of claim 1 further comprising a flood light, said flood light for generating sufficient lighting such the photo-image captured by said cellular telephone is of sufficient quality. 18. A cellular security system for monitoring an asset from a remote monitoring site without implementing a modulating device or utilizing a cellular voice service, said security system comprising: a processing device; at least one detector, said detector in communication with said processing device, said detector adapted to detect an occurrence and indicate the detection of the occurrence to said processing device; a display device, said display device in communication with said processing device, said display device adapted to activate when said detector indicates the detection of the occurrence to said processing device, said display device adapted to indicate the status of said detector; a cellular telephone, said cellular telephone in communication with said processing device, said cellular telephone adapted to capture a photo-image that includes said display device and the monitored asset, said cellular telephone adapted to capture the photo-image when said display device is activated, said cellular telephone adapted to email the photo-image to a designated email account when said cellular telephone captures the photo-image; and a remote email device, said remote email device in email communication with said cellular telephone, said remote email device located at the remote monitoring site, said remote email device adapted to access the designated email account such that when said cellular telephone emails the photo-image to the designated email account, said remote email device displays the photo-image at the remote monitoring site. 19. The cellular security system of claim 18 wherein said detector is in electrical communication with said processing device. 20. The cellular security system of claim 18 wherein said detector is in wireless communication with said processing device. 21. The cellular security system of claim 18 wherein said display device is an LED arrangement. 22. The cellular security system of claim 18 wherein said cellular telephone is adapted to receive email. 23. The cellular security system of claim 22 further comprising a photo-resistor, said photo-resistor in electrical communication with said processing device, said photo-resistor adapted to detect when said cellular telephone receives an email and to indicate the reception of the email to said processing device. 24. The cellular security system of claim 23 wherein said display device is adapted to activate when said photo-resistor indicates the reception of the email to said processing device. 25. The cellular security system of claim 18 wherein said processing device is in communication with said cellular telephone by way of an electro-mechanical keypad interface. 26. The cellular security system of claim 18 wherein said processing device is in electrical communication with said cellular telephone. 