Rapidly responsive energy storage means enable the creation of a multi-port DC bus in a UPS, enabling the multi-port DC bus to couple a plurality of intermittent DC sources and intermittent DC loads. The invention includes renewable energy power systems with a UPS having a multi-port DC bus and a responsive energy storage means electrically coupled to the multi-port DC bus. An embodiment includes a renewable energy power system with a UPS having a multi-port DC bus having at least one coupling in addition to the minimum of three required for a UPS to operate. The additional coupling is adapted to couple either a DC load or a DC source to the multi-port DC bus. A responsive energy storage means is coupled to supply power to the multi-port DC bus and is operable to maintain a substantially constant power level on the multi-port DC bus.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A renewable energy power system comprising: at least one UPS having at least one multi-port DC bus; at least one responsive energy storage means electrically coupled to said at least one multi-port DC bus; and at least one motor-generator mechanically coupled to at least one variable-vane turbine and mechanically coupled to at least one high pressure hydrogen pump, wherein said at least one variable-vane turbine is configurable to drive said at least one motor-generator to produce DC power coupled to said at least one multi-port DC bus. 2. The renewable energy power system of claim 1, wherein said at least one UPS further comprises: at least one AC/DC converter operable to be coupled to an AC power line; at least one first coupling between said at least one AC/DC converter and said at least one multi-port DC bus; at least one DC/AC inverter and operable to be coupled to at least one primary AC load; at least one second coupling between said at least one inverter and said at least one multi-port DC bus; at least one third coupling between said at least one responsive energy storage means and said at least one multi-port DC bus; at least one exterior portion; a plurality of ports operable as external couplings to said at least one DC multi-port bus accessible from said at least one exterior portion of said at least one UPS and operable to couple various DC sources and various DC loads to said at least one multi-port DC bus; and at least one first voltage regulator in series between at least one first port of said plurality of ports and said multi-port DC bus, wherein said at least one first voltage regulator is operable to regulate the DC voltage to at least one DC load of said various DC loads to match the voltage on said at least one DC load of said various DC loads. 3. The renewable energy power system of claim 1, wherein said at least one responsive energy storage means is operable to supply DC electrical energy to said at least one multi-port DC bus during a first time period and to re-store electrical energy from said at least one multi-port DC bus during a second time period, wherein said second time period is approximately equal to said first time period. 4. The renewable energy power system of claim 3, wherein said at least one responsive energy storage means comprises at least one ultra capacitor. 5. The renewable energy power system of claim 1, further comprising at least one electrolyzer adapted to be electrically coupled to said at least one multi-port DC bus. 6. The renewable energy power system of claim 1, further comprising at least one renewable energy source adapted to be coupled to said at least one multi-port DC bus. 7. The renewable energy power system of claim 1, further comprising at least one of at least one intermittent DC load and at least one intermittent DC source adapted to be coupled to said at least one multi-port DC bus. 8. The renewable energy power system of claim 1, further comprising: at least one low-pressure hydrogen storage tank; at least one high-pressure hydrogen storage tank; at least one high-pressure hydrogen pump, operable to pump hydrogen from said at least one low-pressure hydrogen storage tank into said at least one high-pressure hydrogen storage tank; at least one variable-vane turbine, operable to extract mechanical energy from at least one pressure differential between high-pressure hydrogen and a lower-pressure destination; and at least one DC motor-generator mechanically coupled to said at least one variable-vane turbine and mechanically coupled to said at least one high pressure hydrogen pump, wherein said at least one motor-generator is coupled to said at least one multi-port DC bus and is operable in a first mode as a motor to drive said at least one high pressure hydrogen pump using power from said at least one multi-port DC bus and is operable in a second mode as a generator driven by said at least one variable-vane turbine to supply power to said at least one multi-port DC bus; and wherein said at least one low-pressure hydrogen storage tank is adapted to receive hydrogen gas from at least one of an electrolyzer powered by DC power from said at least one multi-port DC bus and an alternative production facility powered by waste heat from a photovoltaic array, and wherein said at least one low-pressure hydrogen storage tank is adapted to supply hydrogen to at least one of said at least one high-pressure hydrogen pump and at least one hydrogen-fueled generator; and wherein said at least one high-pressure hydrogen storage tank is adapted to receive high-pressure hydrogen from said at least one high-pressure hydrogen pump and adapted to supply high-pressure hydrogen to said at least one variable-vane turbine; and wherein said at least one variable-vane turbine is adapted to supply hydrogen to at least one of said at least one hydrogen-fueled generator and at least one hydrogen supply station. 9. The renewable energy power system of claim 1, further comprising at least one DC element coupled to said multi-port DC bus, wherein said at least one DC element is operable as at least one DC source during a particular period of time and is operable as at least one DC load during another particular period of time. 10. A renewable energy power system comprising: at least one UPS having at least one multi-port DC bus, said at least one multi-port DC bus having three necessary power couplings; at least one additional power coupling in addition to said three necessary power couplings, said at least one additional power coupling adapted to couple at least one external DC load and at least one external DC source to said at least one multi-port DC bus; at least one responsive energy storage means coupled to supply power to said at least one multi-port DC bus and operable to maintain a substantially constant power level on said at least one multi-port DC bus; at least one low-pressure hydrogen storage tank; at least one high-pressure hydrogen storage tank; at least one high-pressure hydrogen pump, operable to pump hydrogen from said at least one low-pressure hydrogen storage tank into said at least one high-pressure hydrogen storage tank; at least one variable-vane turbine, operable to extract mechanical energy from at least one pressure differential between high-pressure hydrogen and a lower-pressure destination; and at least one DC motor-generator mechanically coupled to said at least one variable-vane turbine and mechanically coupled to said at least one high pressure hydrogen pump, wherein said at least one motor-generator is coupled to said at least one multi-port DC bus and is operable in a first mode as a motor to drive said at least one high pressure hydrogen pump using power from said at least one multi-port DC bus and is operable in a second mode as a generator driven by said at least one variable-vane turbine to supply power to said at least one multi-port DC bus. 11. The renewable energy power system of claim 10, said at least one UPS having at least one exterior portion, said at least one UPS further comprising at least one plurality of ports on said at least one exterior portion of said at least one UPS, wherein at least one first port of said at least one plurality of ports couples to at least one regulator coupled to one additional power coupling of said at least one additional power coupling of said at least one multi-port DC bus. 12. The renewable energy power system of claim 11, wherein said plurality of ports comprises at least one second port, said system further comprising at least one electrolyzer coupled to said at least one second port of said plurality of ports, said at least one electrolyzer operable to produce hydrogen gas from DC power supplied by said at least one multi-port DC bus. 13. The renewable energy power system of claim 10, further comprising at least one hydrogen fueled generator, adapted to be fluidically coupled to at least one of said at least one variable-vane turbine and said at least one low-pressure hydrogen storage tank, and responsive to the presence of hydrogen to produce DC power on a DC power line adapted to be coupled to said at least one multi-port DC bus. 14. The renewable energy power system of claim 10, further comprising at least one hydrogen supply station adapted to be fluidically coupled to said at least one high- pressure hydrogen pump and operable to supply hydrogen to end users. 15. The renewable energy power system of claim 10, further comprising at least one electrical recharging station, adapted to be electrically coupled to said at least one multi-port DC bus and operable to recharge electrical vehicles. 16. The renewable energy power system of claim 10, further comprising a plurality of DC power sources and DC loads coupled to said multi-port DC bus. 17. The renewable energy power system of claim 10, further comprising at least one renewable-energy source adapted to be electrically coupled to said at least one multi-port DC bus. 18. A renewable energy power system comprising: at least one UPS having at least one multi-port DC bus; at least one exterior portion of said at least one UPS; at least one responsive energy storage means electrically coupled to said at least one multi-port DC bus; and at least one motor-generator mechanically coupled to at least one variable-vane turbine and mechanically coupled to at least one high pressure hydrogen pump, wherein said at least one variable-vane turbine is configurable to drive said at least one motor-generator to produce DC power coupled to said at least one multi-port DC bus. 19. The renewable energy power system of claim 18, further comprising: at least one input converter coupled to said at least one multi-port DC bus and operable to be coupled to an AC power line; at least one output inverter coupled to said at least one multi-port DC bus and operable to be coupled to at least one primary AC load; a plurality of ports on said at least one DC multi-port bus accessible from said at least one exterior portion of said at least one UPS and operable to couple various DC sources and various DC loads to said at least one multi-port DC bus; and a plurality of voltage regulators, wherein at least one first voltage regulator of said plurality of voltage regulators is coupled in series between at least one first port of said plurality of ports and said at least one multi-port DC bus, wherein said at least one first voltage regulator is operable to regulate DC voltage to at least one DC load of said various DC loads. 20. The renewable energy power system of claim 19, further comprising at least one second voltage regulator in series between at least one second port of said plurality of ports and said at least one multi-port DC bus, wherein said at least one voltage second regulator is operable to regulate DC voltage from at least one DC source of said various DC sources to said at least one multi-port DC bus. 21. The renewable energy power system of claim 20, further comprising at least one port of said plurality of ports adapted to couple one of at least one intermittent DC load and at least one intermittent DC source to said at least one multi-port DC bus. 22. The renewable energy power system of claim 19, further comprising at least one external device which acts as at least one DC source during a particular time period and which acts as at least one DC load in another particular time period, wherein said at least one device is coupled through one port of said plurality of ports to said at least one voltage regulator and then to said at least one multi-port DC bus. 