Electrical appliance energy consumption control methods and electrical energy consumption systems are described. In one aspect, an electrical appliance energy consumption control method includes providing an electrical appliance coupled with a power distribution system, receiving electrical energy within the appliance from the power distribution system, consuming the received electrical energy using a plurality of loads of the appliance, monitoring electrical energy of the power distribution system, and adjusting an amount of consumption of the received electrical energy via one of the loads of the appliance from an initial level of consumption to an other level of consumption different than the initial level of consumption responsive to the monitoring.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electrical appliance energy consumption control method comprising: providing an electrical appliance coupled with a power distribution system, wherein the power distribution system is characterized by a dynamic state of balance between power generation and load; receiving electrical energy within the appliance from the power distribution system; consuming the received electrical energy using at least one of a plurality of loads of the appliance; monitoring electrical energy of the power distribution system as an indicator of the dynamic state of balance in the power distribution system; and adjusting an amount of consumption of the received electrical energy via at least one of the loads of the appliance from an initial level of consumption to an other level of consumption different than the initial level of consumption responsive to the monitoring, thereby optimizing the dynamic state of balance between power generation and load in the power distribution system. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising: operating the at least one of the loads at the other level of consumption for a period of time; and maintaining an amount of consumption of the received electrical energy via at least one of the other of the loads of the appliance during at least a portion of the period of time. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the monitoring comprises monitoring at least one electrical characteristic of the electrical energy of the power distribution system. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein the adjusting comprises adjusting responsive to the electrical characteristic triggering a threshold. 5. The method of claim 4 further comprising varying the threshold at a plurality of different moments in time. 6. The method of claim 3 wherein the monitoring comprises monitoring the frequency of the electrical energy. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein the monitoring comprises monitoring using control circuitry proximately located with respect to the appliance. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein the control circuitry resides within the appliance. 9. The method of claim 7 wherein the receiving comprises receiving the electrical energy via a node of the power distribution system, and the controller monitors the electrical energy at the node. 10. The method of claim 1 wherein the adjusting comprises adjusting the amount of the consumption to the other level of the consumption at a plurality of different moments in time, and further comprising operating the one of the loads at the other level of consumption for a plurality of different lengths of time at the respective different moments in time. 11. The method of claim 1 wherein the amount of the consumption during the other level of consumption is less than the amount of the consumption during the initial level of consumption. 12. The method of claim 1 wherein the one of the loads consumes substantially none of the received electrical energy during the other level of consumption. 13. The method of claim 1 further comprising: providing an override indication after the adjusting; and further adjusting the amount of consumption of the received electrical energy via the one of the loads to the initial level of consumption responsive to the override indication. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein the amount of the consumption during the other level of consumption is greater than the amount of the consumption during the initial level of consumption. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein the electrical appliance comprises a battery charger. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the electrical appliance is an uninterruptible power supply, a vehicle having an on-board rechargeable energy storage system, a cordless device, a building electrical switch gear, or a system comprising a renewable energy source. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the system comprising a renewable energy source comprises devices selected from the group consisting of solar panels, wind turbines, and combinations thereof. 18. The method of claim 1, wherein the electrical appliance comprises a device that consumes a standby load in a standby mode. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the electrical appliance is a printer, a copier machine, a television, a DVD player, a game console, an audio/visual electronic device, a computing device, or a frost-free freezer. 20. The method of claim 1, wherein the electrical appliance comprises a device selected from the group consisting of lighting fixtures and ventilation fans. 21. The method of claim 1, wherein the power distribution system further comprises a power source. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein the power distribution system further comprises one or more regional power grids. 23. A battery charger system comprising: a power interface configured to receive electrical energy of a power distribution system, wherein the power distribution system is characterized by a dynamic state of balance between power generation and load; and operably connected charging circuitry configured to drive electrical energy into one or more operably connected cells; wherein the battery charger system is characterized by control circuitry configured to monitor the electrical energy received from the power distribution system, as an indicator of the dynamic state of balance between power generation and load in the power distribution system, and to control the charging circuitry to operate in a mode of operation wherein a different amount of electrical energy is consumed by the battery charger system compared with an other operational mode and responsive to the monitoring of the electrical energy, thereby optimizing the dynamic state of balance between power generation and load in the power distribution system. 24. The battery charger system of claim 23, wherein the battery charger system is a component of an uninterruptible power supply, a vehicle having an on-board rechargeable energy storage system, a cordless device, a building electrical switch gear, or a system comprising a renewable energy source. 