A photovoltaically powered cathodic protection system for an automotive vehicle uses electrical energy arising from a photovoltaic array positioned upon an exterior surface of the vehicle, with the cathodic protection current being controlled by a controller which is also connected with an electrical storage device and with at least one electrogalvanic cell sensor. The controller and associated sensors function to assure that sufficient charge passes through conductors applied to the body of the vehicle to maintain cathodic protection on a consistent basis.
Claims What is claimed: 1. A photovoltaically powered cathodic protection system for an automotive vehicle, comprising: a photovoltaic array adapted for mounting upon an exterior surface of a vehicle with said array having first and second load terminals; a first conductor adapted to extend from said first terminal of said photovoltaic array to a first portion of a vehicle; a second conductor adapted to extend from said second terminal of said photovoltaic array to a second portion of said vehicle; an electrical storage device connected with said first and second terminals of said photovoltaic array; and a controller, operatively connected with said electrical storage device and said photovoltaic array, for controlling the current flowing through said first and second conductors, with said controller being operatively connected with at least one sensor for sensing the presence of an active electrogalvanic cell within a vehicle. 2. A photovoltaically powered cathodic protection system according to claim 1, wherein said first portion of a vehicle and said second portion of a vehicle are physically separated. 3. A photovoltaically powered cathodic protection system according to claim 1, wherein said electrical storage device comprises a battery. 4. A photovoltaically powered cathodic protection system according to claim 1, wherein said electrical storage device comprises an ultracapacitor. 5. A cathodic corrosion protection system for an automotive vehicle, comprising: an electrical power source having first and second load terminals; a first conductor adapted to extend from said first terminal of said electrical power source to an electrical ground within a vehicle; a second conductor adapted to extend from said second terminal of said electrical power source to a second portion of said vehicle, whereby a protective current will be established in a vehicle; and a controller for controlling said protective current, and at least one sensor, operatively connected with said controller, for sensing the presence of an active electrogalvanic cell within a vehicle. 6. A cathodic protection system according to claim 5, wherein said electrical power source comprises a photovoltaic array and an electrical storage device operatively connected with said photovoltaic array. 7. A cathode protection system according to claim 5, wherein said electrical power source comprises an electrical storage device. 