The invention refers to remote monitoring of power objects and is designed for collecting data on OHTL conductor status and passing such to data collection point (dispatch point for example). The invention's objective is to exclude necessity to produce and maintain specialized technological applications for measuring conductor's attitude parameters and/or communication with measurements collection point, and thus improve reliability of the device operation as an autonomous element of system of monitoring of OHTL conductor status. The device contains a housing, equipped with a mean for attachment to OHTL conductor, and located therein power supply and measuring-transmitting module. Invention options provide for introduction into the measuring-transmitting module of interface with utility cellular telephony channel and/or Global Positioning System signals receiver identifying its three-dimensional coordinates. Measuring-transmitting module can be executed as control unit, unit of receipt and conversion of conductor status signal, unit of primary processing of obtained information, collection and storage of data, unit of communication and data transmission. In this case interface with utility cellular telephony channel and Global Positioning System signals receiver arc included in unit of communication and data transmission and in unit of receipt and conversion of conductor status signal, accordingly.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A device for remote monitoring of an overhead power transmission line conductor, comprising a housing provided with means for attaching on the overhead power transmission line conductor; and arranged in said housing a power supply, a sensor of temperature of the conductor, and a measuring-transmitting module configured to receive signals from said sensor of temperature of the conductor, to convert them into digital data and to transmit the digital data for storing, collecting and processing, wherein said measuring-transmitting module includes a control unit, a unit for receipt and conversion of a conductor status signals, a unit for primary processing of obtained information, collection and storage of data, a unit for communication and data transmission, wherein said unit for primary processing of obtained information, collection and storage of data is connected to an input of said unit for communication and data transmission and to an output of said unit for receipt and conversion of conductor status signals, and said means for interfacing with a utility cellular telephonic channel is included in said unit for communication and data transmission. 2. A device for remote monitoring of an overhead power transmission line conductor, comprising a housing provided with means for attaching on the overhead power transmission line conductor; and arranged in said housing a power supply, a sensor of temperature of the conductor, and a measuring-transmitting module configured to receive signals from said sensor of temperature of the conductor, to convert them into digital data and to transmit the digital data for storing, collecting and processing, wherein said measuring-transmitting module is configured to receive signals from a Global Positioning System, to obtain data about a position of the transmission line conductor module in a three-dimensional coordinate system, to correct the data, and to transmit the data for collecting of measuring information. 3. A device for remote monitoring of an overhead power transmission line conductor, comprising a housing provided with means for attaching on the overhead power transmission line conductor; and arranged in said housing a power supply, a sensor of temperature of the conductor, and a measuring-transmitting module configured to receive signals from said sensor of temperature of the conductor, to convert them into digital data and to transmit the digital data for storing, collecting and processing, wherein said sensor of conductor temperature is incorporated in said means for attaching said housing to the overhead power transmission line conductor. 4. A device for remote monitoring of an overhead rower transmission line conductor, comprising a housing provided with means for attaching on the overhead power transmission line conductor; and arranged in said housing a power supply, a sensor of temperature of the conductor, and a measuring-transmitting module configured to receive signals from said sensor of temperature of the conductor, to convert them into digital data and to transmit the digital data for storing, collecting and processing, wherein said unit for communication and data transmission is provided with means for receipt of data inquiry signals, setting digital data, and unauthorized access protection; and further comprising a solar battery, said battery being chargeable from said solar battery. 5. A device as defined in claim 4, wherein said module is configured to receive signals from a sensor of current values in the conductor and to convert them into digital data. 6. A device as defined in claim 4, wherein said module is configured to receive signals from a sensor of conductor temperature and convert them into digital data. 7. A device as defined in claim 4, wherein said module is provided with means for receipt of data inquiry signal, setting digital data, and unauthorized access protection. 8. A device as defined in claim 4 wherein said power supply is configured as a battery. 9. A device as defined in claim 7, wherein said battery has means for charging from an overhead power transmission line current. 10. A device for remote monitoring of an overhead power transmission line conductor, comprising a housing providing with means for attaching to the overhead power transmission line conductor; and arranged in said housing a power supply arranged in said housing, a measuring-transmitting module configured to receive signals from a Global Positioning System, to determine a position of said module in three-dimensional coordinates, and to transmit data about coordinates for collection of measuring information. 11. A device as defined in claim 10, wherein said measuring-transmitting module includes a control unit, a unit of receipt and conversion of conductor status signal with a receiver of signals of the Global Positioning System, a unit for primary processing of obtained information, collection and storage of data, and a unit for communication and data transmission, wherein said unit for primary processing and obtained information, collection and storage data is connected to an output of the unit for receipt and conversion of conductor status signal and to an input of a unit of said unit of communication and data transmission. 12. A device as defined in claim 11, wherein said measuring-transmitting module is provided with means for interfacing with a utility cellular telephonic channel. 13. A device as defined in claim 12; and further comprising means for attaching said housing to the overhead power transmission line conductor, said sensor of conductor temperature being incorporated in said means for attaching said housing to the overhead power transmission line conductor. 14. A device as defined in claim 13; and further comprising a solar battery, said battery being chargeable form said solar battery. 