A hummingbird feeder includes a solar panel power source for illuminating a reservoir of liquid hummingbird food so that the hummingbird can find it at night. The solar panel itself preferably hangs below the feeder in a flexible manner so that it can collect the maximum amount of sunlight and swing in the breeze. An LED attached to the solar power source is positioned to illuminate the liquid reservoir from within the reservoir. The parts that comprise the feeder are easily disassembled for washing and cleaning.
Claims We claim: 1. A solar powered bird feeder apparatus having a top and a bottom, said apparatus comprising: a light transmission reservoir for holding liquid bird feed; a liquid bird feed delivery device for delivering said liquid bird feed to a bird outside of said reservoir; a light source attached to said apparatus for illuminating at least part of said liquid bird feeder within said reservoir; a solar cell means connected to said apparatus and to said light source for powering said light source; battery means connected to said solar cell means for storing energy from said solar cell means during the day; and, control circuit means connected to said battery means and said solar cell means for turning on said light source when it gets dark. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: a photosensitive means connected to said control circuit for detecting when it is light or dark. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 further comprising: an On/Off switch connected to said control circuit means for turning said apparatus on or off. 4. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein said solar cell means is located below said apparatus. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 wherein said solar cell means is suspended by flexible wires from below said apparatus. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: a weight sensing detector means attached to said apparatus and said control circuit means for detecting when said reservoir runs low on liquid bird feed, wherein said light source produces a signal to indicate that said reservoir is running low on said liquid bird feed. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said light source comprises at least one solid state light source which does not get hotter than 100.degree. Fahrenheit in order to minimize spoilage of said liquid bird feed. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein said solid state light source comprises at least one substantially white light emitting diode. 9. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein said solid state light source comprises at least one light emitting diode that emits light substantially in the UV light spectrum. 10. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein said solid state light source comprises at least two solid state light sources of different wavelengths. 11. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein said solid state light source is located adjacent to the reservoir in order to better indicate when the reservoir needs refilling. 12. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein said reservoir has a wall and said solid state light source is mounted in said wall. 13. The apparatus of claim 7 further comprising: coupling means for attaching said reservoir to said apparatus, wherein said coupling means can be easily manipulated so that said reservoir may be efficiently and quickly removed from said apparatus for cleaning. 14. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: attachment means connected to said apparatus; and, mounting means connectable to said attachment means for suspending said apparatus. 