A device/system for radiation sensing is configured to detect high and low LET radiation. The radiation sensing system may include a high LET detector and a low LET detector coupled to the high LET detector by a CPU, wherein the high LET detector and the low LET detector are assembled within a single unit. The device/system may also include a high LET and low LET detector that may be coupled together without an internal CPU. Overall, the device/system may be a stand-alone system and/or coupled to an external processing device. The device/system may also be approximately 6.times.6.times.2 cm.sup.3 in size, making it hand portable and may weigh less or equal to approximately ninety (90) grams, and operate on less than or approximately 0.25 watts of power.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A space-based system for radiation sensing while traveling outside the earth's atmosphere, comprising: a high LET detector; and a low LET detector coupled to the high LET detector by a CPU, wherein the high LET detector and the low LET detector are assembled within a single radiation dosimeter unit capable of identifying radiation type and total dosage; wherein the unit acts as a sentinel for a solar particle event. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein said single unit weighs less than about ninety grams. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein said single unit is portable by hand. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein said single unit weighs less than about ninety grams. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the system operates on less than about 0.25 watts of power. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the high LET detector is coupled to the CPU via a first analog-to-digital converter. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the low LET detector is coupled to the CPU via a second analog-to-digital converter. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the high LET detector and the low LET detector sense nuclear radiation. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein said single unit has a resolution of about 250 channels. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein said single unit may sense radiation energy in a high LET spectrum and a low LET spectrum. 11. A method of sensing radiation across a broad energy spectrum, comprising the steps of: providing a space based radiation monitoring device capable of sensing high LET radiation and low LET radiation while traveling outside the earth's atmosphere; sensing within a single radiation dosimeter unit capable of identifying radiation type and total dosage; wherein the unit acts as a sentinel for a solar particle event at least one of high LET radiation and low LET radiation; generating a radiation signal responsive to the at least one of high LET radiation and low LET radiation; outputting the radiation signal to a CPU. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein said radiation monitoring device may detect any one of the members of the group consisting of x-rays, gamma ray, photons, electrons positrons and muons. 13. The method of claim 11, wherein said radiation monitoring device may detect any one of the members of the group consisting of; galactic rays, solar cosmic rays, protons and neutrons. 14. The method of claim 11, wherein the sensing of the low LET radiation signal and the sensing of the high LET radiation signal is performed by a single unit. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the single unit operates on less than about 0.25 watts. 16. The method of claim 14, wherein the single unit is portable by hand. 17. The method of claim 14, wherein said single unit has a resolution of about 250 channels. 18. A space-based system for radiation sensing while traveling outside the earth's atmosphere, comprising: a high LET detector; and a low LET detector coupled to the high LET detector by a CPU, wherein the high LET detector and the low LET detector are assembled within a single radiation dosimeter unit capable of identifying radiation type and total dosage, and wherein the system operates on a range of about 0 to about 0.25 watts of power and acts as a sentinel for a solar particle event. 19. A space-based system for radiation sensing while traveling outside the earth's atmosphere, comprising: a high LET detector; and, a low LET detector coupled to the high LET detector by a CPU, wherein the high LET detector and the low LET detector are assembled within a single unit capable of identifying radiation type and total dosage, and wherein the unit is less than or equal to about 72 cm.sup.3 in size and acts as a sentinel for a solar particle event. 20. A space-based radiation sensing device for radiation sensing while traveling outside the earth's atmosphere, comprising: a high LET detector; and a low LET detector coupled to the high LET detector by a CPU, wherein the high LET detector and the low LET detector are assembled within a single unit capable of identifying radiation type and total dosage; wherein the unit acts as a sentinel for a solar particle event. 21. A space-based radiation sensing device for radiation sensing while traveling outside the earth's atmosphere, comprising: a high LET detector; and a low LET detector coupled to the high LET detector by a CPU, wherein the high LET detector and the low LET detector are assembled within a single unit capable of identifying radiation type and total dosage, and wherein the system operates on a range of about 0 to about 0.25 watts and the unit acts as a sentinel for a solar particle event. 22. The radiation sensing device of claim 21, wherein said single unit is less than or equal to about 72 cm.sup.3 in size. 23. A space-based radiation sensing device for radiation sensing while traveling outside the earth's atmosphere, comprising: a high LET detector; and a low LET detector coupled to the high LET detector by a CPU, wherein the high LET detector and the low LET detector are assembled within a single unit capable of identifying radiation type and total dosage; wherein the unit acts as a sentinel for a solar particle even. 24. The radiation sensing device of claim 22, wherein the radiation sensed is nuclear radiation. 25. A space based radiation sensing device for radiation sensing while traveling outside the earth's atmosphere, comprising: a high LET detector; and a low LET detector coupled to the high LET detector by a CPU, wherein the high LET detector and the low LET detector are assembled within a single unit capable of identifying radiation type and total dosage, and wherein the unit is less than or equal to about 72 cm.sup.3 in size. 26. A space based radiation sensing device for radiation sensing while traveling outside the earth's atmosphere, comprising: a high LET detection module; and a low LET detection module, wherein the high let detection module is electrically coupled to the low let detection module; assembled within a single radiation dosimeter unit capable of identifying radiation type and total dosage; wherein the unit acts as a sentinel for a solar particle event. 27. A device according to claim 26, wherein said high LET and low LET modules are coupled to a CPU external to the device. 