A system to monitor the entry and exit of individuals from a facility and to identify individuals who have entered the facility and not indicated safe departure from the facility by reporting to an emergency reporting area and activating the system with an identification card. The system also indicates the most likely area of a facility in which an individual may be found. Such census information is made available to emergency workers and is of significant value in rescue efforts following facility evacuations. A modification of the systems allows an attendant to monitor the entry, exit, and re-entry of individuals traveling in two or more vehicles following stops.
Claims What I claim is: 1. An emergency ingress/egress monitoring system for a facility comprising: a. at least one first card reader means, said first card reader means being in communication with a base computer, said base computer being capable of storing and transmitting ingress and egress data received from said at least one first card reader means; b. a plurality of second card reader means, said plurality of second card reader means being located at emergency assembly areas outside of the facility and further being capable of wireless communication with a portable computer; c. said portable computer being located at a remote secure position outside of said facility and further being in communication with said base computer, and said portable computer further being capable of processing, visually displaying, and generating printed displays of census data transmitted from said base computer, wherein individuals entering the facility register their ingress by passing a personal identification card through the at least one first card reader means and wherein, under normal conditions, such individuals upon exiting the facility register their egress by passing their personal identification card through the at least one first card reader means and wherein, under emergency conditions, such individuals upon exiting the facility may register their egress by passing their personal identification cards through one of the plurality of second card reader means, wherein communication between said base computer and said portable computer and processing of ingress data and egress data received by said first card reader means and by said plurality of second card reader means allows the evacuation status of the facility to be accurately determined in real time. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said portable computer is adapted to communicate with telephone transmitters and to respond to information received via said telephone transmitters, such that individuals exiting the facility may register their egress by calling a predetermined emergency phone number. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the facility is an office building. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the facility is an educational facility. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein the facility is a health care facility. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein the facility is a residential care facility. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the facility comprises at least one vehicle. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein the facility is a ship. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein said portable computer is capable of generating printed images of schematic diagrams of the facility. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein said at least one first card reader means, said base computer, said portable computer, and said plurality of second card reader means each has an independent power supply element each of which said independent power supply elements is automatically activated under emergency conditions, including any power failure. 11. The system of claim 10 wherein said independent power supply element associated with said portable computer and with said plurality of second card reader titans each have solar power panels to recharge said independent power supply elements and said independent power supply elements for said base computer and said at least one first card reader means are charged by drip charge devices. 12. The system of claim 10 wherein said at least one first card reader means communicates directly by wireless means with said portable computer. 13. An emergency ingress/egress monitoring system for a facility comprising: a. at least one first personal recognition means, said first personal recognition means being in communication with a base computer, said base computer being capable of storing and transmitting ingress and egress data received from said at least one first personal recognition means; b. a plurality of second personal recognition means, said plurality of second personal recognition means being located at emergency assembly areas outside of the facility and further being capable of wireless communication with a portable computer; c. said portable computer being located at a remote secure position outside of said facility and further being in communication with said base computer, and said portable computer further being capable of processing, visually displaying, and generating printed displays of census data transmitted from said base computer, wherein individuals entering the facility register their ingress at the at least one first personal recognition means and wherein, under normal conditions, such individuals upon exiting the facility register their egress at the at least one first card reader means and wherein, under emergency conditions, such individuals upon exiting the facility may register their egress at one of the plurality of second personal recognition means, wherein communication between said base computer and said portable computer and processing of ingress data and egress data received by said first personal recognition means and by said plurality of second personal recognition means allows the evacuation status of the facility to be accurately determined in real time. 14. The system of claim 13 wherein the at least one first personal recognition means and the plurality of second personal recognition means comprise optical scanners. 15. The system of claim 13 wherein the at least one first personal recognition means and the plurality of second personal recognition means comprise voice recognition means. 16. The system of claim 13 wherein the at least one first personal recognition means and the plurality of second personal recognition means comprise thumb print recognition means. 