A remote and portable, hybrid power system comprising one or more of the following components: a solar system, batteries, a back-up generator, a wind energy system, and a communications system. The components are disposed on a platform that is portable and transportable to the remote location by a truck or other transportation vehicle.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A portable power assembly comprising: a platform, said platform being transportable and having a substantial weight for stability so that a wind does not blow the assembly over; a renewable energy power system disposed on said platform, said energy power system providing continuous and uninterrupted energy after delivery to a remote location or to a location comprising a home, business or other building structure; the renewable energy power system comprising a solar energy power system having at least one photovoltaic solar panel and a motorized tracking system for automatically moving said at least one photovoltaic solar panel in response to movement of the sun, after delivery of the system to the location; an alternative power system disposed on said platform, said alternative power system comprising a back-up generator and a fuel storage container connected to said back-up generator providing continuous and uninterrupted back-up power after delivery of the system to the location; an energy storage system comprising batteries disposed on said platform providing continuous and uninterrupted back-up power after delivery of the system to the location; said platform removably disposed on a transporting vehicle for transportation and delivery of said platform and said renewable energy power system thereon to the location; and an electrical output cord providing power to the location after delivery of the system. 2. The assembly of claim 1 wherein said photovoltaic solar panel array produces greater than 640 watts. 3. The assembly of claim 1 wherein said photovoltaic solar panel array produces between 1000 and 2000 watts. 4. The assembly of claim 1 further comprising a wind energy system. 5. The assembly of claim 1 wherein a temperature of said batteries is controlled by a temperature controlling device. 6. The assembly of claim 1 further comprising an inverter to convert energy from direct current to alternating current. 7. The assembly of claim 1 further comprising a communications system. 8. The assembly of claim 7 wherein said communications system comprises a satellite dish. 9. The assembly of claim 1 further comprising a wind energy system and a communications system. 10. The assembly of claim 1 further comprising an electric output connector to connect the renewable energy power system to a structure or vehicle to supply electric energy to the structure or vehicle. 11. A method for providing portable energy comprising: providing a renewable energy power system, the renewable energy power system comprising a solar energy power system having at least one photovoltaic solar panel and a motorized tracking system for moving the at least one photovoltaic solar panel and tracking the sun; providing an alternative energy power system comprising a back-up generator and a fuel storage container connected to the back-up generator; providing an energy power storage system comprising batteries; connecting the renewable energy system and the alternative back-up generator system with the storage batteries; disposing the energy power systems and the batteries on a transportable platform having a substantial weight for stability so that a wind does not blow the assembly over; removably disposing the transportable platform on a transporting vehicle for transporting the platform, the energy power systems and batteries disposed thereon; transporting the transportable platform with the energy power systems and batteries disposed thereon to a remote location or to a location comprising a home, business or other building structure; connecting an electrical output cord from the system to a fixed, external home, business or other building structure for providing power to the external building structure; filling the fluid storage container with fuel; generating the energy from the solar energy power system; automatically tracking the sun with the photovoltaic solar panel as the sun moves and increasing the energy generation; generating the energy from the back-up generator using the fuel from the fuel storage container as an alternative to the solar energy power system; storing at least a portion of the energy generated in the batteries; and providing the generated or stored energy power to the external building structure through the electric cord in a continuous uninterrupted output, after delivery of the system to the location. 12. The method of claim 11 wherein the renewable energy power system further comprises a wind energy system. 13. The method of claim 11 wherein the renewable energy power system further comprises a communications system. 14. The assembly of claim 4 wherein said wind energy system is erectable. 15. The assembly of claim 7 wherein said communications system is erectable. 16. The method of claim 12 wherein the wind energy system is erectable. 17. The method of claim 13 wherein the communications system is erectable. 18. The method of claim 11 generating sufficient energy to completely power the external building structure on a daily basis. 19. The method of claim 11 further comprising controlling a temperature of the batteries. 20. The assembly of claim 1 further comprising a platform slidably positionable at the location. 21. The assembly of claim 1 further comprising a motorized two-axis tracking system. 22. The method of claim 11 further comprising positioning the portable power system after delivery to the desired location by sliding the system platform. 23. The method of claim 11 comprising tracking the sun with a motorized two-axis tracking system, after delivery of the system to the location. 