A light bar is described that is of a modular construction based on one or more large circuit boards that are populated with light beam assemblies and then fastened to an interior space of the light bar housing. Keys that automatically align the light beam assemblies on each of the boards precisely control placement of the assemblies on the board. In turn, each of the boards is keyed to the interior of the light bar housing so that when the board is fastened to the housing the light beam assemblies are automatically registered into alignment with the lenses in the housing so that the beams from the assemblies are properly oriented. The light bar is inexpensive to fabricate and can be assembled quickly and reliably, yet it provides for a high degree of customization, which is a requirement in the emergency vehicle lighting industry.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A vehicle light bar comprising: a housing, where the housing extends substantially across a roof of the vehicle, the housing (1) having a front and a back that include lenses for transmitting light from an interior of the housing and (2) containing one or more circuit boards each having a planar surface extending between the front and the back; each of the circuit boards having patterns of keys in its surface that complement patterns of keys in two or more light beam assemblies so as to register the fastening of the two or more light beam assemblies to the circuit board at predetermined positions; each of the patterns of keys in the circuit board are associated with electrical connections leading to one or more connectors on the circuit board so as to provide an electrical connection between the one or more connectors and one of the two or more light beam assemblies mated to the circuit board at one of the predetermined positions defined by the pattern; and the housing including components of fasteners complementing components of fasteners in each of the circuit boards such that engagement of the complementing components registers the circuit board to the housing so that the two or more light beam assemblies fastened to the circuit board are automatically aligned with one or more lenses in the housing. 2. The light bar of claim 1 where the patterns of keys of at least one of the one or more circuit boards include at least one of mating holes or posts and the patterns of keys of at least one of the light beam assemblies include the other of mating holes or posts. 3. The light bar of claim 1 wherein the keys of each of the one or more circuit boards and the keys of the two or more light beam assemblies include one or more pairs of holes in the circuit board and the one or more light beam assemblies, where each pair align to receive a fastener attaching a light beam assembly to the circuit board. 4. The light bar of claim 1 wherein the patterns of keys of the one or more circuit boards are for two or more light beam assemblies. 5. The light bar of claim 1 wherein the patterns of keys of the one or more circuit boards is for alternative types of the two or more light beam assemblies such that the keys at each position pilot and register a selected one of the alternative types of assemblies to the predetermined position on the circuit board associated with the selected type. 6. The light bar of claim 5 wherein the patterns of keys for each position in the circuit board pilot and register either a light beam assembly for a solid state light source or for a gas-filled tube light source. 7. The light bar of claim 1 wherein the one or more circuit boards is a thermally conductive circuit board that both communicates control signals to the one or more light beam assemblies and sinks heat generated by the assemblies. 8. The light bar of claim 1 wherein the one or more circuit boards is two or more circuit boards each connected to another by a wiring harness. 9. The light bar of claim 1 wherein LEDs in the two or more light beam assemblies provide light sources for the light beam assemblies and the LEDs are mounted directed directly to at least one of the one or more circuit boards. 10. The light bar of claim 1 including a controller for the two or more light beam assemblies comprising solid state components mounted directly to at least one of the plurality of circuit boards. 11. The light bar of claim 10 wherein the controller includes a wireless connection to a source of commands remote from the light bar. 12. The light bar of claim 1 wherein each of the one or more circuit boards has a planar surface, each of the one two or more light beam assemblies are mounted to the one or more circuit boards, and each of the one or more circuit boards is positioned in the housing such that its planar surface is oriented substantially horizontally when the light bar is mounted in an operational position. 13. The light bar of claim 1 wherein each of the one or more circuit boards includes an angled portion for either structural support or for properly orienting one of the two or more light beam assemblies to direct associated one or more light beams through a lens in the housing. 14. The light bar of claim 1 wherein the one or more circuit boards is at least two circuit boards mounted in the housing to be substantially side-by-side and co-planar. 15. The light bar of claim 1 including a power source for the two or more light beam assemblies mounted within the housing such that the assemblies operate without requiring power from a source external to the light bar. 16. The light bar of claim 1 wherein the one or more circuit boards attaches to the housing so that the two or more light beam assemblies are oriented upside down such that, when viewed from above, a backplane each of the one or more circuit boards is visible and effectively shields an interior space of the housing that includes the two or more light beam assemblies. 17. A vehicle light bar having a housing extending substantially across a roof of the vehicle, the vehicle light bar made by the process of: fastening two or more emergency lights on a planar surface of a circuit board by matching a pattern of keys on each of the emergency lights to a complementary pattern of keys in the planar surface of the circuit board so as to position the two or more emergency lights at predetermined locations on the planar surface of the circuit board that (1) enable completion of electrical connections between the emergency lights and the circuit board and (2) position the emergency lights to beam light substantially along the planar surface of the circuit board; electrically connecting the two or more emergency lights to a cable connector on the circuit board by completing the electrical connections between the two or more emergency lights and the circuit board enabled by the fastening of the two or more emergency lights to the circuit board; and fastening the circuit board in the housing of the light bar for securing to a surface of the vehicle such that the planar surface of the circuit board extends longitudinally across the housing and the fastening is accomplished by longitudinally aligning complementing patterns of keys in the circuit board and the housing, resulting in the emergency lights being optically aligned with one or more lenses in the housing. 18. The process of claim 17 wherein fastening two or more emergency lights on a planar surface of a circuit board includes selecting each emergency light from a group of different types of light sources. 19. The process of claim 17 wherein the group of different types of light sources includes two or more of the following types: LEDs, halogen lamps, high intensity discharge (HID) lamps, lasers, strobe lamps, incandescent lamps and light engines. 20. The process of claim 17 including populating another circuit board with one or more light sources by registering each of the light sources to a predetermined location on the circuit board and then fastening the light source to the circuit board at the predetermined location; placing said another circuit board in the housing; and, connecting a wiring harness between the said another circuit board and the circuit board. 21. The process of claim 20 including placing the circuit board and the said another circuit board in the housing such that their planar surfaces substantially share a common horizontal plane. 22. The process of claim 17 wherein the circuit board is an aluminum circuit board. 23. The process of claim 17 wherein fastening two or more emergency lights on a planar surface of a circuit board includes fastening LEDs to the circuit board in predetermined locations such that the board both provides power to the LEDs and sinks heat generated by the LEDs. 24. The process of claim 23 including registering a reflector to a predetermined location on the circuit board and fastening the reflector to the circuit board at the predetermined location to cooperate with one or more of the LEDs so as to generate a light beam passing through a lens of the housing. 25. The process of claim 17 wherein fastening two or more emergency lights on a planar surface of a circuit board includes selecting light sources of different color. 26. The process of claim 25 wherein light sources of different color are commonly configured to each alternatively fit in one of the predetermined locations. 27. The process of claim 17 including adding a wireless receiver within the housing for receiving remotely generated commands controlling the two or more emergency lights. 28. The process of claim 17 including physically attaching a power source to the light bar for providing power to the two or more emergency lights. 29. The process of claim 28 wherein the power source is a solar cell. 30. The process of claim 28 wherein the power source is a fuel cell. 31. The process of claim 28 wherein the power source includes an energy storage device. 32. A vehicle light bar comprising: a housing, where the housing extends substantially across the emergency vehicle and having lenses in at least one of a front and a rear of the housing; one or more circuit boards mounted to the interior of the housing and oriented to have their planar surfaces extending longitudinally between the front and rear of the housing; each circuit board including conductive traces providing electrical connections between a connector on the circuit board and two or more sites on the circuit board for mounting emergency lights; and at least two of the sites on each of the circuit boards having keys for mating with complementary keys on the emergency lights in order to fasten the emergency lights at predetermined positions on the circuit board that align the emergency lights with the lenses of the housing and enable electrical connection between the circuit board and the emergency lights. 33. The light bar of claim 32, wherein the keys include one or more pairs of holes in the one or more circuit boards and in the emergency lights, where each pair align to receive a fastener attaching an emergency light to the one or more circuit boards. 34. The light bar of claim 32 wherein the keys for each predetermined position on at least one circuit board is for alternative types of the emergency lights such that the keys at each predetermined position pilot and register a selected one of the alternative types of emergency lights to the predetermined position on the circuit board associated with the selected type. 35. The light bar of claim 34 wherein the keys for each predetermined position pilot and register either an emergency light with a solid state light source or with a gas-filled tube light source. 36. The light bar of claim 32 wherein at least one circuit board is a thermally conductive circuit board that both communicates control signals to the one or more emergency lights and sinks heat generated by the emergency lights. 37. The light bar of claim 32 wherein the one or more circuit boards is two or more circuit boards each connected to another by a wiring harness. 38. The light bar of claim 32 wherein LEDs in the emergency lights provide light sources for the emergency lights and the LEDs are mounted directly to the one or more circuit boards. 39. The light bar of claim 32 including a controller for the emergency lights comprising solid state components mounted directly to at least one of the one or more circuit boards. 40. The light bar of claim 32 wherein all of the emergency lights are mounted to the one or more circuit boards and each of the one or more circuit boards is positioned in the housing such that its planar surface is oriented substantially horizontally when the light bar is mounted in an operational position. 41. The light bar of claim 32 wherein the one or more circuit boards includes an angled portion for either structural support or for properly orienting one of the emergency lights to direct associated light beams through one or more of the lenses of the housing. 42. The light bar of claim 32 wherein the one or more circuit boards is at least two circuit boards mounted in the housing to be substantially side-by-side and co-planar. 43. The light bar of claim 39 wherein the controller includes a wireless connection to a source of commands remote from the light bar. 44. The light bar of claim 32 including a power source for the emergency lights such that the emergency lights operate without requiring power from a source external from the light bar. 45. The light bar of claim 32 wherein the one or more circuit boards attaches to the housing so that the emergency lights are oriented upside down such that, when viewed from above, a backplane of the one or more circuit boards is visible and effectively shields a portion of an interior space of the housing. 