This invention provides a wind turbine-battery-dump load stand-alone renewable energy system and an optimal control of the same. The system may include both power conversion and control units. In one embodiment, the power conversion unit features a wind-turbine-driven three-phase induction generator, a diode rectifier, a battery charger, a boost dc/dc converter, a battery bank (48V), and a dc/ac inverter. A dump load is also used to dissipate excess power that is not required for either the battery charging or for the load. The integrated control unit may use the TMS320LF2407A DSP microcontroller from Texas Instruments, which allows operations of the wind power system and the battery storage system to be merged into a single package under a master controller. An embodiment of the control system features battery-charging control, battery voltage-boost control, dump load control, PWM inverter control, and system protection. It enables the use of renewable energy resources, while at the same time facilitating an efficient management of energy dispatch. This integrated control system offers remote villages the potential to fully supply their electrical power needs.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A renewable energy power conversion apparatus suitable for generating electrical power at an output to drive a load using power obtained from a renewable energy source, the electrical power at the output of the apparatus provided at a substantially pre-determined output voltage level despite variations in the availability of the renewable energy source, the apparatus comprising: a. a power generator having a generator output, said power generator adapted to convert energy from the renewable energy source into a generated power at a generated voltage level that varies subject to the availability of the renewable energy source, the power generator rated for a pre-determined nominal generator voltage level; b. a buck-boost power flow channel coupling the generator output of said power generator to the output of the apparatus, said buck-boost power flow channel adapted to provide a first portion of the output power at the output of the apparatus by regulating a first portion of the generated power to a regulated voltage level and by boosting the first portion of the generated power to a voltage level which is substantially compatible with the pre-determined output voltage level; and c. a bypass power flow channel coupling the generator output of said power generator to the output of the apparatus, said bypass power flow channel adapted to operate in parallel with said buck-boost power flow channel to provide a second portion of the output power by passing the second portion of the generated power directly to the output of the apparatus at a voltage level which is substantially equal to the generated voltage level; wherein most of the generated power flows from the output of said power generator to the output of the apparatus via said bypass power flow channel when the generated voltage level rises substantially above the nominal generator voltage level. 2. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein the renewable energy source is a wind energy source, and wherein said power generator is a wind turbine power generator. 3. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein most of the generated power flows from the output of said power generator to the output of the apparatus via said buck-boost power flow channel when the generated voltage level falls substantially below the nominal generator voltage. 4. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, further comprising a power storage system for storing a third portion of the output power, wherein the third portion of the generated power is stored in said power storage system when the generated power substantially exceeds the power requirements of the load, and wherein said power storage system provides the third portion of the output power when the power requirements of the load substantially exceed the generated power. 5. The apparatus as recited in claim 4, wherein the power storage system is a battery-bank. 6. The apparatus as recited in claim 4, further comprising a dump-load for disposing of a fourth portion of the generated power when said battery-bank is at a full state-of-charge and the generated power substantially exceeds the power requirements of the load. 7. The apparatus as recited in claim 4, further comprising a boost chopper coupled to said power storage system to receive the fourth portion of generated power, said boost chopper further coupled to the output of the apparatus to condition the fourth portion of generated power to a voltage level that is compatible with the output voltage. 8. The apparatus as recited in claim 4, wherein the power storage system is an electrolyzer coupled to a genset. 9. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, further comprising a boost power source, wherein said boost power source provides a third portion of the output power when the power requirements of the load substantially exceed the generated power. 10. The apparatus as recited in claim 9, wherein the boost power source is selected from the group comprising: battery-bank, genset, photovoltaic array, and grid power. 11. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, further comprising a rectifier coupled to said power generator for providing the generated power as a direct current. 12. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein the renewable energy source is a solar energy source, and wherein said power generator is a photovoltaic generator. 13. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, further comprising an inverter coupled to the output for providing the output voltage as an alternating current. 14. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein said bypass channel comprises a bypass diode. 15. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein at least one component of the apparatus is switched off when most of the generated power flows from the output of said power generator to the output of the apparatus via said bypass power flow channel thereby increasing the efficiency of the apparatus. 16. The apparatus as recited in claim 15, further comprising a boost chopper. 17. The apparatus as recited in claim 16, wherein the boost chopper one of the at least one component of the apparatus which is switched off. 