A lamp strip assembly including a lamp and an elongate reflector, forming a lamp set, mounted in an elongate housing, the elongate reflector including a curved reflective portion at one end thereof and the lamp being distanced axially away from that end, wherein the curved reflective portion is adapted to reflect light rays from the lamp through a light transmissive element of the elongate housing.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A lamp strip assembly comprising: a lamp and an elongate reflector, forming a lamp set, mounted in an elongate housing, said elongate reflector comprising a curved reflective portion at one end thereof and said lamp being distanced away from that end along an elongate axis of said elongate housing, wherein said curved reflective portion is adapted to reflect light rays, which are directed from said lamp along said elongate axis towards said curved reflective portion, through a light transmissive element of said elongate housing, and wherein a plurality of the lamp sets are mounted axially one after another in the elongate housing and wherein the elongate reflectors of each of the lamp sets are discrete and separated from each other, and wherein said elongate housing is the only common mounting surface for said lamp and said elongate reflector of each said lamp set, and wherein the curved reflective portion is curved concavely with respect to the light rays impinging thereon, and wherein the lamp of one of the lamp sets, called a first lamp, is mounted underneath the curved reflective portion of an adjacent elongate reflector of an adjacent lamp set, wherein said adjacent elongate reflector blocks light rays from said first lamp from passing unreflected through said light transmissive element and light rays from said first lamp pass through said light transmissive element only by reflection from the elongate reflector belonging to the lamp set of said first lamp. 2. The lamp strip assembly according to claim 1, wherein none of said lamps touch any of said elongate reflectors. 3. The lamp strip assembly according to claim 1, wherein the lamp is positioned outwards from an end of the elongate reflector opposite to the end where the curved reflective portion is located. 4. The lamp strip assembly according to claim 1, wherein said curved reflective portion is curved with respect to said first lamp so that light rays reflected from said elongate reflector belonging to the lamp set of said first lamp rays are not directed back over said first lamp. 5. The lamp strip assembly according to claim 1, wherein the lamp is powered by a battery. 6. The lamp strip assembly according to claim 1, wherein the lamp is powered by a solar cell. 7. The lamp strip assembly according to claim 1, wherein the curved reflective portion is parabolically curved. 8. The lamp strip assembly according to claim 1, wherein the curved reflective portion is white. 9. The lamp strip assembly according to claim 1, wherein said light transmissive element has a light transmission in a range from transparent to translucent. 10. The lamp strip assembly according to claim 1, further comprising a support stub underneath and attached to the curved reflective portion of said elongate reflector and attached to said elongate housing and spaced from said lamp. 11. The lamp strip assembly according to claim 4, further comprising a support stub underneath and attached to the curved reflective portion of said elongate reflector and attached to said elongate housing and spaced from said lamp, and wherein the lamp of one of the lamp sets is mounted underneath the curved reflective portion of an adjacent elongate reflector of an adjacent lamp set and next to said support stub. 