A trash compactor designed for public use is powered by a photovoltaic cell array. This allows the trash compactor to be placed in locations where no power is available, but with frequent human traffic. The compaction feature allows the unit to be emptied less often than a typical trash container. The trash compactor can include a storage system to store power for compaction cycles. A removable bin allows easy removal of the compacted trash. The removable bin can include multiple chambers for different trash types.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A storage container comprising: an enclosure; a photovoltaic panel located on an upper exterior surface of said enclosure, said photovoltaic panel positioned to be exposed to sunlight, to convert said received sunlight into electric power; a storage battery, electrically connected to said photovoltaic panel; a motor controller having a controlling component electrically connected to said storage battery, said controlling component to monitor and control compactions performed by said storage container, wherein said controlling component is configured to skip a compaction cycle when said storage battery is undercharged until an adequate charge has been attained, said motor is a central microprocessor; a compaction ram, located within said enclosure, said compaction ram positioned to travel along a preset path within said enclosure; a driving mechanism located within said enclosure and electrically connected to said controlling component, wherein said driving mechanism is coupled to said compaction ram, said driving mechanism to use electric power from said storage battery to move said compaction ram along said preset path within said enclosure; and an access door, located on said enclosure, said access door to allow user access within said enclosure; wherein items introduced into said enclosure by said access door settle into at least one bin, and wherein when said compaction ram travels along said preset path within said enclosure, said compaction ram compresses said items within said at least one bin, and said compaction ram travels within at least a part of said at least one bin. 2. The storage container of claim 1, wherein said at least one bin includes a handle to allow removal of said bin. 3. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component is programmed to engage an actuator to lock said access door. 4. The storage container of claim 1 further comprising: at least one electrical contact said at least one electrical contact providing an electronic coupling from a first storage container to a second storage container. 5. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said driving mechanism further comprises a variable speed transmission. 6. The storage container of claim 1 further comprising an accelerometer affixed to said storage container. 7. The storage container of claim 1 further comprising a tracking system. 8. The storage container of claim 1 further comprising at least one perforator disposed between said access door and said at least one bin, said perforator operatively coupled to said driving mechanism. 9. The storage container of claim 8, wherein said at least one bin comprises a plurality of bins and said storage container further comprises a diversion mechanism, said diversion mechanism directing said items introduced into said enclosure into each of said plurality of bins. 10. The storage container of claim 8 further comprising a protective labyrinth, said protective labyrinth disposed between said access door and said at least one perforator. 11. The storage container of claim 1 further comprising an animal-resistant latch operatively attached to said access door. 12. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said access door is coated with an anti-stick material. 13. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said photovoltaic panel is placed between layers of foam. 14. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said photovoltaic panel is covered by a protective coating. 15. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said photovoltaic panel and a footprint of said storage container have substantially a 1:1 ratio. 16. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said enclosure further comprises bracing to prevent said bin from flexing or bulging under compaction pressure. 17. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component regulates voltage and current. 18. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component switches from a hydraulic accumulator energy storage to said storage battery. 19. The storage container of claim 1 further comprising a plurality of hold-downs, said plurality of hold-downs pivotally attached within said enclosure, said hold-downs pivoting to allow said compaction ram to travel on said pre-set path. 20. The storage container of claim 1 further comprising a counter-weight, said counter-weight disposed at an end of said compaction ram. 21. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component reduces clock speed when said compaction ram is stationary. 22. The storage container of claim 1 further comprising a plurality of indicator lights. 23. The storage container of claim 1 further comprising a visual sensor, said visual sensor determining a capacity of said bin. 24. The storage container of claim 23 wherein said visual sensor further comprises a mirror system. 25. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component powers a visual sensor when items are introduced into said enclosure. 26. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component is configured to disable unused circuits within said controlling component. 27. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component regulates a battery charger, said battery charger disabled when solar power is insufficient enough to charge said storage battery. 28. The storage container of claim 1 further comprising a blocking diode, said blocking diode regulating a current flow from said storage battery to a battery charger. 29. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component disengages energy draw when an operating voltage output from said photovoltaic panel or storage battery is below a threshold. 30. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component selects said photovoltaic panel or said storage battery as a source of energy. 31. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component recharges an energy storage system through an electrical contact to another storage container, said energy storage system comprising said photovoltaic panel and said storage battery. 32. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component monitors and tracks operation voltage. 33. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component controls pressure settings of said compacting ram. 34. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component monitors relative current values. 35. The storage container of claim 1 further comprising an energy generator, said energy generator driven by movement of said access door. 36. The storage container of claim 35 wherein said energy generator comprises a piezoelectric element. 37. The storage container of claim 36 wherein said energy generator comprises a flywheel. 38. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component engages a relay activating a wireless transmitter, said wireless transmitter activated by said controlling component to transmit and receive a signal. 39. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component engages a relay to activate an explosive detector. 40. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component engages a relay to activate an odor reducing device. 41. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said at least one bin defines a drainage hole. 42. The storage container of claim 1 further comprising: an information panel affixed to said enclosure. 43. The storage container of claim 42 wherein said information panel is a lighted sign. 44. The storage container of claim 42 wherein said information panel is a scrolling panel. 45. A solar powered trash compactor comprising: an enclosure; a photovoltaic panel located on an angled upper exterior surface of said enclosure, said photovoltaic panel positioned to be exposed to sunlight, to convert said received sunlight into electric power; a storage battery, located within said enclosure and electrically connected to said photovoltaic panel; a motor controller having a controlling component electrically connected to said storage battery, to monitor and control compactions, wherein said controlling component is configured to skip a compaction cycle when said storage battery is undercharged until an adequate charge has been attained, said motor controller is a central microprocessor; an electric motor located within said enclosure and electrically connected to said controlling component, said electric motor connected to a chain drive mechanism, said chain drive mechanism also connected to a compaction ram, wherein said compaction ram, when moved by said chain drive mechanism, moves along a preset path within said enclosure; a bin, located within said enclosure, wherein items introduced into said enclosure by an access door settle into said bin, said bin positioned within said enclosure so that when said compaction ram travels along said preset path within said enclosure, said compaction ram travels within at least a part of said bin and compresses items within said bin; and a bin access door, located on said enclosure, to allow insertion and removal of said bin from said enclosure. 46. The storage container of claim 1, wherein said controlling component receives signals from a photoelectric sensor, providing an indication that said bin is full of items. 47. The solar trash compactor of claim 45, wherein said controlling component receives signals from a photoelectric sensor, providing an indication that said bin is full of items. 48. A storage container comprising: an enclosure; a photovoltaic panel located on an upper exterior surface of said enclosure, said photovoltaic panel positioned to be exposed to sunlight, to convert said received sunlight into electric power; a storage battery, located within said enclosure and electrically connected to said photovoltaic panel; a motor controller having a controlling component electrically connected to said storage battery, said controlling component to monitor and control compactions performed by said storage container, wherein said controlling component is configured to skip a compaction cycle when said storage battery is undercharged until an adequate charge has been attained, said motor controller is a central microprocessor; a compaction ram, located within said enclosure, said compaction ram positioned to travel along a preset path within said enclosure; a driving mechanism located within said enclosure and electrically connected to said controlling component, wherein said driving mechanism is coupled to said compaction ram, said driving mechanism to use electric power from said storage battery to move said compaction ram along said preset path within said enclosure; and at least one access door, located on said enclosure, said at least one access door to allow user access within said enclosure; at least one protective chute coupled to said at least one access door wherein items introduced into said enclosure by said access door travel down said protective chute; and at least one perforator disposed between said at least one protective chute and at least one bin, said at least one perforator operatively coupled to said driving mechanism; wherein items introduced into said enclosure by said at least one access door travel through said at least one perforator and settle into said at least one bin, and wherein when said compaction ram travels along said preset path within said enclosure, said compaction ram compresses said items within said at least one bin, and said compaction ram travels within at least a part of said at least one bin. 49. The storage container of claim 48, wherein said at least one bin comprises a plurality of bins and said storage container further comprises a diversion mechanism, said diversion mechanism directing said items introduced into said enclosure into each of said plurality of bins. 50. The storage container of claim 48 further comprising: a protective labyrinth, said protective labyrinth disposed between said access door and said at least one perforator preventing said user's access to said perforator. 51. A storage container comprising: an enclosure; a compaction ram positioned in said enclosure; a photovoltaic panel positioned on said enclosure to be exposed to sunlight; a storage battery, electrically connected to said photovoltaic panel; and a motor controller, electrically connected to said storage battery, said motor controller configured to control compaction cycles of the compaction ram in said storage container, wherein said motor controller is configured to skip said cycles when said storage battery is undercharged until an adequate charge of said storage battery has been attained, said motor controller is a central microprocessor. 