A portable PV modular solar generator for providing electricity to a stationary electrically powered device. A plurality of wheels is attached to a rechargeable battery container. The plurality of wheels allow for movement of the PV modular solar generator so that the distance can be varied between the PV modular solar generator can be positioned in optimum sunlight. There is a rechargeable battery contained inside the rechargeable battery container. There is a pivotally connected photovoltaic panel for generating electricity. There is an electrical component for receiving an processing electricity generated by the pivotally connected photovoltaic panel. The electrical component also directs the electricity to either the rechargeable battery for storage or to the stationary electrically powered device. The PV modular solar generator supplies energy to an AC main panel for the stationary electrically powered device. The AC main panel receives generated energy from a public utility grid. The PV modular solar generator also includes a computer for monitoring the status of the public utility grid. The computer is capable of disconnecting the public utility grid from the AC main panel when the public utility grid is not energized and computer is also capable of connecting the public utility grid to the AC main panel when the public utility grid is energized.
Claims We claim: 1. A portable PV modular solar generator for providing electricity to a separate stationary electrically powered device, said portable PV modular solar generator comprising: A) a rechargeable battery container, B) a plurality of wheels for moving said portable PV modular solar generator so as to vary the distance between said portable PV modular solar generator and said separate stationary electrically powered device so as to position said portable PV modular solar generator in optimum sunlight, C) at least one rechargeable battery contained inside said rechargeable battery container, D) at least one pivotally connected photovoltaic panel for generating electricity, and E) at least one electrical component for receiving and processing said electricity generated by said at least one pivotally connected photovoltaic panel, wherein said electricity processed by said at least one electrical component is directed either to said at least one rechargeable battery for storage or to a said separate stationary electrically powered device, wherein said portable PV modular solar generator supplies energy to at least one AC main panel for said separate stationary electrically powered device, wherein said AC main panel receives generated energy from a public utility grid, wherein said portable PV modular solar generator further comprises a computer for monitoring the status of said public utility grid, wherein said computer is capable of disconnecting said public utility grid from said AC main panel when said public utility grid is not energized and said computer is capable of connecting said public utility grid to said AC main panel when said public utility grid is energized. 2. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 1, further comprising a programmable circuit selection panel. 3. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 2, wherein said programmable circuit selection panel comprises: A) a computer, B) an actuator controlled by said computer, C) a plurality of circuit activation switches controlled by said actuator, wherein said computer is programmed to cause said actuator to control the opening and closing of said plurality of circuit activation switches based on the time of day. 4. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 1, further comprising at least one quick-release battery connection device comprising a cam clip for connecting said at least two rechargeable batteries. 5. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 4, wherein said at least one quick-release battery connection device further comprises: A) a cam tension adjustment nut connected to said cam clip, and B) a cam tension adjustment strap connected to said cam tension adjustment nut. 6. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 1, further comprising a remotely controlled drive device for driving at least one of said plurality of wheels in order to position said portable PV modular solar generator in optimum sunlight. 7. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 6, further comprising a remote control unit to remotely control said remotely controlled device, said remote control unit comprising: A) a manual setting, B) a remote control setting, and C) a automatic setting. 8. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 1, wherein said portable PV modular solar generator has automatic positioning capability for automatically driving at least one of said plurality of wheels in order to position said portable PV modular solar generator in optimum sunlight. 9. A portable PM modular solar generator for providing electricity to a stationary electrically powered device, said portable PV modular solar generator comprising: A) a plurality of photovoltaic panels, B) an automatic positioning device, comprising: i. at least one drive wheel, ii. a drive motor connected to said, at least one drive wheel, and iii. a computer in electrical communication with said drive motor and with said plurality of photovoltaic panels, and C) a rechargeable battery container and a mast connected to said rechargeable battery container, wherein said mast comprises a rotation bar, wherein said at least one photovoltaic panel is pivotally connected via said rotation bar, wherein values corresponding to generated solar energy levels are sent from each of said plurality of photovoltaic panels to said computer, wherein said computer computes an energy gradient between each of said plurality of photovoltaic panels, wherein said computer sends a signal to said drive motor, wherein said signal is based on said energy gradient between each of said plurality of photovoltaic panel wherein said signal is used to drive said at least one drive wheel to automatically vary the distance between said portable PV modular solar generator and said stationary electrically powered device in order to position said portable PV modular solar generator in optimum sunlight. 10. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, further comprising a plurality of wheels attached to the bottom of said rechargeable battery container. 11. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, further comprising sixteen rechargeable batteries contained within said rechargeable battery container. 12. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, further comprising at least one lead acid battery contained within said rechargeable battery container. 13. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, further comprising at least one fuel cell contained within said rechargeable battery container. 14. A portable PV modular solar generator for providing electricity to a stationary electrically powered device, said portable PV modular solar generator comprising: A) a plurality of photovoltaic panels, B) an automatic positioning device, comprising: i. at least one drive wheel. ii. a drive motor connected to said, at least one drive wheel, and iii. a computer in electrical communication with said drive motor and with said plurality of photovoltaic panels, C) a waterproof battery enclosure for containing batteries, and D) a mast supported by said waterproof battery enclosure, wherein said mast comprises a rotation bar, wherein said plurality of photovoltaic panels is pivotally connected via said rotation bar, wherein values corresponding to generated solar energy levels are sent from each of said plurality of photovoltaic panels to said computer, wherein said computer computes an energy gradient between each of said plurality of photovoltaic panels, wherein said computer sends a signal to said drive motor to drive said at least one drive wheel to automatically vary the position of said portable PV modular solar generator relative to said stationary electrically powered device. 15. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, wherein said rechargeable battery container further comprises a knife switch connection. 16. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, further comprising a power conditioning panel, wherein said power conditioning panel comprises at least one electrical component. 17. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 16 further comprising at least one rechargeable battery, wherein said at least one electrical component comprises: A) a charge controller electrically connected to said plurality of photovoltaic panels and said at least one rechargeable battery, and B) an inverter electrically connected to said charge controller. 18. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, further comprising a power conditioning panel, wherein said power conditioning panel is waterproof. 19. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, further comprising a power conditioning panel, wherein said power conditioning panel comprises: A) a door, and B) at least one safety switch that opens breaking an electrical circuit when said door is opened. 20. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, wherein said plurality of photovoltaic panels is four photovoltaic panels. 21. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, further comprising at least one solar panel support brace wherein said plurality of photovoltaic panels is supported by said at least one solar panel support brace. 22. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, further comprising an auxiliary power input device. 23. A portable PV modular solar generator for providing electricity to a stationary electrically powered device, said portable PV modular solar generator comprising: A) a plurality of photovoltaic panels, B) an automatic positioning device, comprising: i. at least one drive wheel. ii. a drive motor connected to said, at least one drive wheel, and iii. a computer in electrical communication with said drive motor and with said plurality of photovoltaic panels, and C) at least one solar panel support brace wherein said plurality of photovoltaic panels is supported by said at least one solar panel support brace, wherein said solar panel support brace comprises at least one spring loaded expansion bar, wherein values corresponding to generated solar energy levels are sent from each of said plurality of photovoltaic panels to said computer, wherein said computer computes an energy gradient between each of said plurality of photovoltaic panels, wherein said computer sends a signal to said drive motor to drive said at least one drive wheel to automatically vary the position of said portable PV modular solar generator relative to said stationary electrically powered device. 24. A portable PV modular solar generator for providing electricity to a stationary electrically powered device, said portable PV modular solar generator, comprising: A) a rechargeable battery container, B) a plurality of wheels for moving said portable PV modular solar generator so as to vary said portable PV modular solar generator's position relative to said stationary electrically powered device and so as to position said portable PV modular solar generator in optimum sunlight, C) a mast, D) at least one photovoltaic panel connected to said mast, E) a mast cap, and F) a mast cap lid, comprising: 1) at least one electromagnetic lock for locking said mast cap lid to said mast cap, wherein when electrical current is generated by said at least one photovoltaic panel, a signal is sent to said electromagnetic lock to cause a locked state between said mast cap and said mast cap lid. 25. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 24, further comprising at least one ventilation fan attached to said mast cap lid. 26. A portable PV modular solar generator for providing electricity to a stationary electrically powered device, said portable PV modular solar generator comprising: A) a rechargeable battery container, B) a plurality of wheels for moving said portable PV modular solar generator so as to vary said portable PV modular solar generator's position relative to said stationary electrically powered device and so as to position said portable 1W modular solar generator in optimum sunlight, C) at least one rechargeable battery contained inside said rechargeable battery container, D) a power conditioning panel connected to said rechargeable battery container, and E) at least one pivotally connected photovoltaic panel, wherein said portable PV modular solar generator has automatic positioning capability, wherein said automatic positioning capability comprises: A) a plurality of drive wheels, B) a drive motor connected to said plurality of drive wheels, and C) a computer in electrical communication with said drive motor and with said plurality of photovoltaic panels, wherein values corresponding to generated solar energy levels are sent from each of said plurality of photovoltaic panels to said computer, wherein said computer computes an energy gradient between each of said plurality of photovoltaic panels, wherein said computer sends a signal to said drive motor to drive said drive wheels to automatically position said portable PV modular solar generator. 27. A portable PV modular solar generator, comprising: A) a rechargeable battery container, B) a plurality of wheels attached to the bottom of said rechargeable battery container, C) at least one rechargeable battery contained inside said rechargeable battery container, D) a power conditioning panel connected to said rechargeable battery container, E) at least one pivotally connected photovoltaic panel, F) a mast cap, and G) a mast cap lid, comprising: 1) at least one electromagnetic lock for locking said mast cap lid to said mast cap wherein when electrical current is generated by said at least one photovoltaic panel, a signal is sent to said electromagnetic lock to cause a locked state between said mast cap and said mast cap lid. 28. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 1, further comprising a means for receiving electrical input from at least one DC auxiliary power unit, wherein said electrical input from said at least one DC auxiliary power unit is directed to said at least one rechargeable battery for storage or to said stationary electrically powered device. 29. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 1, wherein said portable PV modular solar generator is mechanically detached from said stationary electrically powered device, and wherein said portable PV modular solar generator is electrically connected to said stationary electrically powered device. 30. A portable PV modular solar generator for providing power to a separate electrically powered device, comprising: A) a rechargeable battery container, B) a relative position adjustment means for adjusting the relative position between said portable modular solar generator and said separate electrically powered device, C) at least one rechargeable battery contained inside said rechargeable battery container, D) at least one pivotally connected photovoltaic panel for generating electricity, E) at least one electrical component for receiving and processing said electricity generated by said at least one pivotally connected photovoltaic panel, wherein said electricity processed by said at least one electrical component is directed either to said at least one rechargeable battery for storage or to said separate electrically powered device, and wherein said portable PV modular solar generator supplies energy to at least one AC main panel for said stationary electrically powered device, wherein said AC main panel receives generated energy from a public utility grid, wherein, said portable PV modular solar generator further comprises a computer for monitoring the status of said public utility grid, wherein said computer is capable of disconnecting said public utility grid from said AC main panel when said public utility grid is not energized and said computer is capable of connecting said public utility grid to said AC main panel when said public utility grid is energized. 31. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 30, wherein said relative position adjustment means is a plurality of wheels. 32. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 30, wherein said separate electrically powered device is stationary. 33. The portable PV modular solar venerator as in claim 30, wherein said separate electrically powered device is a residence. 34. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 30, wherein said separate electrically powered device is a building 35. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 30, wherein said separate electrically powered device is a stationary recreational vehicle. 36. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 1, further comprising: A) a charge controller electrically connected to said at least one pivotally connected photovoltaic panel and said at least one rechargeable battery, and B) an inverter electrically connected to said charge controller. 37. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 3, wherein said stationary electrically powered device comprises a plurality of circuits, wherein each circuit of said plurality of circuits powers an assigned area of said stationary electrically powered device, wherein said opening and closing of said plurality of circuit activation switches controls electrical flow to said plurality of circuits. 38. A portable PV modular solar generator for providing electricity to a stationary electrically powered device having an AC main panel adapted to receive electric energy form a public utility grid or said PV modular solar generator, said portable PV modular solar generator comprising: A) a rechargeable battery container, B) a plurality of wheels for moving said portable PV modular solar generator so as to vary the distance between said portable PV modular solar generator and said stationary electrically powered device so as to position said portable PV modular solar generator in optimum sunlight, C) at least one rechargeable battery contained inside said rechargeable battery container, D) at least one pivotally connected photovoltaic panel for generating electricity, and E) at least one electrical component for receiving and processing said electricity generated by said at least one pivotally connected photovoltaic panel, wherein said electricity processed by said at least one electrical component is directed either to said at least one rechargeable battery for storage or to a said stationary electrically powered device, F) a computer controlled control unit adapted to monitor status of said public utility grid, disconnect said AC main panel from said public utility grid when energy from said public utility grid is not available and to connect said AC main panel to said public utility grid when energy from said public utility grid is available. 39. A portable PV modular solar generator for providing electricity to a stationary electrically powered device, said portable PV modular solar generator comprising: A.) a mast and erector screw enclosure module, comprising: 1) a mast, 2) a mast cap, 3) a mast cap lid, 4) a central channel for guiding an erector screw, 5) a plurality of outer channels, comprising: a) electrical raceways for wiring and electrical cabling, b) a means for supporting an erector arm and an erector arm support wherein said mast is supported by a rechargeable battery container, B) a rechargeable battery container module, comprising: 1) power storage devices in weatherproof safety enclosures, wherein said rechargeable battery container module forms a base support for said portable PV modular solar generator, C) a power conditioning panel module for providing a weatherproof safety enclosure for electrical and electronic devices that are required to convert and monitor power generated by solar panels, D) a panel erector mechanism and support brace module, E) a battery enclosure carriage module for providing system mobility, and F) a circuit selection panel module. 