An antenna assembly includes a reflector dish and a unit attached at a distal end of an arm to receive satellite signals reflected from the reflector dish. The unit includes at least one low-noise block converter (LNB) to receive the satellite signals and a wireless communication transceiver that operates to transmit and receive video and data information within a surrounding range.
Claims I claim: 1. Antenna apparatus for mounting outdoors at a fixed location comprising: a dish positionable to receive satellite transmission signals from an orbiting satellite; at least one low-noise block converter (LNB) to receive the satellite transmission signals reflected off of the dish; a wireless communication transceiver mounted outdoors at the fixed location with the at least one LNB, the wireless communication transceiver operating as an 802.11x compliant device, the wireless communication transceiver being operable to transmit/receive digital data at a rate of 2 Mbps or greater to/from a plurality of devices located within a signal transmission range of the wireless communication transceiver. 2. The antenna apparatus of claim 1 wherein the digital data comprises video programs contained within the satellite transmission signals. 3. The antenna apparatus of claim 2 wherein the wireless communication transceiver receives control signals transmitted in a frequency range of about 40 MHz to about 1.2 GHz. 4. The antenna apparatus of claim 1 wherein the satellite transmission signals occupy a first frequency band and the wireless communication transceiver operates in a second frequency band distinct from the first frequency band. 5. The antenna apparatus of claim 4 wherein the second frequency band is the 5 GHz band. 6. The antenna apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a housing to enclose the at least one LNB and the wireless communication transceiver, and a feed horn protruding from the housing. 7. The antenna apparatus of claim 1 wherein the at least one LNB comprises first and second LNBs. 8. The antenna apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a wireless antenna coupled to the wireless communication transceiver. 9. The antenna apparatus of claim 1 wherein the wireless communication transceiver operates in accordance with IEEE 802.11a specification. 10. An antenna assembly for mounting outdoors at a fixed location comprising: a reflector dish; an arm; a unit attached at a distal end of the arm, the unit including: at least one low-noise block converter (LNB) to receive satellite signals reflected from the reflector dish; and a wireless communication transceiver operable to terrestrially transmit digital video programs to end users via a wireless network that includes at least one repeater, at least one end user being located a distance beyond a transmission range of the wireless communication transceiver. 11. The antenna assembly of claim 10 further comprising a support for mounting outdoors at the fixed location, the reflector dish being mounted to the support. 12. The antenna assembly of claim 11 wherein a proximate end of the arm is attached to the support. 13. The antenna assembly of claim 10 wherein a proximate end of the arm is attached to the reflector dish. 14. The antenna assembly of claim 10 wherein the unit further comprises: a housing to enclose the at least one LNB and the wireless communication transceiver; and a feed horn protruding from a side of the housing nearest the reflector dish. 15. The antenna assembly of claim 10 wherein the wireless communication transceiver operates to transmit and receive digital data to and from user devices located within a surrounding range. 16. The antenna assembly of claim 15 wherein the data includes video programs. 17. The antenna assembly of claim 10 wherein the satellite transmissions occupy a first frequency band and the wireless communication transceiver operates in a second frequency band distinct from the first frequency band. 18. The antenna assembly of claim 17 wherein the second frequency band is the 5 GHz band. 19. The antenna assembly of claim 10 wherein the at least one LNB comprises first and second LNBs. 20. The antenna assembly of claim 10 wherein the wireless communication transceiver operates as an 802.11x compliant device. 21. An antenna assembly for mounting outdoors at a fixed location, comprising: a reflector dish an arm; a unit attached at a distal end of the arm, the unit including: a first low-noise block converter (LNB) to receive satellite signals reflected from the reflector dish, the first LNB having a first polarization; a second low-noise block converter (LNB) to receive the satellite signals reflected from the reflector dish, the second LNB having a second polarization; a wireless communication transceiver that operates to transmit and receive digital data at a rate of 2 Mbps or greater to and from user devices located within a signal transmission range of the wireless communication transceiver. 22. The antenna assembly of claim 21 further comprising a support for mounting outdoors at the fixed location, the reflector dish being mounted to the support. 23. The antenna assembly of claim 21 wherein a proximate end of the arm is attached to the reflector dish. 24. The antenna assembly of claim 22 wherein a proximate end of the arm is attached to the support. 25. The antenna assembly of claim 21 wherein the unit further comprises: a housing to enclose the first and second LNBs and the wireless communication transceiver. 26. The antenna assembly of claim 25 further comprising a feed horn protruding from a side of the housing nearest the reflector dish. 27. The antenna assembly of claim 21 wherein the satellite transmissions occupy a first frequency band and the wireless communication transceiver operates in a second frequency band distinct from the first frequency band. 28. The antenna assembly of claim 27 wherein the second frequency band is the 5 GHz band. 29. The antenna assembly of claim 21 wherein the wireless communication transceiver operates as an 802.11x compliant device. 30. The antenna assembly of claim 21 wherein the wireless communication transceiver receives control signals transmitted in a frequency range of about 40 MHz to about 1.2 GHz. 31. An apparatus comprising: a support for mounting outdoors at a fixed location; a reflector dish attached to the support; an arm at least one low-noise block converter (LNB) attached at a distal end of the arm to receive satellite signals reflected from the reflector dish: a unit configured for mounting outdoors, the unit including a wireless communication transceiver coupled to the at least one LNB, the wireless communication transceiver operating to terrestrially distribute network services that includes digital video programs to end users via a wireless network path that includes at least one wireless repeater, at feast one of the end users being located a distance beyond a transmission range of the wireless communication transceiver. 32. The apparatus of claim 31 wherein the network services comprise satellite broadcast services. 33. The apparatus of claim 31 wherein the network services further comprise interactive data services. 34. The apparatus of claim 31 wherein the unit further comprises a housing, the wireless communication transceiver being disposed within the housing. 35. The apparatus of claim 31 wherein the satellite signals occupy a first frequency band and the wireless communication transceiver operates in a second frequency band distinct from the first frequency band. 36. The apparatus of claim 35 wherein the second frequency band is the 5 GHz band. 37. The apparatus of claim 31 wherein the at least one LNB comprises first and second LNBs. 38. The apparatus of claim 31 wherein the wireless communication transceiver operates as an 802.11x compliant device. 39. An apparatus for mounting outdoors at a fixed location comprising: a unit that includes: a reflector dish; an arm; at least one low-noise block converter (LNB) attached at a distal end of the arm to receive satellite signals reflected from the reflector dish; a wireless communication transceiver that operates as an 802.11x compliant repeater to distribute digital data contained within the satellite signals to users located in a surrounding range; and a solar cell panel coupled to provide power to the wireless communication transceiver. 40. The apparatus of claim 39 wherein the satellite signals include network services which comprise interactive data services. 41. The apparatus of claim 39 further comprising a housing, the at least one LNB and the wireless communication transceiver being disposed within the housing. 42. The apparatus of claim 39 wherein the satellite signals occupy a first frequency band and the wireless communication transceiver operates in a second frequency band distinct from the first frequency band. 43. The apparatus of claim 42 wherein the second frequency band is the 5 GHz band. 44. The apparatus of claim 39 further comprising a support, the reflector dish and solar cell panel being mounted to the support. 45. The apparatus of claim 39 wherein the wireless communication transceiver operates according to IEEE 802.11a specification. 46. An apparatus comprising: an antenna unit that includes: a reflector dish; a low-noise block converter (LNB) to receive satellite transmission signals reflected from the reflector dish; a wireless transceiver mounted with the at least one LNB, the wireless transceiver operating as an 802.11x compliant device; and a solar cell panel coupled to provide power to the wireless communication transceiver, the wireless transceiver being operable to distribute digital data contained within the satellite signals to end users located in a signal transmission range of the wireless communication transceiver. 47. The apparatus of claim 46 wherein the satellite signals occupy a first frequency band and the wireless transceiver operates in a second frequency band distinct from the first frequency band. 48. The apparatus of claim 46 wherein the wireless transceiver is operable to distribute the satellite signals satellite signals via a terrestrial wireless network path that includes at least one wireless repeater, at least one of the end users being located a distance beyond a transmission range of the wireless transceiver. 