A heat pump liquid heater for heating a liquid comprising: a heat pump; a liquid tank in heat communication with the heat pump, wherein the liquid tank comprises the liquid; and at least one metal condenser tube immersed into the liquid, wherein the metal condenser tube forms at least one coil. The metal condenser tube has a flattened double-tube configuration and a cross-section defined by concentric ovals such that at least a portion of the concentric ovals is in contact with one another thereby minimizing space between the flattened double-tubes. The heat pump comprises a tube-in-tube heat exchanger and a compressor, wherein the tube-in-tube heat exchanger recovers heat from refrigerant returning from the liquid tank and transfers the recovered heat to refrigerant going to the compressor thereby superheating the refrigerant.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A heat pump liquid heater for heating a liquid comprising: a heat pump; a liquid tank in heat communication with the heat pump, wherein the liquid tank comprises the liquid; and at least one metal condenser tube immersed into the liquid, wherein the metal condenser tube comprises a refrigerant and is connected to the heat pump, and wherein the metal condenser tube is immersed into the liquid via an adaptor assembly, wherein the adaptor assembly comprises: a metal nipple fixedly attached to an opening in a liquid tank; a metal union fixedly attached onto the metal nipple; and a metal tube fixedly attached to the metal union, wherein the metal receives the at least one condenser tube and a thermostat bulb. 2. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 1, wherein the adaptor assembly is fixedly attached to the liquid rank forming a substantially air tight and water tight connection between the heat pump and the liquid tank. 3. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 1, wherein the metal condenser tube is a single continuous coiled tube. 4. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 1, wherein the metal condenser tube has a flattened double-tube configuration and a cross-section defined by concentric ovals such that at least a portion of the concentric ovals is in contact with one another thereby minimizing space between the flattened double-tubes. 5. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 1, wherein the adaptor assembly is retrofitted onto a preexisting liquid tank and/or an air conditioning unit thereby forming a substantially air tight and water tight connection between the heat pump and the preexisting liquid tank and/or air conditioning unit. 6. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 1, wherein the heat pump comprises a tube-in-tube heat exchanger and a compressor, wherein the tube-in-tube heat exchanger recovers heat from refrigerant returning from the liquid tank and transfers the recovered heat to refrigerant going to the compressor thereby superheating the refrigerant. 7. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 1, wherein the compressor is powered by a solar energy source and/or a traditional electric source. 8. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 7, wherein the solar energy source is derived from a solar photovoltaic panel. 9. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 8, wherein the power collected by the solar photovoltaic panel is DC electricity which is stored in at least one rechargeable battery via a charge controller and the stored DC electricity is supplied on demand from the at least one battery to the heat pump liquid heater. 10. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 8, wherein the power collected by the solar photovoltaic panel is DC electricity which is stored in at least one rechargeable battery via a charge controller, the DC electricity is converted into AC electricity via an inverter, and the AC electricity is supplied on demand to the heat pump liquid heater. 11. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 1, wherein the heat pump further comprises a thermostat with a knob, wherein the knob is adjusted by a user to obtain a predetermined temperature of the liquid. 12. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 1, wherein the metal condenser tube is a single continuous coiled tube. 13. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 12, wherein the metal condenser tube has a length of from about 1 ft to about 250 ft. 14. The beat pump liquid heater of claim 13, wherein the metal condenser tube has a length of from about 10 ft to about 100 ft. 15. The heat pump liquid beater of claim 12, wherein the metal condenser tube has a diameter of from about 0.01 inches to about 0.50 inches. 16. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 15, wherein the metal condenser tube has a diameter of about 3/16 inches. 17. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 12, wherein the metal condenser tube has a thickness of about 0.035 inches. 18. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 12, wherein the metal condenser tube is made of copper. 19. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 12, wherein the metal condenser tube is flexible. 20. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 12, wherein the metal condenser tube has a length and diameter to heat the liquid to a predetermined temperature in a predetermined time period. 21. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 12, wherein the metal condenser tube has a surface area to heat the liquid to a predetermined temperature in a predetermined time period. 22. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 12, wherein the metal condenser tube has a whisk configuration with multiple smaller diameter condenser tubes emerging from the metal condenser tube, wherein the smaller diameter condenser tubes form coils. 23. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 1, wherein the refrigerant is selected from the group consisting of carbon dioxide, hydrofluorocarbons, and hydrochlorofluorocarbons. 24. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 1, wherein liquid is water. 