A propulsion system for watercraft for personal enjoyment that incorporates human power with electric motor assistance, energy storage and optional solar power to achieve increased watercraft speeds and/or reduced pedaling effort. Control electronics enable operator-adjustable electric motor assistance to the propulsion, thereby providing flexible pedal cadences and efforts and enjoyment for a wide variety of operators. An optional photovoltaic solar panel augments the power generation to extend travel time with motor assistance, and recharges the energy storage system. This invention enables a pleasure watercraft that is simultaneously lightweight, low cost, low maintenance, environmentally friendly with zero pollution, ultra-low noise, and thrilling to operate, while simultaneously providing a means of enjoyable exercise for operators of nearly all abilities.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electric motor assisted marine propulsion system for a watercraft, comprising: a manually-driven power input mechanism configured to accept human effort; a propulsion mechanism comprising at least one propeller mounted on a propeller shaft for providing a propulsive thrust in water; a mechanical drive train extending between the manually-driven power input mechanism and the propeller shaft, the mechanical drive train configured to transmit the human effort to the propeller shaft to rotate the propeller; at least one electric motor mechanically coupled to the propeller shaft, wherein the electric motor is arranged to provide assisting power to the propeller shaft to drive the propeller; an energy storage device configured to supply electrical power to the electric motor; a control mechanism configured to control electrical power supplied to the electric motor as a function of the human effort, wherein a ratio of assisting power supplied by the electric motor and the human effort is variably and selectively adjustable by an operator; and a housing enclosing the mechanical drive train, the electric motor and at least a substantial portion of the propeller shaft. 2. The propulsion system of claim 1 further comprising an operator interface enabling the operator to adjust the level of the assisting power supplied by the electric motor. 3. The propulsion system of claim 2 wherein the operator interface is mounted on or is integral with the housing of the propulsion system. 4. The propulsion system of claim 1 wherein the control mechanism comprises of an electronics unit mounted within the housing of the propulsion system. 5. The propulsion system of claim 4 wherein the electronics unit is configured to provide good thermal conduction from power switching devices to the surrounding water. 6. The propulsion system of claim 1 wherein the energy storage device is mounted within the housing of the propulsion system. 7. The propulsion system of claim 1 wherein the assisting power from the electric motor can be modulated to simulate travel through hills and valleys. 8. The propulsion system of claim 1 wherein the electric motor is controlled as a function of propeller speed. 9. The propulsion system of claim 1 wherein the electric motor is controlled as a function of a torque sensor signal. 10. The propulsion system of claim 1 wherein the electric motor is integrally mounted with the propeller shaft. 11. The propulsion system of claim 1 further comprising an operator interface enabling the operator to monitor performance parameters and operating information. 12. The propulsion system of claim 1 wherein the manually-driven power input mechanism comprises rotatable pedals. 13. The propulsion system of claim 12 wherein a reverse rotation of the pedals causes the propulsion mechanism to generate reversed thrust. 14. The propulsion system of claim 1 wherein the assisting power from the electric motor is modulated to simulate inertial effects. 15. A watercraft comprising the propulsion system of claim 1. 16. The watercraft of claim 15 further comprising a photovoltaic system for powering the electric motor. 