Various embodiments of the present invention provide an inexpensive and easy to use apparatus and method that permits a user to attach an apparatus to existing picture frames or other objects with various advantages. Such embodiments will keep a picture, object or frame in a substantially continuously level position or otherwise aligned position. Thus, using the disclosed apparatus, a user can ensure that any picture, frame or other hanging and relatively flat object will generally remain in a pleasantly horizontal or other desired aspect, without need for ongoing user inspection or manual adjustment.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A leveling apparatus, comprising: an enclosure; a tilt switch operably connected to the enclosure; a battery in electrical communication with the tilt switch; a direct current (DC) motor in electrical communication with the battery; and a wheel attached to the motor via a gear. 2. A leveling apparatus as defined in claim 1, capable of automatically adjusting a frame through the use of a pressure wheel placed vertically or horizontally against any fixed object and controlled thereby. 3. A leveling apparatus as defined in claim 1, further comprising a glide button that maintains a frame equidistant from a wall or other mounting surface. 4. A leveling apparatus as defined in claim 3, further comprising a glide pin. 5. A leveling apparatus as defined in claim 1, further comprising a glide wheel mounting bracket. 6. A leveling apparatus as defined in claim 1, further comprised of a photovoltaic cell or array attached to the leveling apparatus' enclosure. 7. A leveling apparatus as defined in claim 1, further comprised of a photovoltaic cell or array providing sufficient excess wiring to affix the photovoltaic cell or array to a point distant from the leveling apparatus enclosure, including the top or side of a frame or to an adjacent wall or other fixture or object. 8. A leveling apparatus as defined in claim 1, further comprised of photovoltaic cell or array and a charging regulator, which extends the useful life of the battery in the leveling apparatus and, furthermore, prevents overcharging the battery. 9. A leveling apparatus as defined in claim 1, further comprised of a buzzer or beeper to alert the user that the leveling apparatus is in operation. 10. A leveling apparatus as defined in claim 1, with an integral tilt switch capable of user manual adjustable threshold and sensitivity settings. 11. A leveling apparatus as defined in claim 1, with an integral tilt switch capable of user software adjustable threshold and sensitivity settings. 