A debris removal apparatus for use in a gutter having a mounting plate with a hole defined therein, attached to the top of a gutter, a power source situated near the top of the mounting plate, a shaft, having a first end and a second end, and wherein the shaft is attached to the power source at the first end. The shaft extends through the hole defined in the mounting plate. Also provided is a hub attached to a second end of the shaft having a plurality of spokes or blades extending therefrom, whereby the spokes or blades are adapted to remove debris from the gutter to prevent clogging and flooding. Further provided is a method of using the debris removal apparatus to maintain a debris-less gutter on a structure.
Claims I claim: 1. A debris removal apparatus for use in a gutter comprising: a mounting plate attached to said gutter, having a hole defined therein; a power source attached to a top of said mounting plate; a shaft having a first end and a second end, wherein said shaft is attached to said power source at said first end, and wherein said shaft extends through said hole defined in said mounting plate; a hub attached to said second end of said shaft, said hub having a plurality of spokes extending therefrom; and an activation device capable of activating and deactivating the power source, wherein the activation device is selected from the group consisting of: a rain sensor and a water director which in conjunction activate said power source during rain storms and a rain catcher having a liquid retaining plate, a hinge and an activation button to activate said power source during rain storms; whereby said apparatus is mounted on said gutter and is configured such that the hub is located directly over a downspout opening and wherein said apparatus removes debris from said gutter to prevent clogging and flooding. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said shaft is threaded. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein at least one locking nut is situated on said shaft below said mounting plate to provide support to said debris removal apparatus. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said spokes are of varying length and extend outwardly and downwardly from said hub. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a bracket and a bar, each with holes defined therein for accepting pins, for attaching said mounting plate to said gutter. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a cover situated over said debris removal apparatus to protect from weathering. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a power cord to provide electricity to said power source. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a solar panel to provide solar power to said power source. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a debris deflector, situated in a downspout, having deflection means to prevent clogging in said downspout. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of blades extending therefrom in additional to said plurality of spokes. 11. A debris removal apparatus for use in a gutter comprising: a power source; a shaft, having a first end and a second end, wherein said shaft is attached to said power source at said first end; a hub attached to said second end of said shaft, said hub having a plurality of varying length spokes and blades extending therefrom, said debris removal apparatus mounted on said gutter so that the hub is located directly over a downspout opening; and an activation device capable of activating and deactivating the power source, wherein the activation device is selected from the group consisting of: a rain sensor and a water director which in conjunction activate said power source during rain storms and a rain catcher having a liquid retaining plate, a hinge and an activation button to activate said power source during rain storms: whereby said apparatus removes debris from said gutter to prevent clogging and flooding. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein said shaft is threaded. 13. The apparatus of claim 11, further comprising a mounting plate attached to said gutter, wherein said mounting plate has a hole defined therein to accept said shaft. 14. The apparatus of claim 11, further comprising a bracket and a bar for attaching said mounting plate to said gutter. 15. The apparatus of claim 11, further comprising a power cord to provide electricity to said power source. 16. The apparatus of claim 11, further comprising a solar panel to provide solar power to said power source. 17. A method of debris removal in a gutter comprising the steps of: mounting a debris removal apparatus in a gutter near a downspout opening so that a hub is located directly over the downspout opening; using a power source to rotate a shaft and in turn said hub and a plurality of spokes wherein the power source is activated by an activation device selected from the group consisting of: a rain sensor and a water director which in conjunction activate said power source during rain storms and a rain catcher having a liquid retaining plate, a hinge and an activation button to activate said power source during rain storms; and, chopping debris in said gutter using said spokes to provide debris-less gutters on a structure and prevent clogging. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein said mounting is accomplished through the use of a bar, a bracket, pins and attachment nuts. 19. The method of claim 17, further comprising the step of preventing debris from clogging a downspout or sewer by situating a debris deflector in said downspout. 