The invention relates to a mobile container power plant. The aim of the invention is to allow for the first time the production of a mobile power plant of this size, which produces an electric current without the emission of pollutants. To achieve this, said plant consists of a container (1), in which a drive assembly (4), a generator (3), a drive shaft with transmission gearing (5), a ventilation and deaeration system (9) and a control system (7) comprising GPS-GSM technology are installed. The mobile power plant can supply an electric current of up to 10 MW. Said electric current is environmentally friendly, as the fuel that is used consists of methanol and water or ethanol and water and produces no pollutants. Said mobile container can be installed anywhere and is autonomous as it contains a tank (10) with a capacity of up to 45,000 liters.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A mobile operating plant which permits generating electricity without the emission of pollutant, the mobile operating plant comprising: a container having sheet panels which are filled with an insulating material against heat and noise, and a frame being fitted at the bottom in each case at the corners with buffers in order to absorb any vibrations; a drive unit located in the container, the drive unit being a combustion engine of conventional construction; an electricity generator driven by the drive unit by means of a drive shaft by way of a transmission; a fuel tank for supplying fuel to the drive unit; a control system being adapted to control the drive unit runs at an optimal rate of rotation and when required switches the drive unit on or off so that the generator delivers power requirements as demanded which in turn are optimized by means of a tariff regulator; and an exhaust gas heat exchanger installed in an exhaust pipe is adapted to utilize exhaust heat generated by the drive unit for producing hot water or by way of novel photovoltaic's to provide refrigeration. 2. The mobile operating plant according to claim 1, wherein the drive unit is operated with conventional fuels selected from the group consisting of diesel, and gasoline, and wherein the fuel tank is located outside the operating plant. 3. The mobile operating plant according to claim 1, wherein the control system further comprising GPS-GSM monitoring systems which have the object to control and maintain the plant and provide repairs, when required by remote control, and wherein the tariff regulator controls the electricity supply factor and which communicates with the plant as a whole. 4. The mobile operating plant according to claim 1, wherein the container is a plurality of containers forming a unit which due to the control system including an installed GPS-GSM communication system and the tariff regulator provides a ring circuit and which provides mutual communication. 5. The mobile operating plant according to claim 1, wherein the container further comprising exterior walls made of a material selected from the group consisting of metal, light metal, steel, steel sheeting, and aluminum panels, and that inside thereof insulation is provided. 6. The mobile operating plant according to claim 1, wherein the frame and exterior walls of the said container are made of plastics or synthetic resin, and wherein the buffer is selected from the group consisting of rubber buffers, leaf springs, and annular springs. 7. The mobile operating plant according to claim 1, wherein the electricity supply is provided by an underground cable or conventional overland line. 8. The mobile operating plant according to claim 1, wherein the fuel tank is made of a material selected from the group consisting of metal, chromium steel, stainless steel, glass, plastics, polyester, and ceramics. 9. The mobile operating plant according to claim 1, wherein the electricity generator is at least two electricity generators in order to increase the power supply capacity. 10. The mobile operating plant according to claim 1, wherein the drive unit is operated with conventional fuels selected from the group consisting of water methanol, and water ethanol, and wherein the fuel tank is located in the container. 11. The mobile operating plant according to claim 10, wherein the fuel supplied by the fuel tank is selected from the group consisting of water methanol, and water ethanol, and wherein the fuel tank is located in the container. 12. The mobile operating plant according to claim 10, wherein the fuel supplied by the fuel tank is selected from the group consisting of diesel, and gasoline, and wherein the fuel tank is outside the container. 13. The mobile operating plant according to claim 10, wherein the buffer is a rubber buffer. 14. The mobile operating plant according to claim 10, wherein the buffer is a spring selected from the group consisting of a leaf spring, and an annular spring. 15. The mobile operating plant according to claim 10, wherein the container further comprising an air filter. 16. The mobile operating plant according to claim 10, wherein the fuel tank further comprising a fuel pump for supplying fuel to the drive unit, the fuel pump being controlled by the control system. 17. The mobile operating plant according to claim 10, wherein the container further comprising an aerating and de-aerating installation. 18. A mobile power plant comprising: a container having sheet panels filled with an insulating material, exterior walls, and a frame structure including a bottom plate featuring corners; at least one buffer attachable to at least each of the corners of the bottom plate of the frame, each buffer being adapted to absorb vibrations; at least one drive unit located in the container, the drive unit being a combustion engine; at least one electricity generator driven by the drive unit by means of a drive shaft by way of a transmission; at least one fuel tank for supplying fuel to the drive unit; a control system having a GPS-GSM communication system, the control system being adapted to control the drive unit to run at an optimal rate of rotation and when required switches the drive unit on or off so that the generator delivers predetermined power requirements; a tariff regulator for optimizing and controlling the electricity supply of said electricity generator; an exhaust gas heat exchanger installed in an exhaust pipe of the drive unit is adapted to utilize exhaust heat generated by the drive unit to produce hot water or by way of novel photovoltaic's to provide refrigeration; a door located in at least one of the exterior walls of the container; and a hydraulic device for lifting at least one of the exterior walls of the container. 