A compact photovoltaic generation assembly exhibiting improved photovoltaic efficiency and an extended operating life as compared to conventional photovoltaic systems is described. The assembly can also include a power supply for use at times when light energy is not readily available.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly comprising: at least one photovoltaic element, each said photovoltaic element having a first planar surface, a second planar surface, and an edge surface coextensive with both said first planar surface and said second planar surface; a light-impervious housing for preventing direct exposure of said photovoltaic element to a source of light energy; at least a first light energy collector and a second light energy collector, said first and second light energy collectors being integral with said light-impervious housing; and at least a first fiber optic element and a second fiber optic element, said first fiber optic element being integral with said first light energy collector and said second fiber optic element being integral with said second light energy collector; wherein said first light energy collector is configured to focus light incident thereon onto said first fiber optic element and said second light energy collector is configured to focus light incident thereon onto said second fiber optic element wherein said first fiber optic element is configured to direct cold light energy to only said first planar surface of said photovoltaic element and said second fiber optic element is configured to direct cold light energy to only said second planar surface of said photovoltaic element, whereby contacting said cold light energy with said photovoltaic element generates electrical energy. 2. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 1 wherein said light energy is solar energy. 3. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 1 wherein said first and second light energy collectors are lenses. 4. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 1 wherein said first and second fiber optic elements are fiber optic bundles. 5. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 4 wherein said fiber optic bundles comprise a plurality of optical fibers. 6. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 5 wherein said optical fibers comprise glass. 7. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 1 further comprising at least one member insertable into said light-impervious housing wherein said at least one member has an internal reflective surface for reflecting said cold light energy to said at least one photovoltaic element. 8. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 7 wherein said internal reflective surface is a mirror. 9. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 7 wherein said at least one member is hemispherically shaped. 10. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 8 wherein said at least one member is hemispherically shaped. 11. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 1 further comprising at least one photovoltaic disk integral with said light-impervious housing wherein said disk comprises a plurality of optical fibers and said at least one photovoltaic element. 12. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 7 further comprising at least one photovoltaic disk integral with said light-impervious housing wherein said disk comprises a plurality of optical fibers and said at least one photovoltaic element. 13. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 1 further comprising at least one fiber optic fresnel lens disk integral with said first or second fiber optic element wherein said disk comprises a fresnel lens coupled with a member comprising a plurality of fiber optic elements distributed throughout a surface and a housing for said disk. 14. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 7 further comprising at least one fiber optic fresnel lens disk integral with said first or second fiber optic element wherein said disk comprises a fresnel lens coupled with a member comprising a plurality of fiber optic elements distributed throughout a surface and a housing for said disk. 15. A photovoltaic (PV) power supply comprising: at least one photovoltaic element, said photovoltaic element having a first planar surface, a second planar surface, and an edge surface coextensive with both said first planar surface and said second planar surface; a plurality of rechargeable batteries in electrical communication with said at least one photovoltaic element; a light-impervious housing for preventing direct exposure of said photovoltaic element to a source of light energy; at least a first light energy collector and a second light energy collector, said first and second light energy collectors being integral with said light-impervious housing; and at least a first fiber optic element and a second fiber optic element, said first fiber optic element being integral with said first light energy collector and said second fiber optic element being integral with said second light energy collector; wherein said first light energy collector is configured to focus light incident thereon onto said first fiber optic element and said second light energy collector is configured to focus light incident thereon onto said second fiber optic element wherein said first fiber optic element is configured to direct cold light energy to only said first planar surface of said photovoltaic element and said second fiber optic element is configured to direct cold light energy to only said second planar surface of said photovoltaic element, whereby contacting said cold light energy with said photovoltaic element generates electrical energy. 16. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 15 further comprising a housing for said plurality of rechargeable batteries. 17. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 15 further comprising a voltage inverter in electrical communication with said plurality of rechargeable batteries. 18. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 15 wherein said first and second light energy collector are lens. 19. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 15 wherein said first and second fiber optic elements are fiber optic bundles. 20. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 19 wherein said fiber optic bundles comprise a plurality of optical fibers. 21. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 20 wherein said optical fibers comprise glass. 22. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 15 further comprising at least one member insertable into said light-impervious housing wherein said at least one member has an internal reflective surface for reflecting said cold light energy to said at least one photovoltaic element. 23. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 22 wherein said internal reflective surface is a mirror. 24. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 22 wherein said at least one member is hemispherically shaped. 25. The photovoltaic (PV) power supply as in claim 23 wherein said at least one member is hemisphericaily shaped. 26. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 15 further comprising at least one photovoltaic disk integral with said light-impervious housing wherein said disk comprises a plurality of optical fibers and said at least one photovoltaic element. 27. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 22 further comprising at least one photovoltaic disk integral with said light-impervious housing wherein said disk comprises a plurality of optical fibers and said at least one photovoltaic element. 28. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 15 further comprising at least one fiber optic-fresnel lens disk integral with said first or second fiber optic element wherein said disk comprises a fresnel lens coupled with a member having a plurality of fiber optic elements distributed throughout a surface and a housing for said disk. 29. The photovoltaic (PV) generation assembly as in claim 22 further comprising at least one fiber opticfresnel lens disk integral with said first or second fiber optic element wherein said disk comprises a fresnel lens coupled with a member having a plurality of fiber optic elements distributed throughout a surface and a housing for said disk. 