A system for illuminating a motor vehicle wheel assembly of a motor vehicle is provided, the system including a mount configured to be fixed to the wheel assembly, a plurality of lights fixed to the mount, a control circuit coupled to the plurality of lights to regulate a flow of electricity to the plurality of lights; and a power source coupled to the control circuit to provide said control circuit with electrical power for the lights, wherein the power source includes an electrical energy generating element as well as an electrical energy storing element.
Claims I claim: 1. A system for illuminating a motor vehicle wheel assembly of a motor vehicle is provided, wherein the wheel assembly includes a wheel and a tire, the system comprising: a mount configured to be fixed to the wheel assembly; a plurality of lights fixed to the mount and directed toward the wheel for reflection therefrom, wherein the mount further comprises a housing having a plurality of adjustable light mounts, and further wherein the plurality of lights are coupled to the housing via the plurality of adjustable light mounts; a control module coupled to the plurality of lights to regulate a flow of electricity to the plurality of lights; a power source coupled to the control circuit to provide said control circuit with electrical power for the lights, wherein the power source includes an electrical energy generating element and an electrical energy storing element; a lower section fixed to the wheel assembly to rotate with the wheel assembly; an upper section enclosing the control module and the power source; and a bearing disposed between the lower section and the upper section to permit relative rotation between the lower section and the upper section. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the control module is configured to automatically turn on the plurality of lights. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the control module is configured to store light patterns. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the control module is configured to change light patterns automatically. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the control module is responsive to remote control signals indicative of a pattern of light illumination. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the control module is configured to change the colors of the plurality of lights. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the control module is configured to turn the plurality of lights on and off. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the control module is configured to change a rate at which the plurality of lights is turned on and off. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the control module is configured to change an intensity of the plurality of lights. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the control module is configured to energize the plurality of lights when the wheel assembly is stationary. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein the control module is configured to change an intensity of the plurality of lights in synchrony with an audio source. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the electrical energy generating element is a generator. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the generator is coupled to the motor vehicle wheel assembly to rotate and generate electricity when the motor vehicle is driven. 14. The system of claim 12, wherein the generator is coupled to the motor vehicle wheel assembly to not rotate and not generate electricity when the motor vehicle is stopped. 15. The system of claim 1, wherein the electrical energy storing element includes a rechargeable battery. 16. The system of claim 1, wherein each light of the plurality of lights has a color different from another light of the plurality of lights. 17. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the plurality of light mounts is a swivel mount. 18. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the plurality of light mounts is a flexible gooseneck mount. 19. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the plurality of light mounts is a tube. 20. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the plurality of light mounts is an extension tube. 21. The system of claim 1, wherein the housing encloses the power source. 22. The system of claim 1, wherein the upper section further comprises: a unit base; and a cover; wherein the unit base and the cover are coupled together to define an internal cavity configured to receive and support the control module and the power source. 23. The system of claim 22, wherein the plurality of lights are coupled to holes formed in the unit base. 24. The system of claim 1, wherein the electrical energy generating element further comprises a generator, and further wherein said generator is coupled to said lower section to be driven thereby. 25. The system of claim 24, wherein the generator is coupled to and charges the electrical energy storing element. 26. The system of claim 1, wherein the electrical energy generating element comprises a solar cell. 27. A system for illuminating a wheel comprising: a first section attachable to the wheel; a second section spaced from the first section, wherein the first section rotates with respect to the second section; the second section comprising a plurality of lights directed toward an outer surface of the wheel for reflection toward an observer; and a power source attachable to the wheel, wherein the power source includes a generator and a battery, the generator supplies charge to the battery and the battery powers the plurality of lights. 28. The system of claim 27, wherein the plurality of lights is configured to emit light both when the wheel is not rotating and when the wheel is rotating. 29. The system of claim 27, the first section further comprising a mounting plate having a plurality of holes that are configured to engage lug nuts securing the wheel to the motor vehicle. 30. The system of claim 29, the second section further comprising an enclosure, wherein the plurality of lights, a control module, and the power source are supported within the enclosure. 31. The system of claim 27, wherein the wheel further comprises a hubcap, the first section further comprising a mounting plate configured to be fixed to the hubcap. 32. The system of claim 27, wherein the second section does not rotate. 33. The system of claim 27, wherein the second section further comprises a control module for controlling the functions of the plurality of lights. 34. The system of claim 33, wherein the control module comprises a transmitter and a receiver and provides remote control of the operation of the plurality of lights. 35. The system of claim 33, wherein the control module is configured to change an intensity of the plurality of lights in response to an audio signal. 36. The system of claim 34, wherein the control comprises emitting light in a plurality of light patterns and changing the light patterns. 37. The system of claim 34, wherein the control module and plurality of lights are configured to emit at least one pattern of light, and further wherein said control module is configured to change said at least one pattern of light in response to remote control signals. 38. The system of claim 34, wherein the control module is configured to change a rate at which the plurality of lights turn on and off in response to remote control signals. 39. A system for illuminating a wheel comprising: a first section attachable to the wheel; a second section coupled to the first section, the second section comprising a plurality of lights directed toward the wheel for reflection therefrom, wherein the plurality of lights are coupled to the second section via a plurality of adjustable light mounts; and a power source configured to be supported on the wheel to provide electrical power to the plurality of lights; wherein the first section is adapted to rotate relative to the second section. 40. The system of claim 39, wherein the second section is adapted to remain stationary. 41. The system of claim 39, wherein the first section comprises a base, a shaft and a shaft gear fixed to the shaft; the power source comprising a generator having a generator gear that engages the shaft gear. 42. The system of claim 41, the power source further comprising an energy storing element adapted to be charged by the generator. 43. The system of claim 42, wherein the plurality of lights is powered by the electrical storing element. 