An environmental data collection system and method is provided having an internet link for providing an additional level of security for a remotely controlled data collection platform having a security alarm for protecting the platform and the environmental subject of the study. A novel lighter-than-air platform having a novel snorkel for detachably securing, mooring and providing buoyancy control is provided for the collection of data in the form of real time audio and video linked to the internet and subscribers. The novel snorkel is flexible and retractable into the novel airship to provide remote buoyancy control of the airship together with silently operating electrical motors for allowing the novel airship to be remotely controlled and moved at will to track and monitor wildlife and make environmental measurements necessary for the protection of the environment, wildlife and the operation of the novel airship. Detachable securing means provide an anti-tethering feature of the novel airship and allow the collection of data from both, an aerial perspective and a ground perspective, while providing for the collection of data from either the surface of the earth or below the surface of the water while transmitting the data to scientists, environmentalists and subscribers through the internet.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An environmental monitoring system comprising: (a) a daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform having a data acquisition means, a remote controlled flight system and a telecommunications device for transmitting data from said data acquisition means; (b) an electrical power system for powering said daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform, said electrical power system having a solar cell panel to acquire electrical power and batteries or fuel cells to provide electrical power and means to provide electrical power data to said data acquisition means; (c) a weather data acquisition device disposed on said lighter-than-air platform providing weather data including wind conditions and barometric pressure to said data acquisition means at a particular low level location where said daytime and nighttime lighter-than-air platform is deployed in the lower atmosphere; (d) a telecommunications station disposed at a location remote from said daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform communicating with said telecommunications device and transmitting data received from said data acquisition means; (e) a computer at a remote location from said lighter-than-air platform for processing data received from said telecommunications station; and (f) a remote control station disposed at a location remote from said daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform to operate said remote controlled flight system in said lighter-than-air platform in response to said weather data and available electrical power data wherein said remote controlled flight system is not operated by an autonomous or a semi autonomous means. 2. The environmental monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising a remote controlled detachable securing means on said lighter-than-air platform controlled from said remote control station without autonomous or semi autonomous means. 3. The environmental monitoring system of claim 2 further comprising a ground proximity system providing daytime and nighttime distance information between the surface of the earth and said lighter-than-air platform. 4. The environmental monitoring system of claim 3 wherein said remote controlled detachable securing means is a break away anchor constructed of a bioerodable plastic material and remotely controlled by said remote control station. 5. The environmental monitoring system of claim 3 wherein said data acquisition means includes a camera. 6. The environmental monitoring system of claim 3 wherein said ground proximity system is an altimeter. 7. The environmental monitoring system of claim 6 wherein said altimeter includes means disposed in said remote control station for adjusting said altimeter on said lighter-than-air platform to accommodate changes in barometric pressure. 8. The environmental monitoring system of claim 7 wherein said means disposed in said remote control station for adjusting said altimeter is adjusted in response to data received from said weather data acquisition device. 9. The environmental monitoring system of claim 3 wherein said ground proximity system is a radar altimeter. 10. The environmental monitoring system of claim 2 wherein said remote controlled detachable securing means is a snorkel. 11. The environmental monitoring system of claim 10 further comprising a second remote controlled detachable securing means in the form of a breakaway anchor means remotely controlled by said remote control station. 12. The environmental monitoring system of claim 11 further comprising a ballast ballonet and a remotely controlled means for disposing and reacquiring releasable ballast material remotely controlled by said remote control station. 13. The environmental monitoring system of claim 12 wherein said means for reacquiring said releasable ballast material is said snorkel and a water pump on said lighter-than-air platform. 14. The environmental monitoring system of claim 2 further comprising an electric motor propulsion means. 15. The environmental monitoring system of claim 14 wherein said electrical power system is solar cells on said lighter-than-air platform to provide energy to said electric motor. 16. The environmental monitoring system of claim 1 wherein said data acquisition means includes a video camera. 17. The environmental monitoring system of claim 16 wherein said data acquisition means further includes an infrared sensor. 18. The environmental monitoring system of claim 16 wherein said second data acquisition means includes an audio data device. 19. The environmental monitoring system of claim 1 wherein said remote control station is linked to said lighter-than-air platform through a ground-based platform. 20. The environmental monitoring system of claim 1 wherein said remote control station is linked to said lighter-than-air platform through a high-altitude platform. 21. The environmental monitoring system of claim 1 wherein said remote control station is linked to said lighter-than-air platform through a satellite. 22. The environmental monitoring system of claim 1 wherein said data acquisition means is connected to the internet and wherein the operation of the data acquisition means is in Part controlled by a subscriber. 23. The environmental monitoring system of claim 22 further comprising a master telecommunications station for communicating with said data acquisition means. 24. The environmental monitoring system of claim 23 wherein said master telecommunications station is connected to the internet. 25. The environmental monitoring system of claim 23 wherein said master telecommunications station includes a telecommunications link to said lighter-than-air platform. 26. The environmental monitoring system of claim 23 wherein said master telecommunications station includes a telecommunications link through a satellite to said lighter-than-air platform. 27. The environmental monitoring system of claim 23 wherein said master telecommunications station and said remote control station are located in the same facility. 28. The environmental monitoring system of claim 23 wherein said master telecommunications station and said control station are located in different facilities. 29. A device for monitoring the environment comprising: (a) a 24 hour a day, seven days a week continuous monitoring electrically powered lighter-than-air aircraft having a solar cell panel and batteries or a fuel cell to operate said electrically powered lighter-than-air aircraft and provide power for said continuous monitoring; (b) an unmanned remotely controlled detachable anchor means on said lighter-than-air aircraft to temporarily attach said lighter-than-air aircraft to the surface of land or water to assist in said continuous monitoring and conserve electrical power required for said continuous monitoring and avoid loss of said electrical powered lighter-than-air aircraft; (c) a data acquisition means disposed on said Lighter-than-air aircraft providing real time data on environmental conditions including weather data in the vicinity of said lighter-than-air aircraft and available electrical power data needed to operate said electrically powered lighter-than-air aircraft; (d) an altimeter providing 24 hour a day, seven days a week continuous real time distance information between the ground and said lighter-than-air aircraft; and (e) a remote control station disposed at a location remote from said lighter-than-air aircraft to operate said lighter-than-air aircraft without an autonomous or a semi autonomous means in response to said weather data and said available electrical power data received from said data acquisition means on said lighter-than-air aircraft. 30. The device of claim 29 wherein said real time data on environmental conditions includes wind conditions and barometric pressure. 31. The device of claim 29 wherein said remotely controlled detachable anchor means is a remotely controlled snorkel controlled by said remote control station. 32. The device of claim 31 further comprising a water ballast ballonet connected to said remotely controlled snorkel. 33. The device of claim 29 wherein said remotely controlled detachable anchor means is a remotely controlled anchor controlled by said remote control station. 34. The device of claim 31 further comprising a second remotely controlled detachable means in the form of a breakaway bioerodable plastic anchor. 35. The device of claim 29 wherein said data acquisition means includes a camera and a multi-spectral infrared video camera remotely controlled by said remote control station. 36. The device of claim 35 wherein said multi-spectral infrared video camera is fitted with telephoto and wide angle lenses. 37. The device of claim 34 further comprising a master control station for controlling said camera and said multi-spectral infrared video camera. 38. The device of claim 37 wherein said master control station and said remote control station are located in separate locations. 39. The device of claim 38 wherein said master control station includes an internet telecommunications link. 40. The device of claim 29 wherein said lighter-than-air aircraft includes GPS equipment. 41. The device of claim 29 further comprising a security system. 42. The device of claim 41 wherein said security system includes a first warning system for preventing damage to said lighter-than-air aircraft and a second warning system for preventing damage to the ecosystem observed and said second warning system is connected to the internet. 43. The device of claim 29 wherein said real time data on environmental conditions includes temperature data. 44. Apparatus for monitoring an environment comprising: (a) a remote controlled lighter-than-air airship having a remotely controlled detachable securement means capable of securing said remote controlled lighter-than-air airship to water and land and a flight data acquisition means collecting flight data and video and environmental data acquisition means for collecting data and a telecommunications device for transmitting said flight data and environmental data as continuous streams of data to a remote location; (b) a daytime and nighttime ground proximity system providing distance data between the ground and said remote controlled lighter-than-air platform, said ground proximity system communicating with said telecommunications device to transmit said distance data as said continuous streams of data to said remote location; (c) propulsion means propelling said remote controlled detachably secured lighter-than-air platform; (d) a remote control station disposed at a location remote from said lighter-than-air platform to operate said remotely controlled detachable securement means and said lighter-than-air platform without an autonomous or semi autonomous means; (e) a first computer disposed in said remote control station in communication with said telecommunications device providing flight data to said remote control station to remotely operate said detachably secured lighter-than-air platform; and (f) a second computer connected through the internet to said first computer said second computer receiving said environmental data and a portion of said flight data. 45. The apparatus for monitoring of claim 44 wherein said second computer controls a portion of the data collected by said environmental data acquisition means. 46. The apparatus for monitoring of claim 44 wherein said propulsion means is an electrical propulsion means. 47. The apparatus for monitoring of claim 46 further comprising a solar cell panel for supplying electrical power. 48. The apparatus for monitoring of claim 44 further comprising an infrared camera. 49. The apparatus for monitoring of claim 48 wherein said infrared camera is an infrared video camera. 50. The apparatus for monitoring of claim 44 further comprising a multi-spectral video camera. 51. The apparatus for monitoring of claim 50 wherein said multi-spectral video camera is remotely controlled by said second computer. 52. The apparatus for monitoring of claim 51 wherein said multi-spectral video camera is fitted with telephoto and wide angle lenses. 53. The apparatus for monitoring of claim 44 wherein said flight data acquisition means includes means for acquiring data in the form of temperature, barometric pressure, wind conditions and on site weather observations in the lower atmosphere. 54. The apparatus for monitoring of claim 53 further comprising a remotely controlled buoyancy maintenance control system. 55. The apparatus for monitoring of claim 44 further comprising a security system. 56. The apparatus for monitoring of claim 44 wherein said daytime and nighttime ground proximity system is a radar altimeter. 57. The apparatus for monitoring of claim 44 wherein said remotely controlled detachable securement means is a bioerodable plastic anchor. 58. The apparatus for monitoring of claim 57 wherein an electric pulse is sent down an anchor cable to separate said anchor cable from said bioerodable plastic anchor. 59. The apparatus for environmental monitoring of claim 44 further comprising a remotely controlled buoyancy control system. 60. The apparatus for environmental monitoring of claim 59 wherein said first computer in said remote control station determines how much water should be transferred to a water ballonet based on data obtained from said flight data acquisition means. 61. An environmental monitoring device comprising: (a) a remote controlled lighter-than-air aircraft configured for daytime and nighttime operation 24 hours a day seven days a week continuous monitoring and having a remotely controlled detachable securement means capable of securing said remote controlled lighter-than-air airship to water or land; (b) a daytime and nighttime real time ground proximity device disposed on said remotely controlled lighter-than-air aircraft providing real time ground proximity data 24 hours a day seven days a week; (c) a data acquisition means disposed on said Lighter-than-air aircraft having means for collecting flight data and environmental data and a telecommunications device for transmitting said flight data and environmental data; (d) a remote control station disposed at a location remote from said lighter-than-air aircraft operating said lighter-than-air aircraft without an autonomous or a semi autonomous means; (e) a first computer disposed at said remote control station processing said flight data and said environmental data into data used by said remote control station to operate said lighter-than-air aircraft and data required to monitor an environment; and (f) a second computer connected through the internet to said first computer said second computer receiving said environmental data and a portion of said flight data. 62. The environmental monitoring device of claim 61 further comprising a remote controlled ballast ballonet for adding and disposing of ballast. 63. The environmental monitoring device of claim 61 further comprising a weather data acquisition device for collecting remote weather data for said first computer to calculate projected daily buoyancy requirements. 64. The environmental monitoring device of claim 61 wherein said daytime and nighttime real time ground proximity device is a radar altimeter. 65. The environmental monitoring device of claim 61 further comprising an infrared video camera for collecting environmental data and flight data. 66. The environmental monitoring device of claim 65 further comprising a multi-spectral video camera for collecting environmental data. 67. The environmental monitoring device of claim 61 further comprising GPS equipment. 68. The environmental monitoring device of claim 61 wherein said remotely controlled detachable securing means is controlled by said remote control station. 69. The environmental monitoring device of claim 68 wherein said remotely controlled detachable securing means is a break away anchor. 70. The environmental monitoring device of claim 61 further comprising an altimeter on said lighter-than-air aircraft. 71. The environmental monitoring device of claim 70 wherein said altimeter includes means for remotely adjusting said altimeter to accommodate changes in barometric pressure. 72. The environmental monitoring device of claim 71 wherein said means for remotely adjusting said altimeter is remotely controlled from said remote control station. 73. An apparatus for environmental monitoring comprising: (a) a daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform having a data acquisition means, a remote controlled flight system and a telecommunications device for transmitting data from said data acquisition means; (b) a weather data acquisition device disposed on said daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform providing weather data including wind conditions and barometric pressure to said telecommunications device; (c) an altimeter disposed on said daytime and nighttime lighter-than-air platform providing 24 hour a day, seven days a week continuous real time distance information between the ground and said daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform to said telecommunications device; (d) a remotely controlled detachable securement means to temporarily attach said lighter-than-air platform to the surface of the earth to conserve power or to prevent loss of said daytime and nighttime lighter-than-air platform wherein said remotely controlled detachable securement means is not operated by an autonomous or semi autonomous means; (e) a telecommunications station disposed at a location remote from said daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform communicating with said telecommunications device and receiving data received from said data acquisition means and weather data from said weather data acquisition device including said real time distance information from said altimeter; (f) a computer at a remote location from said daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform, said computer processing data received from said telecommunications device; and (g) a remote control station disposed at a location remote from said daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform to operate said remote controlled flight system in response to said weather data and said real time distance information from said altimeter wherein said remote controlled flight system is not operated by an autonomous or a semi autonomous means. 74. The apparatus of claim 73 further comprising a second computer disposed at a location remote from said computer, said second computer receiving real time data from said data acquisition means and a portion of said weather data from said weather data acquisition device. 75. An apparatus for monitoring the environment comprising: (a) a 24 hour a day, seven days a week continuous monitoring lighter-than-air aircraft; (b) an unmanned remotely controlled detachable anchor means on said lighter-than-air aircraft to temporarily attach said lighter-than-air aircraft to the surface of land and water from a remote control station; (c) a data acquisition means disposed on said lighter-than-air aircraft providing real time data on environmental conditions in the vicinity of said lighter-than-air aircraft; (d) a radar altimeter providing 24 hour a day, seven days a week continuous real time distance information between the ground and said lighter-than-air aircraft; (e) a telecommunications device for transmitting and receiving said real time data on environmental conditions and said real time distance information between the ground and said lighter-than-air aircraft; (f) a remote control station disposed at a location remote from said lighter-than-air aircraft to operate said lighter-than-air aircraft without autonomous or a semi autonomous means in response to data received from said data acquisition means on said lighter-than-air aircraft; (g) a first computer disposed in said remote control station in communications with said telecommunications device to provide flight data to said remote control station to operate said lighter-than-air aircraft without autonomous or semi-autonomous means; and (h) a second computer connected through the internet to said first computer receiving said real time data on environmental conditions and a portion of said flight data. 76. The apparatus of claim 75 further comprising a weather data acquisition device disposed on said lighter-than-air aircraft providing weather data including wind conditions and barometric pressure to said remote control station. 77. An apparatus for environmental monitoring comprising: (a) a daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform having a data acquisition means, a remote controlled flight system and a telecommunications device for transmitting data from said data acquisition means; (b) a weather data acquisition device disposed on said daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform providing weather data including wind conditions and barometric pressure to said telecommunications device; (c) means for preventing loss and conserving energy on said lighter-than-air platform, said means for preventing loss and conserving energy providing energy data to said data acquisition device; (d) a telecommunications station disposed at a location remote from said daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform communicating with said telecommunications device and transmitting data received from said data acquisition means; (e) a first computer at a remote location from said lighter-than-air platform processing data received from said telecommunications station; (f) a remote control station disposed at a location remote from said daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform to operate said remote controlled flight system in said lighter-than-air platform in response to said weather data and data on available energy wherein said remote controlled flight system is not operated by an autonomous or a semi autonomous means; and (g) a second computer connected through the internet to said first computer said second computer receiving data from said data acquisition means and a portion of said weather data. 78. The apparatus of claim 77 further comprising an altimeter disposed on said daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform providing 24 hour a day, seven days a week continuous real time distance information between the ground and said daytime and nighttime operating platform to said remote control station. 79. Apparatus for environmental monitoring comprising: (a) an electrically powered daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform having a data acquisition means, a remote controlled flight system and a telecommunications device for transmitting data from said data acquisition means; (b) an electrical power system including solar cells for acquiring electrical power and a battery or a fuel cell for providing electrical power, said electrical power system providing electrical power data to said data acquisition means (c) a weather data acquisition device disposed on said electrically powered daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform providing weather data including wind conditions and barometric pressure to said telecommunications device; (d) an altimeter disposed on said electrically powered daytime and nighttime lighter-than-air platform providing 24 hour a day, seven days a week continuous real time distance information between the ground and said electrically powered daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform to said telecommunications device; (e) a telecommunications station disposed at a location remote from said electrically powered daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform communicating with said telecommunications device and receiving data received from said data acquisition means and weather data from said weather data acquisition device including said real time distance information from said altimeter; (f) a computer disposed at a remote location from said electrically powered daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform processing data received from said telecommunications device; (g) a remote control station disposed at a location remote from said electrically powered daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform to provide data to operate said remote controlled flight system in response to said weather data, said real time distance information from said altimeter and said electrical power data wherein said remote controlled flight system is not operated by an autonomous or semi autonomous means; and (h) an unmanned remotely controlled detachable securement means on said electrically powered daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform capable of securing said electrically powered daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform to land or water to conserve power required for operation or avoid loss of said electrically powered daytime and nighttime operating lighter-than-air platform. 