An outdoor design panel that combines a number of plats and fluorescent pigments to create a displayed design, with an option to incorporate numerous lighting elements within the design itself. The design panel is pre-fabricated and can optionally be highlighted with a number of lighting elements incorporated into the panel. The lighting elements are powered by a battery linked to a solar cell, with a lighting sensor being utilized in between the battery and the lighting elements to control the flow of power to the lighting elements. The lighting sensor acts as a switch and will allow power to flow in between the battery and the lighting elements once the external light level falls below a certain level.
Claims What I claim as my invention is: 1. An outdoor design panel comprising: a plurality of fixed nonmovable slats, each slat having two ends comprising a top end and a bottom end; a plurality of markings placed on the slats of the plurality of slats; means for vertically mounting the plurality of slats comprising: a ground surface; and a pair of support posts comprising a first support post and a second support post, wherein each of the support posts is driven into the ground surface; wherein the slats of the plurality of slats are directly attached to one another along the lengths thereof into a panel; and further wherein the panel is attached to the support posts; wherein the panel further comprises a design, the design being created from the markings when the slats are attached to one another; and wherein the markings are fabricated from at least one black-light activated fluorescent pigment wherein the panel further comprises a plurality of ultraviolet light elements, the light elements being incorporated into the slats of the plurality of slats, and power means for providing power to the plurality of light elements. 2. The outdoor design panel according to claim 1 wherein the power means for providing power to the plurality of light elements further comprises: (a) a battery, (b) a solar cell attached to the battery, and (c) a switch attached to the battery, the switch also being attached to the plurality of light elements. 3. The outdoor design panel according to claim 2 wherein the battery is rechargeable. 4. The outdoor design panel according to claim 3 wherein the switch attached to the battery further comprises a light sensor, wherein the light sensor detects the amount of external light, wherein the light sensor has two positions comprising an "on" position and an "off" position, wherein the light sensor will switch from the "off" position to the "on" position once the level of external light falls below a certain level, wherein the light sensor acts as a closed circuit when the light sensor is in the "on" position, and further wherein the light sensor acts as an open circuit when the light sensor is in the "off" position. 5. The outdoor design panel according to claim 4 wherein the light sensor is adjustable. 