Our system improves the efficiency and functionality of a grid-interactive or grid-tied power system that utilizes one or more local power sources and one or more local energy storage devices. The purpose is the coordination, optimization and efficient control, regulation, and transfer of electrical energy among several energy storage devices, power generators, the utility grid, and connected local electrical loads. The coordinated control and utilization of local storage and generation combined with coordinated integration with the utility grid results in an overall system that can be more flexible, economical, and efficient than any of the individual components can be, when operated separately. It uses dynamic adjustment, feedback, and other control modules/methods.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A system for coordination, optimization, balancing, regulation, and transfer of electrical energy among plural energy storage devices, power generators, utility grid, and connected electrical loads, said system comprising: one or more power generators; one or more energy storage devices; one or more interactive utility power devices; wherein said one or more power generators, said one or more interactive utility power devices, and said one or more energy storage devices are connected together through a utility grid; multiple electrical loads; a controller; a single-phase interface; a three-phase interface; and a dynamic phase assignor; wherein real and reactive power are supplied to said utility grid; wherein said dynamic phase assignor connects or disconnects said one or more energy storage devices into said single-phase interface or into said three-phase interface; and wherein said controller monitors the overall system power flow, and determines the optimal configuration for said system, on a dynamic basis, by updating parameters and reviewing conditions and environment, on a regular basis, randomly, or based on a triggering event, using a feedback loop for load balancing and distribution. 2. A system as recited in claim 1, wherein said system comprises a DC to AC inverter. 3. A system as recited in claim 1, wherein said system comprises a bidirectional DC to AC power converter. 4. A system as recited in claim 1, wherein said system interfaces with a removable energy storage module. 5. A system as recited in claim 1, wherein said system interfaces with a hybrid electric vehicle. 6. A system as recited in claim 1, wherein said system interfaces with a backup power source. 7. A system as recited in claim 1, wherein said system interfaces with an interactive load. 8. A system as recited in claim 1, wherein said system interfaces with a hybrid power source. 9. A system as recited in claim 1, wherein said system interfaces with a fuzzy logic module. 10. A system as recited in claim 1, wherein said system interfaces with a neural network module. 11. A system as recited in claim 1, wherein said system interfaces with a central controller. 12. A system as recited in claim 1, wherein said system interfaces with a distributed controller. 13. A system as recited in claim 1, wherein said system interfaces with a mobile power supply. 14. A system as recited in claim 1, wherein said system interfaces with a mechanical power storage. 15. A system as recited in claim 1, wherein said system interfaces with a chemical power storage. 16. A system as recited in claim 1, wherein said system interfaces with a multiplexer switch. 17. A system as recited in claim 1, wherein said system interfaces with a solar photovoltaic power system. 18. A system as recited in claim 1, wherein said system interfaces with a wind turbine power source. 19. A system as recited in claim 1, wherein said system interfaces with distributed power sources. 20. A system as recited in claim 1, wherein said system interfaces with a power regulator. 