A hybrid wind turbine assembly and method capable of providing a total firm power output. There is a wind power section which delivers non-firm power from the wind turbine to a generator section. Then there is also an auxiliary power section which is capable of providing firm power to the same generator section. This can operate in three operating modes, namely an only wind power mode, an only auxiliary power mode, and a combined wind power and auxiliary power mode.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A wind turbine assembly capable of providing a total firm power output, said assembly comprising; a) a combined wind turbine support structure having an upper portion and comprising a tower and a power generating support structure that is rotatably mounted to the tower at the upper portion of the combined wind turbine support structure; b) a generator section positioned in or at the power generating support structure; c) a wind power section mounted to the power generating support structure and comprising at least a rotary mounted blade section to provide a non-firm wind power output; d) an auxiliary power section which is to provide an auxiliary firm power output for said generator section, where the generator section and the auxiliary power section are housed within the upper portion of the combined wind turbine support structure; e) said assembly being provided with power and/or other energy transfer connections to accomplish rotary power, transfer and/or other energy transfer between one or more of said generator section, wind power section, and said auxiliary power section; f) said wind turbine assembly and being arranged to be able to provide firm power at a desired power level to the generator section by operating in at least three different modes of operation, namely; i. an only wind power mode for a situation where there is sufficient wind velocity so that the blade section alone is able to generate sufficient non-firm power, and the auxiliary power section can remain dormant; ii. an only auxiliary power mode where the wind velocity is sufficiently low so that it is not able to drive the blade section, or at least so slowly as to be little value, and the auxiliary power section can be activated to deliver sufficient firm power to the generator section to maintain the power output that is needed; and iii. a combined wind power/auxiliary power mode where the velocity of the wind is such that the rotation of the blade section is able to provide only enough power to meet only partially the level of power needed, and the auxiliary power section is operated at a level to deliver to the generator section sufficient power to meet the level of power needed. 2. The assembly as recited in claim 1, wherein there is a primary drive section comprising said wind power section and a power transfer section to transmit rotary power from the wind power section to the generator section. 3. The assembly as recited in claim 1, wherein said primary drive section comprises a speed changing drive section to increase the rotational speed transmitted to the generator section. 4. The assembly as recited in claim 2, wherein said generator section comprises a generator having first and second generator drive input connections, with the first generator drive input connection having a first operative connection to the primary drive section and the second generator drive input connection has a second operative connection to the auxiliary power section. 5. The assembly as recited in claim 4, wherein there is a first overrunning drive connection between said primary power section and the generator drive input section and there is a second overrunning drive connection which is located between the generator section and the auxiliary drive section whereby said generator is able to be driven from the auxiliary power section without being in a drive mode with said primary drive section, and the generator could be driven by the auxiliary power section while not being in a drive mode with the primary drive section. 6. The assembly as recited in claim 1, wherein said auxiliary power section comprises a torque converter to provide a variable speed power input to said generator section. 7. The assembly as recited in claim 2, wherein said primary drive connection also receives a power input from at least one power source from said auxiliary power section to transmit power from said at least one auxiliary power source to said generator section. 8. The assembly as recited in claim 2, wherein said auxiliary power section comprises one or more of an internal combustion engine, an external combustion engine, a steam turbine, a steam engine, a hybrid drive, a gasoline engine, a diesel engine, a natural gas engine, a gas turbine engine, a sterling engine, a gas expander, a hydraulic motor, and an electric motor, and a power source for the auxiliary power section could be one or more of hydraulic energy, gasoline, diesel fuel, jet fuel, heavy oil, natural gas, propane, hydrogen, ethanol, coal, wood, and any other energy source suitable for the auxiliary power section. 9. The assembly as recited in claim 1, wherein said auxiliary power section comprises a fuel burning engine having an engine exhaust and a liquid engine coolant which are directed to heat recovery sections to extract waste energy and convert the waste energy to useful power. 10. The assembly as recited in claim 9, wherein the heat recovery from the exhaust and the engine coolant is accomplished in rankine cycle sections with cooled exhaust being discharged and the coolant being returned to the engine. 11. The assembly as recited as claim 1, further comprising a steam generating section located in or adjacent to said tower and a steam turbine comprising at least in part the auxiliary power section, with the steam directed to the steam turbine to provide a rotating power output to said generator section. 12. The assembly as recited in claim 1, comprising a solar absorbent section, a pump and conduit section being arranged to direct a liquid medium through the solar absorbent section to heat the liquid medium to provide a gaseous medium portion, and a liquid medium portion, and direct the liquid medium portion back to the solar absorber to absorb further solar heat and continue to provide the liquid form of the liquid and gaseous form of the liquid medium, said assembly further comprising a gaseous liquid turbine to function as at least a part of a non-firm auxiliary power section, whereby there are three sources of power to drive the generator, namely; i. wind; ii. solar generated power; and iii. a portion of the auxiliary drive section which would be fueled by a firm source of energy. 13. The assembly as recited in claim 12, wherein said liquid medium passing through the solar absorbent section comprises water. 14. The assembly as recited in claim 1, wherein said power generating support structure has a vertical axis of rotation, a front to rear front support structure portion located between the vertical axis of rotation and the location of the blade section of the assembly and a rear support structure portion which is positioned between the vertical axis of rotation and an end portion of the support structure that is located, with respect to the axis of rotation, at a location diametrically opposite from the forward end section, said assembly comprising a substructure which is located beneath the rear support structure portion so as to be vertically aligned with said rear support structure portion and connected to said support structure so as to remain positioned below the rear support structure portion as the support structure rotates to various orientations so that the blade section is facing the wind, said substructure having a containing region where various equipment can be stored. 15. The assembly as recited in claim 14, wherein said substructure has sidewall portions relative to a front to rear alignment axis, with said sidewalls having a sidewall location which is no wider than a width location of the tower so as to remain shielded from the air stream flowing rearwardly and around the tower. 16. The assembly as recited in claim 14, wherein said substructure has a vertical dimension of the containing region which is at least as great as about twenty percent of a horizontal length dimension of a containing working region of the substructure. 17. The assembly as recited in claim 14, wherein said substructure is supported at least in part by a support structure which is mounted to the tower so as to be able to rotate around the tower with the power generating support structure. 18. A method of providing and operating a wind turbine assembly to provide a firm power output, said assembly comprising; a) providing a combined wind turbine support structure comprising a tower and a power generating support structure that is rotatably mounted to the tower about a substantially vertical axis at an upper portion of the combined wind turbine support structure; b) positioning a generator section within the power generating support structure so the generator rotates therewith the power generating support structure about the substantially vertical axis; c) mounting a wind power section with a blade section to the power generating support structure and positioning these in a wind location to provide a non-firm wind power output to the generator section; d) operating an auxiliary power section to provide an auxiliary firm power output for said generator section and having the auxiliary power section attached to the upper portion of the combined wind turbine support structure; e) continuing to operate said wind turbine assembly in selected modes to provide firm power at a desired power level to the generator in at least three different modes of operation, namely; i. an only wind power mode for a situation where there is sufficient wind velocity so that the blade section alone is able to generate sufficient non-firm power, and the auxiliary power section can remain dormant; ii. an only auxiliary power mode where the wind velocity is sufficiently low so that it is not able to drive the blade section, or at least so slowly as to be little value, and the auxiliary power section can be activated to deliver sufficient firm power to the generator section to maintain the power output that is needed; and iii. a combined wind power/auxiliary power mode where the velocity of the wind is such that the rotation of the blade section is able to provide only enough power to meet only partially the level of power needed, and the auxiliary power section is operated at a level to deliver to the generator section sufficient power to meet the level of power needed. 19. The method as recited in claim 18, further comprising providing a solar absorbent section and directing a liquid mediums through the solar absorbent section to heat the liquid medium to provide a liquid medium portion and a gaseous liquid medium portion and directing the gaseous medium to drive a power turbine to provide power to the generator, and to also provide a firm power source to said generator section so that there are three sources of power to drive the generator, namely; i. wind; ii. solar generated power; and iii. a portion of the auxiliary drive section which would be fueled by a firm source of energy. 20. The method as recited in clam 18, further comprising providing a steam generating section and directing steam to an auxiliary power section to drive a steam turbine to provide power for the generator. 21. The assembly as recited in claim 1, comprising a solar absorbent section and a pump and conduit section being arranged to direct a liquid medium through the solar absorbent section to heat a liquid medium to provide a liquid source of thermal energy for heat transfer to an organic rankine cycle energy conversion system where the liquid medium is recycled back to the solar absorber to absorb further heat, said assembly designed to function as at least a part of a non-firm auxiliary power section, whereby there are three sources of power to drive the generator, namely; i. wind; ii. solar generated power; and iii. a portion of the auxiliary drive section which would be fueled by a firm source of energy. 22. The assembly as recited in claim 21, wherein said liquid medium passing through the solar absorbent section comprises water or a synthetic or oil based heat transfer fluid. 23. The method as recited in claim 20, further comprising a solar absorbent section and a pump and conduit section directing a liquid medium through the solar absorbent section to heat a liquid medium to provide a source of thermal energy for heat transfer to an organic rankine cycle energy conversion system where the liquid medium is recycled back to the solar absorber to absorb further heat to drive a power turbine to provide power to the generator, and to also provide a firm power source to said generator section so that there are three sources of power to drive the generator, namely; i. wind; ii. solar generated power; and iii. a portion of the auxiliary drive section which would be fueled by a firm source of energy. 24. The method as recited in claim 23, further comprising an organic rankine cycle boiler section and directing vaporized process fluid to an auxiliary power section to drive a gaseous turbine to provide power for the generator. 