An easily deployable miniature, LED light unit specifically for home security yard signs that is rechargeable by means of a solar cell array having a light sensor which automatically activates the light at dusk and deactivates it at dawn. The solar light unit is contained in a unique compact molded housing that positions the components and also includes an integral clamp-mount specifically for slide-on mounting to the stakes of typical home security signs.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar light unit, comprising: housing comprising a concave open-faced top panel having a top surface and a mating bottom panel having a bottom surface attached to the top panel, said top panel and said bottom panel joined at their peripheral edges by sidewalls so as to form a weatherproof enclosure, said housing having an aperture there though from said top surface to said bottom surface for receiving a stake inserted there through, and an internally threaded lateral bore intersecting said aperture from one of said sidewalls, and a thumb screw in threaded engagement with said lateral bore and rotatably advanceable so as to invade said aperture to form a clamp against said stake; a rechargeable electrical power source seated in said housing; a manual switch mounted on said housing; a reflecting assembly mounted on said top surface of said top panel of said housing and comprising an LED seated in a mirrored reflecting surface and covered by a transparent lens supported at an angle relative to said top surface so as to direct light toward a centerline running through the aperture; a solar cell mounted on said top surface of said top panel of said housing; an internal circuit board containing a solar charging circuit, light sensor circuit, and LED driver circuit to apply power to the LED only at night when there is no ambient light, and to remove power from the LED and charge said power source during the day. 2. The solar light unit according to claim 1, wherein said aperture is characterized by a reinforcing collar extending from said top surface of said top panel to said bottom surface of said bottom panel. 3. The solar light unit according to claim 1, wherein said manual switch mounted on said housing is a push-detent switch. 4. The solar light unit according to claim 1, wherein said reflecting assembly comprises a white LED. 5. The solar light unit according to claim 1, further comprising a ground stake of a conventional yard security sign, said ground stake passing through said aperture and terminating at a placard at its upper end. 6. A solar light unit for mounting on the ground stake of a conventional yard security sign below a placard thereof, and for illuminating the placard of said security sign at night, comprising: an enclosed housing having a top surface and a bottom surface and an aperture there through for passing the stake of said yard security sign, said aperture extending from said top surface to said bottom surface; a thumb screw inserted into said housing substantially perpendicular to the primary axis of said aperture and invading said aperture to form a clamp against said stake; a rechargeable battery seated in said housing; a manual switch mounted on said housing; a reflecting assembly mounted in said top surface of said housing and comprising an LED seated in a mirrored reflecting surface and covered by a transparent lens supported at an angle to direct light toward the placard of said security sign; a solar cell mounted on said top surface of said housing for charging said battery; an internal circuit board for applying power from said battery to the LED only at night when there is no ambient light, and to remove power from the LED and charge said power source during the day. 7. The solar light unit according to claim 6, wherein said enclosed housing is weatherproof. 8. The solar light unit according to claim 7, wherein said enclosed housing further comprises two mating sections including a concave open-faced top section and a mating bottom panel attached to the top section. 9. The solar light unit according to claim 8, wherein said open-faced top section is formed with risers about said aperture for reinforcement. 10. The solar light unit according to claim 6, wherein said manual switch mounted on said housing is a push-detent switch. 11. The solar light unit according to claim 6, wherein said reflecting assembly comprises a white LED. 12. The solar light unit according to claim 6, wherein the transparent lens of said reflecting assembly is mounted at an angle relative to said housing to direct light from said LED toward a centerline running through said aperture. 13. The solar light unit according to claim 12, wherein when the solar light unit is mounted on the ground stake of the conventional yard security sign the angled reflecting assembly directs light from said LED inward to shine directly on a placard of said yard security sign. 