Systems and methods provide a redundant electrical power supply solution, where an AC power source is called upon when a photovoltaic subsystem is unavailable to meet the power consumption needs of telecommunications site equipment. In one aspect, a system for supplying electrical power includes a DC bus with which telecommunications site equipment is coupled, as well as a photovoltaic subsystem and a second power delivery circuit. The photovoltaic subsystem includes a solar photovoltaic array, a disconnect for controlling electrical connection between the solar photovoltaic array and the DC bus, as well as a DC/DC voltage converter. The second power delivery circuit includes a rectifier for converting incoming AC voltage from an AC power source to output DC voltage delivered at the DC bus upon sensing a condition where the photovoltaic subsystem delivers insufficient DC voltage to the DC bus.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for supplying electrical power to equipment at a telecommunications site, comprising: a DC bus that interconnects the telecommunications site equipment with a first power delivery circuit and a second power deliver circuit; a photovoltaic subsystem serving as the first power delivery circuit for selectively delivering DC voltage to the DC bus, the photovoltaic subsystem including: (a) a solar photovoltaic array; (b) a disconnect for controlling electrical connection between the solar photovoltaic array and the DC bus; and (c) a DC/DC voltage converter for converting the output DC voltage of the solar photovoltaic array to another DC voltage delivered at the DC bus; and the second power delivery circuit for selectively delivering DC voltage to the DC bus, the second power delivery circuit including a rectifier that is configured to perform operations comprising: (a) sensing a low-voltage condition where the photovoltaic subsystem delivers insufficient DC voltage to the DC bus; and (b) incident to sensing the low-voltage condition, enabling an AC power source to supply DC voltage to the DC bus by converting incoming AC voltage from the AC power source to output the DC voltage delivered at the DC bus, wherein the DC voltage supplied by the AC power source is combined with the DC voltage from the photovoltaic subsystem to meet consumption demands of the telecommunications site equipment. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising an energy storage device coupled with the DC bus, the energy storage device operative to deliver DC voltage to the DC bus during a time period when the photovoltaic subsystem and the AC power source fail to supply sufficient DC voltage to the DC bus to meet the demands of the telecommunications site equipment. 3. The system of claim 1, further comprising a third circuit coupling the telecommunications site equipment with the DC bus, the third circuit including an inverter for converting incoming DC voltage from the DC bus to output AC voltage delivered to the telecommunications site equipment. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic subsystem includes a surge suppression component for inhibiting the travel of voltage surges from the solar photovoltaic array to the DC bus. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the surge suppression component is disposed between the solar photovoltaic array and the disconnect. 6. A system for supplying electrical power to equipment at a telecommunications site, comprising: a DC bus with which the telecommunications site equipment is coupled; a first power delivery circuit including: (a) a solar photovoltaic array; (b) a disconnect for controlling an electrical connection between the solar photovoltaic array and the DC bus; and (c) a DC/DC voltage converter for converting the output DC voltage of the solar photovoltaic array to another DC voltage delivered at the DC bus; and a second power delivery circuit including a rectifier that is configured to perform operations comprising: (a) sensing a low-voltage condition where the first power delivery system delivers insufficient DC voltage to the DC bus; and (b) incident to sensing the low-voltage condition, enabling an AC power source to supply DC voltage to the DC bus by converting incoming AC voltage from the AC power source to output the DC voltage delivered at the DC bus, wherein the DC voltage supplied by the AC power source is combined with the DC voltage from the first power delivery system to meet consumption demands of the telecommunications site equipment. 7. The system of claim 6, further comprising an energy storage device coupled with the DC bus, the energy storage device operative to deliver DC voltage to the DC bus during a time period when the first power delivery circuit and the second power delivery circuit fail to supply sufficient DC voltage to the DC bus to meet the demands of the telecommunications site equipment. 8. The system of claim 6, further comprising a third circuit coupling the telecommunications site equipment with the DC bus, the third circuit including an inverter for converting incoming DC voltage from the DC bus to output AC voltage delivered to the telecommunications site equipment, wherein the telecommunications equipment is located in a building, and wherein a thin film of the solar photovoltaic array is mounted to a roof of the building. 9. The system of claim 6, wherein the a first power delivery circuit includes a surge suppression component for inhibiting the travel of voltage surges from the solar photovoltaic array to the DC bus. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the surge suppression component is disposed between the solar photovoltaic array and the disconnect. 11. A method for supplying electrical power to equipment at a telecommunications site, the equipment being coupled with a DC bus, the method comprising: providing a first power delivery circuit connected with the DC bus, including a solar photovoltaic array, a disconnect and a DC/DC voltage converter for converting the output DC voltage of the solar photovoltaic array to another DC voltage delivered at the DC bus; providing a second power delivery circuit connected with the DC bus, including a rectifier for converting incoming AC voltage from an AC power source to output DC voltage delivered at the DC bus; generating DC voltage via the solar photovoltaic array; delivering, by the first power delivery circuit, the DC voltage from the solar photovoltaic array to the DC bus; and sensing, by the rectifier in the second power delivery circuit, that the solar photovoltaic array accommodated in the first power delivery circuit is exhibiting a low-voltage condition, wherein the low-voltage condition occurs when the output DC voltage of the solar photovoltaic array is insufficient to meet consumption demands of the telecommunications site equipment; delivering, by the second power delivery circuit, DC voltage to the DC bus upon sensing the low-voltage condition, wherein the DC voltage delivered by the second power delivery circuit, when combined with the DC voltage from the first power delivery system, is at a value equal the consumption demands of the telecommunications site equipment. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising: providing an energy storage device coupled with the DC bus; and delivering, by the energy storage device, DC voltage to the DC bus during a time period when the first power delivery circuit and the second power delivery circuit fail to deliver sufficient DC voltage to the DC. 13. The method of claim 11, further comprising: sensing a condition where the first power delivery circuit is capable of delivering sufficient DC voltage to the DC bus after previously sensing the low-voltage condition; enabling the delivery, by the first power delivery circuit, of the DC voltage from the solar photovoltaic array to the DC bus; and disabling the delivery, by the second power delivery circuit, of the DC voltage from the rectifier to the DC bus. 