An illuminated gravesite marker assembly including a squat opaque base having disposed on the bottom face an attachment means adaptable to removably mounting on smooth surfaces, electrical circuitry electrically connected to at least one rechargeable battery for powering at least one low voltage light bulb, wherein at least one rechargeable battery is removably disposed within the squat opaque base, a translucent hollow form affixed atop the base and housing at least one low voltage light bulb, and on top, at least one photovoltaic cell being electrically connected to the electrical circuitry. Also disclosed, is a solar illuminated gravesite marker assembly for pet cemeteries attachable to either a ground stake or flat surface.
Claims I claim: 1. An illuminated gravesite marker assembly comprising: a) a squat opaque base having substantially parallel flat top and bottom faces; b) electrical circuitry electrically connected to at least one rechargeable battery for powering at least one low voltage light bulb, wherein said at least one rechargeable battery is removably disposed within said squat opaque base; c) a preselected translucent hollow form made of a predetermined material housing said at least one low voltage light bulb; d) at least one photovoltaic cell mounted on an upper outer portion of said translucent hollow form, said at least one photovoltaic cell being electrically connected to said electrical circuitry; and e) an attachment means on said bottom face of said squat opaque base for mounting said illuminated gravesite marker assembly on one of a ground stake, an upright burial memorial, and a ground-flush burial memorial, wherein said attachment means is at least one horizontally disposed suction cup made of a predetermined flexible material. 2. The apparatus, according to claim 1, wherein said predetermined material is a thermoplastic. 3. The attachment means, according to claim 1, wherein said predetermined flexible material is a plasticized polyvinylchloride polymer. 4. The apparatus, according to claim 1, wherein said preselected form is one of a votive candle, an angel, and an animal. 5. An illuminated gravesite marker assembly for cemeteries comprising: a) a squat opaque base having substantially parallel flat top and bottom faces; b) electrical circuitry electrically connected to at least one rechargeable battery for powering at least one low voltage light bulb, wherein said at least one rechargeable battery is removably disposed within said squat opaque base; c) a translucent hollow figurine made of a predetermined material housing said at least one low voltage light bulb; d) at least one photovoltaic cell mounted on an upper outer portion of said translucent hollow figurine, said at least one photovoltaic cell being electrically connected to said electrical circuitry; e) a first attachment means horizontally disposed on said bottom face of said squat opaque base for mounting said illuminated gravesite marker assembly on one of a ground stake, an upright burial memorial, and a ground-flush burial memorial; f) a reflective coating on said top face of said squat opaque base; and g) a second attachment means for holding said at least one photovoltaic cell on top of said translucent hollow figurine comprising at least one elongated vertical leg, wherein an end of said at least one elongated vertical leg extends from a top of said translucent hollow figurine and connects an off-centered portion proximate to a bottom edge of said photovoltaic cell to create a resemblance of a halo. 6. The attachment means, according to claim 5, wherein said preselected translucent hollow figurine is one of an angel and an animal. 