A measurement system for applications of monitoring and surveying based upon the signals transmitted by a GPS system includes a plurality of measurement stations equipped with at least one GPS receiver, one or more base stations for reception and processing of the measurements made by the plurality of measurement stations, and a network of communication between the stations. The GPS receiver is a receiver that works on a single carrier. The measurement stations are split into triangular sub-networks in which each vertex of a triangle contains a station. The base station is configured for calculating lengths of the baselines that join the measurement stations by means of the double differences, and the base station is configured for executing calculation of the solution in real time.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A measurement system for applications of monitoring and surveying based upon signals transmitted by a GPS system comprising: a plurality of measurement stations each equipped with at least one GPS receiver and a related antenna, wherein said at least one GPS receiver is a receiver that works on a single carrier; one or more base stations for the reception and processing of measurements made by said plurality of measurement stations; and a network of communication between said one or more stations; said one or more base stations configured for performing after installation of said plurality of measurement stations and said one or more base stations an initialization of the network comprising the steps of: gathering GPS data from said plurality of measurement stations; post-processing said gathered data in order to calculate a-priori data of the nominal position of said antennas; generating network geometry data by splitting said measurement stations into triangular sub-networks in which each vertex of a triangle contains a station; entering said a-priori data and said network geometry data into a configuration file; and said one or more base stations being configured for calculating the length of the baselines, which join the measurement stations, by means of the double differences, and for executing in real time a calculation of a solution based upon corrections of the antenna positions as displacements with respect to said a-priori data entered in said configuration file. 2. The system according to claim 1, wherein said measurement stations are equipped with: a micro-controller; a local-network card; and a point-to-point radio connection. 3. The system according to claim 2, wherein that said measurement stations comprise: a supply coming from a main distribution; and a supply with an array of solar cells. 4. The system according to claim 1, wherein the base station is configured to utilize in the calculation of the solution a method of correction of the multiple propagation paths based upon calibration curves with daily periodicity obtained from the same measurement data of the system. 5. The system according to claim 1, further comprising means for updating of the nominal position of said antennas with a linear estimator and an associated time constant of duration longer than that of phenomena under examination. 