One embodiment of the invention includes a PV array and an electrolyzer operatively connected together and each operatively connected to a utility power grid so that electricity produced by the PV array is selectively delivered to the utility power grid and the electrolyzer. The resulting process increases the efficiency of the solar-hydrogen production process, and results in lower-cost renewable hydrogen.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A product comprising: a photovoltaic (PV) array and an electrolyzer operatively connected together and each operatively connected to a utility power grid so that electricity produced by the PV array is selectively delivered to the utility power grid and the electrolyzer; a potentiometer operatively connected to the electrolyzer; a variable DC DC converter operatively connected to the electrolyzer; and a switch operatively connecting the potentiometer and the variable DC DC converter to the PV array, wherein the switch selectively delivers electricity from the PV array to the potentiometer or the DC DC converter. 2. A product as set forth in claim 1, wherein at least a portion of the electricity produced by the PV array is delivered to the utility power grid when at least a portion of the electricity from the PV array is not desired for the electrolyzer. 3. A product as set forth in claim 1, further comprising a controller to control electricity flow so that electricity is selectively delivered from at least one of the PV array or the utility power grid to the electrolyzer. 4. A product as set forth in claim 3, wherein the total electricity flow to the electrolyzer corresponds to an optimum operating current for the electrolyzer that is predetermined to minimize the cost of hydrogen production. 5. A product as set forth in claim 1, further comprising a variable DC AC inverter electrically connected to the PV array and the utility power grid. 6. A product as set forth in claim 1, further comprising an ammeter electrically connected to the electrolyzer. 7. A product as set forth in claim 6, further comprising a variable AC DC converter electrically connected to the utility grid and the ammeter. 8. A product as set forth in claim 6, further comprising the potentiometer electrically connected to the PV array and the ammeter. 9. A product as set forth in claim 6, further comprising the variable DC DC converter electrically connected to the PV array and the ammeter. 10. A product comprising: a photovoltaic (PV) array; a variable DC AC inverter electrically connected to the PV array; a utility power grid electrically connected to the variable DC AC inverter; a variable AC DC converter electrically connected to the utility power grid; a variable DC DC converter and a potentiometer electrically connected to the PV array via an electrical switch, wherein the switch selectively connects the PV array to the DC DC converter or the potentiometer; an ammeter electrically connected to the variable AC DC converter the variable DC DC converter, and the potentiometer; an electrolyzer connected to the ammeter; and a controller constructed and arranged to control electricity flow to the electrolyzer from the PV array and the utility power grid. 