Methods and systems are provided for LED modules that include an LED die integrated in an LED package with a submount that includes an electronic component for controlling the light emitted by the LED die. The electronic component integrated in the submount may include drive hardware, a network interface, memory, a processor, a switch-mode power supply, a power facility, or another type of electronic component.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A light source, comprising: at least one LED die including an LED; a first electronic component, including a control facility; and a package for the LED die, the package including a submount, wherein the submount incorporates at least one second electronic component for controlling the LED, wherein the at least one second electronic component is coupled between the first electronic component and the LED die, and wherein the at least one second electronic component facilitates control of at least one of the intensity and the apparent intensity of the LED die. 2. The light source of claim 1 wherein the LED package includes components selected from the group consisting of an optical facility, a lens, an LED die mounted in a reflector cup, a silicone filling, a wire bond between the LED and the edge of the reflector cup, a submount, a diode in the submount, and a plurality of isolated leads for electrically connecting the LED die to a power source. 3. The light source of claim 1 wherein the LED package includes an LED die and submount mounted in a reflector cup and surrounded by a plastic package. 4. The light source of claim 1 wherein the LED package has a substrate, wherein the substrate is selected from the group consisting of a metal core substrate, a ceramic substrate, a ceramic on metal substrate, an FR4 substrate, a sapphire substrate, an silicon on sapphire substrate, and a silicon carbide substrate. 5. The light source of claim 1 wherein the package includes a reflector. 6. The light source of claim 1 wherein the package includes an electro-static discharge protection diode. 7. The light source of claim 1 wherein the at least one second electronic component includes an application specific integrated circuit. 8. The light source of claim 7 wherein the application specific integrated circuit responds to signals according to a data protocol. 9. The light source of claim 8 wherein the protocol is a serial addressing protocol. 10. The light source of claim 1 further comprising a facility for connecting the light source to a conductive element. 11. The light source of claim 1 wherein the LED die includes a high-power LED die. 12. The light source of claim 11 wherein the LED die includes a 5W or greater LED die. 13. The light source of claim 1 further comprising an optical facility including at least one of a lens, a filter, a diffuser, a reflector, a phosphorescent material, or a luminescent material. 14. The light source of claim 1 further comprising an optical facility including at least one of a Bragg cell, a holographic film, a digital mirror, a spinning mirror, a light pipe, a color mixing system, or a microlens array. 15. A method for providing a light source comprising: including at least one LED in an LED die; packaging the LED die with a submount; incorporating a first electronic component, including a control facility, and at least one second electronic component for controlling the LED in the submount; and coupling the at least one second electronic component between the LED die and the first electronic component for facilitating control of at least one of the intensity and the apparent intensity of the LED die. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein the LED package includes components selected from the group consisting of a an optical facility, a lens, an LED die mounted in a reflector cup, a silicone filling, a wire bond between the LED and the edge of the reflector cup, a submount, a diode in the submount, and a plurality of isolated leads for electrically connecting the LED die to a power source. 17. The method of claim 15 wherein the LED package includes an LED die and submount mounted in a reflector cup and surrounded by a plastic package. 18. The method of claim 15 wherein the package includes a reflector. 19. The method of claim 15 further comprising providing an optical facility having at least one of a lens, a filter, a diffuser, a reflector, a phosphorescent material, or a luminescent material. 20. The method of claim 15 further comprising providing an optical facility having at least one of a Bragg cell, a holographic film, a digital mirror, a spinning mirror, a light pipe, a color mixing system, or a microlens array. 21. The light source of claim 1 wherein the LED package includes a thermal facility for cooling at least one of the LED die and the submount. 22. The light source of claim 21 wherein the thermal facility is selected from the group consisting of a Peltier effect device, a fluid cooling facility, a potting facility, a thermally conductive plate, a gap pad, a micro-machine, a MEMs device, and a fan. 23. The light source of claim 1 further comprising an external electrical component for the package, wherein the external component is selected from the group consisting of a capacitor, a resistor, and an inductor. 24. The light source of claim 23 wherein the external component is a resistor to set a voltage level of the input signal to the LED package. 25. The light source of claim 1 wherein at least one of the submount and the LED is comprised of a heat-tolerant material. 26. The light source of claim 25 wherein the heat-tolerant material is silicon carbide. 27. The light source of claim 1 wherein the LED package includes a material selected from the group consisting of a metal, a ceramic, an epoxy, a plastic, a glass, a polymer, and a compound. 28. The light source of claim 1 wherein the LED package is used as an indicator. 29. The light source of claim 28 wherein the indicator indicates a sensed condition. 30. The light source of claim 29 wherein the condition is at least one of acceleration, pressure, temperature, time, humidity, light, a fault condition, proximity, and a chemical condition. 31. The light source of claim 28 wherein the indicator displays a state of a device. 32. The light source of claim 28 wherein the indicator displays a state of a sensor. 33. The light source of claim 1 wherein the LED package is used as a component for a display. 34. The light source of claim 33 wherein the display includes one or more of a graphics display, a monitor, a video display, and an animation display. 35. The light source of claim 1 wherein the LED package has an input/output facility. 36. The light source of claim 1 further comprising a photovoltaic energy source. 37. The light source of claim 1 wherein the LED package operates on power supplied from a battery. 