A power-generating system is provided for operating adiabatically and reducing emissions of greenhouse gases contributing to global warming. The system may include gas reactors and/or combustors that burn a fuel and an oxygen-containing gas under substantially adiabatic conditions such that high-pressure combustion products and low pressure combustor housing cooling air are combined to produce a medium pressure working fluid. Higher thermal efficiencies reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. Products of combustion can be processed to further reduce emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases from portable and stationary exhaust-producing devices using different fuels. The system may also include solar collectors that pick up a spectrum of solar energy by means of cells containing fluids, aligned to concentrate the solar rays. The collectors may pick up direct and/or diffused solar radiation and can be used to power self-propelled vehicles or function as a roof of a building.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A solar power-generating system comprising: means for forming a primary fluid at a first range of elevated temperature and pressure; means for forming a secondary fluid at a second range of temperature and pressure, less than the first range, at least one of the means for forming the primary and secondary fluids including a solar-powered system configured to form the corresponding fluid; a substantially thermally insulated mixing and expansion device in fluid communication with the means for forming the primary and secondary fluids, the thermally insulated mixing and expansion device being configured to expand at least one of the primary and secondary fluids and form a working fluid therefrom wherein the means for forming the primary fluid comprises: a plurality of reactors having a common first housing; and a combusting device having a second housing, wherein the system further comprises means for supplying a cooling fluid to the first and second housings, the cooling fluid having a fourth range of temperature and pressure less than the second range of temperature and pressure, the cooling fluid being in thermal communication with the reactors and combustor as it travels through the housing for extracting heat produced thereby and raising the temperature and pressure of the cooling fluid to the second range for forming the secondary fluid for delivery to the mixing and expansion device, whereby heat losses from the solar power-generating system are minimized for operating at least substantially adiabatically. 2. The solar power-generating system of claim 1, wherein the solar-powered system includes: a solar ray collector having a plurality of cells configured to follow a position of a solar source to concentrate solar rays into high-energy beams; a solar energy receiver tank; and heat exchange band having at least a first end in thermal communication with the cells for forming the secondary fluid or the primary fluid, the heat exchange band being in thermal communication with the solar energy receiver tank for forming, storing or delivering the secondary fluid or the primary fluid to the mixing and expansion device. 3. The solar power-generating system of claim 1, further comprising: a refractive fluid routing system having a refractive fluid storage device and means for routing a refractive fluid to and from at least some of the plurality of cells; a thermal fluid routing system having a thermal fluid storage device and means for routing the thermal fluid; and a concentrator lens configured to further concentrate solar rays into high-energy beams. 4. The solar power-generating system of claim 1, further comprising: a support structure having an arcuate platform and a weather protection cover configured to support the solar ray collector and allow a movement of the solar ray collector along the arcuate platform. 5. The solar power-generating system of claim 4 wherein the structure includes a building or a transportation apparatus having operating devices for powering the building or the transportation apparatus, the operating devices being in fluid communication with the at least one pressure tank for receiving the gaseous working fluid and producing work to operate the building or transportation apparatus, respectively. 6. The solar power-generating system of claim 5 wherein the transportation apparatus includes a vehicle having a plurality of wheels configured to convert vehicle momentum to compressed air to regenerate energy during a deceleration mode of the vehicle. 7. The solar power-generating system of claim 1, further comprising: a transparent or translucent opening positioned between the solar ray collector and the heat exchange band, the concentrated solar rays passing through the opening toward the heat exchange band. 8. The solar power-generating system of claim 7 wherein the opening is sealed for at least low-pressures. 9. The solar power-generating system of claim 1, further comprising: a motion assembly configured to move the solar ray collector; a sensor in electronic communication with the motion assembly, the sensor being configured to monitor a movement of the solar source and communicate the movement of the solar source to the motion assembly for synchronizing the movement of the solar ray collector with the movement of the solar source. 10. The solar power-generating system of claim 1, further comprising: an umbilical cord in fluid communication with at least one of the receiver tank and the pressure tank for delivering the gaseous working fluid for use with a transportation apparatus. 11. The solar power-generating system of claim 10, further comprising: a lift mechanism for levitating at least a portion of the solar power-generating system at an altitude above sea level. 12. The solar power-generating system of claim 11 wherein the lift mechanism is operable to raise and lower the solar-powered system to a desired altitude. 13. The solar power-generating system of claim 11 wherein the lift mechanism comprises at least one of at least one gas-filled structure comprising a gas lighter than air, at least one pressure-producing nozzle, a hot air backup lift system, and at least one airfoil structure. 14. The solar power-generating system of claim 1, further comprising: an evacuated transparent space positioned between the solar source and the solar ray collector, proximate the solar ray collector, for insulation. 15. The solar power-generating system of claim 1 wherein at least some of the cells are filled with a thermal material configured to form radiant heating and cooling panels. 16. The solar power-generating system of claim 1 wherein the solar ray collector is positioned on an aircraft for gathering solar energy at high altitudes and forming and delivering the primary fluid to a ground-based power generating system. 17. The solar power-generating system of claim 1 wherein the solar ray collector or the receiver tank are respectively positioned for maximum solar gain at an altitude of at least 100 feet above sea level and the system further includes means for transferring the gaseous working fluid to a land-based receiving station. 18. The solar power-generating system of claim 1 wherein at least some of the plurality of cells of the solar ray collector are provided on a roof of a building and are configured to transform between a reflective state to cool the building and a radiant state to heat the building. 19. The solar power-generating system of claim 1 wherein at least some of the cells are filled with a refractive material. 20. The solar power-generating system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the solar ray collector and receiver tank is respectively positioned at an altitude of approximately 30,000 feet above sea level. 21. The solar power-generating system of claim 1 wherein the thermally insulated mixing and expansion device is configured to mix the primary and secondary fluids to form an admixture of fluids as a working fluid having a third range of temperature and pressure, between the first and second ranges. 22. The solar power-generating system of claim 1 wherein the solar-powered system further comprises: at least one pressure tank having a heat exchange element and being in thermal communication with the heat exchange band for forming and delivering at least one of the primary fluid and the secondary fluid to the mixing and expansion device. 23. The solar power-generating system of claim 1, further comprising a chemical reagent storage and delivery device positioned downstream from the plurality of reactors and combusting device and in fluid communication with an exhaust portion of the solar power-generating system to supply a chemical for reacting with exhaust fluids, including at least one greenhouse gas, formed by the processing of fluids in the plurality of reactors and combusting device, with the chemical for reducing emissions of greenhouse gases. 24. The solar power-generating system of claim 1, further comprising: means for supplying the working fluid to a work-producing device by expansion of the working fluid. 25. The solar power-generating system of claim 24, wherein the means for supplying the working fluid comprises: a storage device for storing and distributing the working fluid; means for providing a modulated flow of the working fluid in fluid communication with the storage device; a power turbine configured to receive the modulated flow; and at least one electrical generator in fluid communication with the power turbine to receive the modulated flow and produce electrical power. 26. The solar power-generating system of claim 24 wherein the means for supplying the working fluid comprises: a double-acting free piston apparatus in fluid communication with the mixing and expansion device and configured to expand the working fluid or an effluent thereof to a sub-atmospheric pressure to form cooled air for use in a cooling application. 27. The solar power-generating system of claim 1, further comprising: a network of at least two storage devices in fluid communication with a network of distribution channels for storing and distributing the primary or secondary fluids, or a mixture thereof, as working fluid. 28. The solar power-generating system of claim 1 wherein the mixing and expansion device comprises a double acting free piston apparatus configured to concurrently receive the primary and secondary fluids toward opposing sides of the of a cylindrical housing of the double acting free piston apparatus for partial expansion of at least one of the primary and secondary fluids and mixing of the primary and the secondary fluids to produce the working fluid. 29. The solar power-generating system of claim 1, further comprising: a reaction chamber configured to receive at least a portion of exhaust fluids emitted from the power-generating system; and a mixing device configured to mix a liquid and an alkaline reagent to form an atomized solution, the mixing device being in fluid communication with the reaction chamber to supply the atomized solution thereto, the reaction chamber reacting the exhaust fluid and the atomized solution for reducing greenhouse gases including carbon dioxide. 30. The solar power-generating system of claim 1 wherein the solar-powered system includes at least one pressure tank having a high pressure chamber and a gaseous fluid therein, the receiver tank having a low pressure chamber, at least one pressure tank having a high pressure chamber and a gaseous fluid therein; a heat exchange arrangement having the heat exchange band positioned in the low pressure chamber and a heat exchange element at least partially positioned in the high pressure chamber and in fluid communication with the heat exchange band, means for passing a heat exchange fluid through the heat exchange band and the heat exchange element, thermal energy from the high-energy beams heating the heat exchange fluid, the heat exchange element raising the temperature and pressure of the gaseous fluid in the high pressure chamber to form the gaseous working fluid. 31. The solar power-generating system of claim 30 wherein the pressure tank is thermally insulated, the pressure tank being configured with a thermal mass in liquid or solid state to collect and store energy received from the heat exchange band. 32. The solar power-generating system of claim 1, further comprising: a cooling device configured to cool the working fluid when the fluid is routed proximate the cooling device. 33. The solar power-generating system of claim 32, further comprising: means for increasing a pressure of the gaseous working fluid in fluid communication with the cooling device. 34. The solar power-generating system of claim 1, further comprising: a solar-powered aircraft system including at least one aircraft configured to collect and store solar energy and adjust flying velocity to maximize exposure to available sunlight corresponding to a position of flight. 35. The solar power-generating system of claim 34 wherein the solar-powered aircraft system includes a mechanism configured to deliver the solar energy or working fluid formed from the solar energy to other aircrafts or to a receiving station on ground. 36. The solar power-generating system of claim 34 wherein the solar-powered aircraft includes a remote control receiver facilitating remote control of the solar-powered aircraft toward regions of available solar rays and away from adverse weather conditions inhibiting solar ray exposure. 37. The solar power-generating system of claim 34 wherein the solar-powered aircraft is positioned at a location relative to earth such that the solar-powered aircraft is exposed to solar rays at substantially all times. 38. The solar power-generating system of claim 34 wherein the solar-powered aircraft includes photovoltaic cells. 39. The solar power-generating system of claim 34 wherein the solar-powered aircraft operates using a portion of the primary fluid derived from solar power, and further includes devices configured to enable propulsion, maneuverability and stability by force vectors, allowing substantially all aerodynamic control panels to remain in a null position. 