A vehicular interior rearview mirror system includes an interior rearview mirror assembly having one of (a) a variable reflectance reflective element and (b) a prismatic reflective element. The interior rearview mirror assembly includes an information display disposed behind and viewable through the reflective element. The interior rearview mirror assembly includes a video camera having, when the interior rearview mirror assembly is normally mounted in the vehicle, a field of view that encompasses one of (i) the windshield of the vehicle and (ii) the driver of the vehicle. The interior rearview mirror assembly may include other electrical accessories such as, for example, a light, a rolling code garage door opener, and a microphone.
Claims The embodiments of the invention in which an exclusive property or privilege is claimed are as follows: 1. An interior rearview mirror system for a vehicle, said interior rearview mirror system comprising: an interior rearview mirror assembly, said interior rearview mirror assembly comprising a reflective mirror element; said reflective element comprising one of (a) a variable reflectance reflective element having a reflectivity which is variable in accordance with a voltage applied thereto and (b) a prismatic reflective element; said reflective element disposed in a mirror housing; said interior rearview mirror assembly comprising a mounting portion for attaching said interior rearview mirror assembly to a portion of an interior of the vehicle; said reflective element having a field of view rearward of the vehicle when said interior rearview mirror assembly is attached at the portion of the interior of the vehicle; said interior rearview mirror assembly including at least one pivot joint enabling a driver of the vehicle to adjust the rearward field of view of said reflective element to that driver's desired setting; wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises an information display disposed behind and viewable through said reflective element; wherein said information display comprises one of a liquid crystal display, a vacuum fluorescent display, a light emitting diode display and an electro luminescent display; wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a video camera, said video camera having, when said interior rearview mirror assembly is normally mounted in the vehicle, a field of view that encompasses one of (i) the windshield of the vehicle and (ii) the driver of the vehicle; and wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises at least one electrical accessory, and wherein said at least one electrical accessory is selected from the group consisting of a garage door opener, a rain sensor, a trip computer, an intrusion detector, a phone, a light, a phone attachment, a headlamp controller, a transmitter/receiver, a console light, a solar panel, an antenna, a loudspeaker, a microphone, a digital message recorder, a magnetic tape message recorder, a phone control panel and a digital storage device. 2. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises one of (a) a light and wherein said light comprises a light emitting diode and (b) a rolling code garage door opener. 3. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises (a) a light and wherein said light comprises a light emitting diode and (b) a rolling code garage door opener. 4. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein at least one of (a) said at least one electrical accessory comprises a rain sensor, (b) said at least one electrical accessory comprises a microphone, (c) said video camera comprises a CMOS video camera, (d) said interior rearview mirror system comprises a compass and (e) said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a high beam/low beam headlamp controller. 5. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly includes a modular carrier member formed separately from and mounted on said mirror housing, said carrier member including an electrically conductive circuit member and a support body, said electrically conductive circuit member integrally molded with said support body, said carrier member providing an integral support for, electrical connections for, and an electrical distribution network to a light. 6. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a rolling code garage door opener and a microphone. 7. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a rolling code garage door opener and a headlamp controller. 8. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a headlamp controller and a microphone. 9. An interior rearview mirror system for a vehicle, said interior rearview mirror system comprising: an interior rearview mirror assembly, said interior rearview mirror assembly comprising a reflective mirror element; said reflective element comprising one of (a) a variable reflectance reflective element having a reflectivity which is variable in accordance with a voltage applied thereto and (b) a prismatic reflective element; said reflective element disposed in a mirror housing; said interior rearview mirror assembly comprising a mounting portion for attaching said interior rearview mirror assembly to a portion of an interior of the vehicle; said reflective element having a field of view rearward of the vehicle when said interior rearview mirror assembly is attached at the portion of the interior of the vehicle; said interior rearview mirror assembly including at least one pivot joint enabling a driver of the vehicle to adjust the rearward field of view of said reflective element to that driver's desired setting; wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises an information display disposed behind and viewable through said reflective element; wherein said information display comprises one of a liquid crystal display, a vacuum fluorescent display, a light emitting diode display and an electro luminescent display; wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a video camera, said video camera having, when said interior rearview mirror assembly is normally mounted in the vehicle, a field of view that encompasses one of (i) the windshield of the vehicle and (ii) the driver of the vehicle; and wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises (a) a light and wherein said light comprises a light emitting diode, (b) a rolling code garage door opener, and (c) a microphone. 10. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 9 wherein at least one of (a) said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a rain sensor, (b) said interior rearview mirror system comprises a compass and (c) said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a high beam/low beam headlamp controller. 11. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 9, wherein said video camera comprises a CMOS video camera. 12. An interior rearview mirror system for a vehicle, said interior rearview mirror system comprising: an interior rearview mirror assembly, said interior rearview mirror assembly comprising a reflective mirror element; said reflective element comprising one of (a) a variable reflectance reflective element having a reflectivity which is variable in accordance with a voltage applied thereto and (b) a prismatic reflective element; said reflective element disposed in a mirror housing; said interior rearview mirror assembly comprising a mounting portion for attaching said interior rearview mirror assembly to a portion of an interior of the vehicle; said reflective element having a field of view rearward of the vehicle when said interior rearview mirror assembly is attached at the portion of the interior of the vehicle; said interior rearview mirror assembly including at least one pivot joint enabling a driver of the vehicle to adjust the rearward field of view of said reflective element to that driver's desired setting; wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises an information display disposed behind and viewable through said reflective element; wherein said information display comprises one of a liquid crystal display, a vacuum fluorescent display, a light emitting diode display and an electro luminescent display; wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a video camera, said video camera having, when said interior rearview mirror assembly is normally mounted in the vehicle, a field of view that encompasses one of (i) the windshield of the vehicle and (ii) the driver of the vehicle; wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a compass sensor comprising a magneto-responsive sensor selected from the group consisting of a magneto-resistive sensor, a magneto-capacitive sensor, a Hall effect sensor, and a magneto-inductive sensor; wherein said compass sensor is disposed in said mirror housing behind and supported by said reflective element such that adjustment about said at least one pivot joint by the driver to set the rearward field view of said reflective element moves said compass sensor in tandem with movement of said reflective element; and wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises at least one electrical accessory, and wherein said at least one electrical accessory is selected from the group consisting of a garage door opener, a rain sensor, a trip computer, an intrusion detector, a phone, a light, a phone attachment, a headlamp controller, a transmitter/receiver, a console light, a solar panel, an antenna, a loudspeaker, a microphone, a digital message recorder, a magnetic tape message recorder, a phone control panel and a digital storage device. 13. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 12 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises one of (a) a light and wherein said light comprises a light emitting diode and (b) a rolling code garage door opener. 14. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 12 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises (a) a light and wherein said light comprises a light emitting diode and (b) a rolling code garage door opener. 15. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 12 wherein at least one of (a) said at least one electrical accessory comprises a rain sensor, (b) said at least one electrical accessory comprises a microphone and (c) said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a high beam/low beam headlamp controller. 16. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 12, wherein said video camera comprises a CMOS video camera. 17. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 12 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly includes a modular carrier member formed separately from and mounted on said mirror housing, said carrier member including an electrically conductive circuit member and a support body, said electrically conductive circuit member integrally molded with said support body, said carrier member providing an integral support for, electrical connections for, and an electrical distribution network to a light. 18. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 12 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a rolling code garage door opener and a microphone. 19. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 12 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a rolling code garage door opener and a headlamp controller. 20. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 12 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a headlamp controller and a microphone. 