An improved solar powered decorative light system that can used on cloudy days and does not require the use of individual solar panels associated with each light in a decorative outdoor home holiday display. The improved solar powered decorative light system includes a plurality of decorative outdoor lights each having at least one LED and receiving electrical energy for illumination from a single solar receptor comprised of a double junction amorphous panel set. The decorative outdoor lights may further include replaceable decorative covers.
Claims I claim: 1. A decorative outdoor light system comprising: a first mounting post having a solar receptor affixed thereto and including at least one LED on one end and a first male electrical connection, said solar receptor including a double junction amorphous solar panel set in continuity with said at least one LED and said first male electrical connection; a second mounting post having at least one LED on one end in continuity with a second electrical connection, said second electrical connection comprising a male side and a female side, said female side of the second electrical connection being selectively connected to said first male electrical connection of said first mounting post; wherein the at least one LED on each of said first and second mounting posts receive electrical energy for illumination from said double junction amorphous panel set. 2. The decorative outdoor light system of claim 1 wherein each of said mounting posts includes a stake on the opposing end from said one or more LED's. 3. The decorative outdoor light system of claim 1, wherein said solar receptor further comprises a switch for selectively illuminating said set of decorative lights from said double junction amorphous panel set. 4. The decorative outdoor light system of claim 1, wherein said solar receptor further comprises a battery connected to said double junction amorphous panel set. 5. The decorative outdoor light system of claim 1, wherein said female side of said second electrical connection further includes a length wire. 6. The decorative outdoor light system of claim 1, wherein said female side of said second electrical connection is surrounded by external threads, and said first male electrical connection and said male side of said second electrical connection each comprise an internally threaded rotatable connectors complementary to the external threads of said female side of said second electrical connection. 7. The decorative outdoor light system of claim 1, wherein each of said first and second mounting posts further includes a cover over said at least one LED. 8. The decorative outdoor light system of claim 7, wherein said cover is removable and replaceable. 9. A set of decorative outdoor lights comprising: a mounting pole having a solar receptor assembly affixed thereon, said receptor assembly including a double junction amorphous solar panel set, said mounting pole including a first set of one or more LED's mounted on one end, said first LED set being electrically connected to said solar receptor assembly; said mounting pole further including an electrical connector, which is electrically connected to said solar receptor assembly; a second set of one or more LED's, which is not mounted to said mounting pole but is electrically connected to said electrical connector; wherein said solar receptor assembly provides electrical energy for illumination to said first and second LED sets. 10. The set of decorative outdoor lights of claim 9, wherein said mounting pole includes a stake on the end opposing the end said first LED set is mounted. 11. The set of decorative outdoor lights of claim 9, further comprising a switch for selectively illuminating said first and second LED sets from said solar receptor assembly. 12. A decorative outdoor light system comprising: a first mourning post having a solar receptor assembly affixed thereto and including at least one LED mounted on one end and a first electrical connector, said solar receptor assembly including a double junction amorphous solar panel set electrically connected with said at least one LED and said first electrical connector; and a second mourning post having at least one LED mounted on one end and a second electrical connector, said second electrical connector being selectively connected to said first electrical connector; wherein the at least one LED on each of said first and second mounting posts receive electrical energy for illumination from said double junction amorphous panel set. 13. The decorative outdoor light system of claim 12 wherein each of said mounting posts includes a stake on the opposing end from said one or more LED's. 14. The decorative outdoor light system of claim 12, wherein said solar receptor further comprises a switch for selectively illuminating said set of decorative lights from said double junction amorphous panel set. 15. The decorative outdoor light system of claim 12, wherein said solar receptor further comprises a battery connected to said double junction amorphous panel set. 16. The decorative outdoor light system of claim 12, wherein said first and second electrical connectors are selectively connected each other by means of a length of wire. 17. The decorative outdoor light system of claim 12, wherein said second electrical connector is surrounded by external threads, and said first electrical connector comprises an internally threaded rotatable connector assembly that is complementary to the external threads of said second electrical connector. 18. The decorative outdoor light system of claim 12, wherein each of said first and second mounting posts further includes a cover over said at least one LED. 19. The decorative outdoor light system of claim 18, wherein said cover is removable and replaceable. 