Renewable Energy Advanced Device Solution is at least wind powered and comprises at least a motor, a battery cell, a clutch means, a generator armature, a communication means configured with a capacitance means and operatively connected to an accelerator pedal. The communication means is configured for directing the flow of energy from the capacitance means to the battery cell means and from the battery cell means to the motor. The motor of the vehicle is configured with harnesses communicatively connecting the generator armature with the capacitance means, the capacitance means with the communication means, and the communication means with the battery cell means responsive for supplying electrical energy to the motor and other electrical appliances for the vehicle. The communication means transfers electrical energy to kinetic energy that propels the vehicle and comprises means to connect the motor to enable the flow of electricity. The motor is configured with regenerative braking means responsive for conservation of energy by means of transferring the kinetic energy back to electrical energy when pressure on the accelerator pedal is released to enable the conversion energy to initially slow down vehicle.
Claims I claim: 1. A renewable energy vehicle comprising a regenerative energy system disposed on a vehicle axle with which a wheel assembly revolves, said system comprising: (a) a housing disposed on said axle, said housing being configured to receive an airflow through an opening; (b) an apparatus for deflecting aerodynamic force disposed on said housing; (c) an apparatus disposed in said housing for converting one type of energy to another type of energy; said apparatus comprising an electrical generator in fluid communication with said opening and responsive to at least a wheel rotation; (d) wherein said housing is coupled with said wheel assembly and comprises a mounting structure to engage said electrical generator assembly with said axle structure; (e) wherein both the rotation of said wheel assembly and the airflow received through said opening form a propellant for said generator. 2. The renewable energy vehicle of claim 1, wherein said electrical generator is coupled to a turbine assembly located in said housing in fluid communication with said opening through at least an inlet channel. 3. The renewable energy vehicle of claim 2, wherein said turbine assembly is coupled to said electrical generator on said axle, said system further comprising a clutch. 4. The renewable energy vehicle of claim 1, wherein said housing further comprises an inlet channel comprising an entrance and an exit through which kinetic energy is converted into another form of energy. 5. The renewable energy vehicle of claim 4, wherein airflow through said inlet channel enables said turbine assembly to be propelled both with and without said wheel assembly rotation. 6. The renewable energy vehicle of claim 3, wherein said clutch enables freewheeling of said turbine assembly through a central axis of said wheel assembly rotation. 7. The renewable energy vehicle of claim 1, wherein said housing comprises a turbine housing portion, a turbine assembly being located in said turbine housing portion, and an inlet channel being configured to increase the velocity of said airflow to said turbine housing portion, wherein said turbine assembly is responsive to said wheel assembly rotation and said velocity of airflow for generating electrical energy. 8. The renewable energy vehicle of claim 7, wherein said axle structure is configured for rotating said turbine assembly and said electrical generator. 9. The renewable energy vehicle of claim 8, wherein said assembly is configured to convert the rotational torque from said wheel assembly and said airflow force into electrical energy. 10. The renewable energy vehicle of claim 1, wherein said opening further comprises an airflow guide formed integrally with the axle structure of a vehicle. 11. The renewable energy vehicle of claim 10, wherein said airflow guide further comprises a turbine assembly, said generator assembly responsive to said turbine assembly for generating electrical energy and wherein said generator is in communication with at least a battery cell. 12. The renewable energy vehicle of claim 11, wherein said generator assembly in further communication with at least a capacitor. 13. The renewable energy vehicle of claim 12, wherein said capacitor further comprises apparatus for storing electrical energy, said apparatus communicatively connected to said battery cell for releasing at least electrical energy when required. 14. The renewable energy vehicle of claim 12, wherein said capacitor is operatively configured with a communication device for controlling the energy for vehicle accessories and communication with said battery cell. 15. The renewable energy vehicle of claim 2, wherein said generator assembly further connected to a communication device comprising an electrical regulator, said communication device being electrically connected to one or both of a capacitor and a battery cell. 16. The renewable energy vehicle of claim 1, wherein said system is further configured for converting heat energy due to frictional force caused by braking and rotational torques into electrical energy. 17. The renewable energy vehicle of claim 1, further comprising a solar panel configured with a solar cell responsive to photovoltaic energy, said panel in communication with a capacitor for energizing at a battery cell. 