A solar collector includes a plurality of elongated parabolic reflectors mounted within a glass-topped enclosure for pivotal movement such that each reflector is incrementally pivoted throughout the course of a day to remain substantially perpendicular to the sun. The incremental pivotal movement is caused by a motor energized from a solar switch having solar cells that also pivot throughout the day so that in one position of the switch, no electricity is being generated and transferred to the motor, but in a second position, the switch receives solar radiation and energizes the motor to again incrementally pivot each reflector along with the solar switch. The reflectors are therefore incrementally pivoted throughout the course of a day to follow the sun for optimal collection of solar radiation which is used to heat liquid carried by tubes positioned at the axis of generation of the parabolic reflectors and/or strips of solar cell material so that electricity can be generated alone, liquid heated alone, or liquid heated and electricity generated simultaneously.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A solar collector comprising in combination: a plurality of elongated reflectors of substantially parabolic transverse cross-section defining an axis of generation, a fluid-conducting tube supporting each of said reflectors along said axis of generation for pivotal movement about a longitudinal axis; a mounting system supporting said tubes, said mounting system including an enclosed box having a top glass plate overlying said reflectors; a motor drive and linkage interconnecting said motor drive to said reflectors to incrementally pivot said reflectors, the linkage comprising; a transverse link pivotally mounted directly to each of said reflectors at one end of said reflectors; a connecting link pivotally connected at a first end directly to the transverse link at an off-center point of the transverse link; a drive link pivotally connected to a second end of the connecting link and to a drive shaft of said motor drive; wherein said motor drive and linkage causes the transverse link to swing in an arcuate manner in a forward and reversible movement, thereby pivoting the plurality of elongated reflectors about said longitudinal axis; and a solar switch for selectively energizing and de-energizing said motor drive, the solar switch comprising: a base having a longitudinal reference line; a pair of laterally spaced solar cells being on opposite sides of said longitudinal reference line; wherein said base further comprises a wall between said solar cells coincident with said reference line; and an arcuate solar radiation blocking bar mounted on said base and extending along said reference line, said blocking bar to cast a shadow on both of said solar cells when the solar radiation is coming from directly above said switch. 2. The collector of claim 1 wherein said axis of generation and longitudinal axis are co-axial. 3. The collector of claim 1 wherein said reflectors pivot about said fluid-conducting tubes. 4. The collector of claim 1 further including manifolds interconnecting said fluid-conducting tubes at opposite ends of said tubes, said manifolds being in fluid communication with a supply of heat-transfer fluid such that said fluid can be circulated through said fluid-conducting tubes. 5. The collector of claim 1 wherein said solar switch is operatively connected to a reflector for pivotal movement with said reflectors. 6. A solar collector comprising in combination: a plurality of elongated reflectors of substantially parabolic transverse cross-section defining an axis of generation, a rigid support extending along each of said axes of generation, and having solar cell material mounted thereon, said rigid supports supporting said reflectors for pivotal movement about a longitudinal axis of the reflector; a mounting system supporting said rigid supports, said mounting system including an enclosed box having a top glass plate overlying said reflectors; a motor drive and linkage interconnecting said motor drive to said reflectors to incrementally pivot said reflectors, the linkage comprising; a transverse link pivotally mounted directly to each of said reflectors at one end of said reflectors; a connecting link pivotally connected at a first end directly to the transverse link at an off-center point of the transverse link; a drive link pivotally connected to a second end of the connecting link and to a drive shaft of said motor drive; wherein said motor drive and linkage causes the transverse link to swing in an arcuate manner in a forward and reversible movement, thereby pivoting the plurality of elongated reflectors about said longitudinal axis; and a solar switch for selectively energizing and de-energizing said motor drive, the solar switch comprising: a base having a longitudinal reference line; a pair of laterally spaced solar cells being on opposite sides of said longitudinal reference line; wherein said base further comprises a wall between said solar cells coincident with said reference line; and an arcuate solar radiation blocking bar mounted on said base and extending along said reference line, said blocking bar to cast a shadow on both of said solar cells when the solar radiation is coming from directly above said switch. 7. The collector of claim 6 wherein said axis of generation and longitudinal axis are co-axial. 8. The collector of claim 6 wherein said reflectors pivot about said rigid supports. 9. The collector of claim 6 wherein said solar switch is operatively connected to a reflector for pivotal movement with the reflectors. 10. The collector of claim 6 wherein said rigid support is a liquid-conducting tube. 