A solar heating system for a building and other architectural structures including a solar heating system. The solar heating system comprises a solar heating module with an enclosure of panels bounding a plenum. An interior panel is disposed inside the enclosure. A collector panel, which is separated from the interior panel to define a heating chamber, is exposed to, and heated by, solar radiation. Outside air enters the heating chamber though passages in the collector panel, where the air is heated by heat transferred from the collector panel. An air-moving device is coupled with an air outlet from the plenum. The air-moving device applies a negative pressure in the heating chamber effective for drawing the outside air through the passages into the heating chamber and for withdrawing the heated air from the heating chamber through a delivery opening to the plenum for subsequent removal through the air outlet.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar heating system for mounting on a support structure, the solar heating system comprising: a solar heating module with an enclosure including a plurality of panels, said panels including a floor panel configured to be physically mounted to the support structure, a top panel, spaced apart from said floor panel a collector panel extending from said floor panel to said top panel, and an interior panel disposed at least partially inside the enclosure between said floor panel and said collector panel, said collector panel separated from said interior panel to define a heating chamber between said interior panel and said collector panel, said interior panel located between said collector panel and said floor panel to define a plenum between said interior panel and said floor panel, said interior panel having a first end contacting one of said floor panel or said top panel and a second end separated from the other of said floor panel or said top panel to define a delivery slot coupling said heating chamber in fluid communication with said plenum, said collector panel including a first surface bordering an ambient environment of said enclosure, a second surface bordering said heating chamber, and a plurality of passages extending from said first surface of said collector panel to said second surface of said collector panel, said panels of said enclosure having an arrangement such that said collector panel is capable of being exposed to solar radiation and heated by the solar radiation, and said collector panel configured to transfer air from the ambient environment through said passages to said heating chamber and to transfer heat from said collector panel to the air in said heating chamber to form heated air; an air outlet from said plenum defined in one of said panels of said enclosure; and an air-moving device coupled with said air outlet, said air-moving device adapted to apply a negative pressure in said heating chamber effective for drawing the air from the ambient environment through said passages into said heating chamber and for withdrawing the heated air from said heating chamber through said delivery opening to said plenum for subsequent removal through said air outlet. 2. The solar heating system of claim 1 further comprising: a duct coupled with said air outlet; and a first damper associated with said duct, said first damper having an opened condition in which said duct communicates with the ambient environment and a closed condition in which the duct is sealed. 3. The solar heating system of claim 2 further comprising: a HVAC unit having an air inlet coupled by said duct with said air outlet. 4. The solar heating system of claim 3 wherein said air inlet of said HVAC unit includes a second damper having an opened condition in which said duct communicates with said air inlet and a closed condition in which said air inlet is blocked. 5. The solar heating system of claim 1 further comprising: a layer of a thermally insulating material on at least one of said panels, said thermally insulating material having a lower thermal conductivity than a material forming said at least one of said panels. 6. The solar heating system of claim 5 wherein the support structure is a roof of a building, and said layer is disposed between the roof and said floor panel. 7. The solar heating system of claim 1 further comprising: a layer of a thermally insulating material on said interior panel, said thermally insulating material having a lower thermal conductivity than a material forming said interior panel. 8. The solar heating system of claim 1 wherein said collector panel is substantially planar. 9. The solar heating system of claim 1 wherein said collector panel is concave. 10. The solar heating system of claim 1 wherein said enclosure further comprises: a phase change material adapted to store heat energy transferred from the air and to release the heat energy when a temperature of the air in said heating chamber is lower than a temperature of the phase chamber material. 11. The solar heating system of claim 1 wherein said top panel is generally parallel to said floor panel, said panels further comprise a rear panel extending between said top panel and said floor panel, said collector panel extends at an angle between said top panel and said floor panel, and said top panel extends between said rear panel and said collector panel. 12. The solar heating system of claim 11 wherein said collector panel and said interior panel project above said top panel and partially overhang said top panel. 13. The solar heating system of claim 12 wherein said delivery opening is defined as a slot between said floor panel and said interior panel. 14. The solar heating system of claim 11 wherein said delivery opening is defined as a slot between said top panel and said interior panel. 15. The solar heating system of claim 11 further comprising: a heating unit within said enclosure; and a door covering an access opening in said rear panel. 16. An architectural structure comprising: a building having a roof, a plurality of side walls, and a ventilated space; a solar heating module with an enclosure including a plurality of panels, said panels including a floor panel configured to be physically mounted to the support structure, a top panel, spaced apart from said floor panel a collector panel extending from said floor panel to said top panel, and an interior panel disposed at least partially inside the enclosure between said floor panel and said collector panel, said collector panel separated from said interior panel to define a heating chamber between said interior panel and said collector panel, said interior panel located between said collector panel and said floor panel to define a plenum between said interior panel and said floor panel, said interior panel having a first end contacting one of said floor panel or said top panel and a second end separated from the other of said floor panel or said top panel to define a delivery slot coupling said heating chamber in fluid communication with said plenum, said collector panel including a first surface bordering an ambient environment of said enclosure, a second surface bordering said heating chamber, and a plurality of passages extending from said first surface to said second surface, said panels of said enclosure having an arrangement such that said collector panel is capable of being exposed to solar radiation and heated by the solar radiation, and said collector panel configured to transfer air from the ambient environment through said passages to said heating chamber and to transfer heat from said collector panel to the air in said heating chamber to form heated air; an air outlet from said plenum defined in one of said panels of said enclosure; and an air-moving device coupled with said air outlet, said air-moving device adapted to apply a negative pressure in said heating chamber effective for drawing the air from the ambient environment through said passages into said heating chamber and for withdrawing the heated air from said heating chamber through said delivery opening to said plenum for subsequent removal through said air outlet to said ventilated space of said building. 17. The architectural structure of claim 16 wherein said support structure is said roof. 18. The architectural structure of claim 16 wherein said support structure is a ground surface proximate to said building. 19. The architectural structure of claim 16 wherein said support structure is a plurality of stilt legs extending between said enclosure and a ground surface. 20. The architectural structure of claim 19 further comprising: a duct coupling said ventilated space of said building with said air outlet of said enclosure. 21. The architectural structure of claim 20 wherein a portion of said duct is buried beneath the ground surface. 22. The architectural structure of claim 19 further comprising: a HVAC unit having an air inlet; and a duct coupling said air inlet of said HVAC unit with said air outlet of said enclosure. 23. The architectural structure of claim 22 wherein a portion of said duct is buried beneath the ground surface. 24. The architectural structure of claim 16 further comprising: a HVAC unit having an air inlet; and a duct coupling said air inlet of said HVAC unit with said air outlet of said enclosure. 25. The architectural structure of claim 16 further comprising: a duct coupling said ventilated space of said building with said air outlet of said enclosure. 26. The solar heating system of claim 10 wherein said interior panel contains said phase change material. 