A pressure indicator for positive pressure protection masks, including powered air purifying respirators (PAPRs) that monitors and determines relative air pressure between the internal space of a protection mask and the ambient environment to alert users of negative or threshold level air pressure, and in turn, to ensure safe operation of the protection masks. The pressure indicator, which is incorporated in the mask, alerts users when the air pressure in the mask reaches a critical level by transmitting optical signals, auditory signals, vibrational signals or a combination thereof that are detectable by the user. The optical signals are projected into the user's line of vision either directly or through a head-up display. The pressure indicator may cause the signal to indicate a safe and danger mode, or may cause the signal to indicate only during a danger mode.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A pressure indicator for positive pressure protection masks, comprising: a protection mask; and a pressure indicator incorporated into a body of the protection mask, including a first vent to an ambient environment and a second vent to an internal space of the mask in communication with the first vent, wherein the pressure indicator detects an internal air pressure within the mask, wherein the pressure indicator extends outwardly from an outer surface of the mask and inwardly from an inner surface of the mask; and a signaling device linked to the pressure indicator, wherein the signaling device emits a signal at a threshold internal air pressure. 2. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the pressure indicator detects the internal air pressure within the mask relative to an air pressure of an ambient environment outside of the mask. 3. The pressure indicator according to claim 2, wherein the pressure indicator indicates a negative pressure level. 4. The pressure indicator according to claim 2, wherein the pressure indicator indicates a positive pressure level and a negative pressure level. 5. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the first vent is exposed to the ambient environment outside of the mask and the second vent is exposed to the internal air pressure of the mask. 6. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the pressure indicator is disposed proximate a lens of the protection mask. 7. The pressure indicator according to claim 6, wherein the pressure indicator is disposed in a base of the lens. 8. The pressure indicator according to claim 6, wherein a pressure indicator is disposed in a base of each lens. 9. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the internal threshold pressure is greater than or equal to zero. 10. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the signaling device is selected from a group including at least one of optical, auditory and/or vibrational signals. 11. The pressure indicator according to claim 10, wherein the optical signal is emitted by a light diode. 12. The pressure indicator according to claim 10, wherein the light diode is color coded to correspond to positive and negative air pressure values. 13. The pressure indicator according to claim 12, wherein the light diode is colored red for a negative pressure value and green for a positive pressure value. 14. The pressure indicator according to claim 12, wherein the light diode is colored red for a negative pressure value, green for a positive pressure value greater than or equal to approximately 2 mbars, and yellow for a pressure value greater than and equal to approximately zero mbars and less than approximately 2 mbars. 15. The pressure indicator according to claim 10, wherein the optical signal is emitted directly into a field of vision of the user. 16. The pressure indicator according to claim 10, wherein the optical signal is emitted to a visor of the mask, providing a head up display. 17. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the positive pressure protection mask is a powered air purifying respirator (PAPR) mask. 18. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the pressure indicator measures and displays an actual pressure value. 19. The pressure indicator according to claim 18, wherein the pressure indicator further comprises: a digital monitor that displays the actual pressure value. 20. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the pressure indicator is selected from a group including a Bourdon tube indicator, a spring loaded sensor, a bellows indicator and a tubular indicator. 21. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the pressure indicator is powered by a power device. 22. The pressure indicator according to claim 21, wherein the power device is one selected from a group including a battery, fuel cell, solar cell, and piezo electric device. 23. The pressure indicator according to claim 21, wherein the power device is integrated with the pressure indicator. 24. The pressure indicator according to claim 21, wherein the power device also powers a blower. 25. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the pressure indicator is a diaphragm-type sensor having at least one diaphragm. 26. The pressure indicator according to claim 25, wherein the diaphragm-type sensor is housed in a dual chamber. 27. The pressure indicator according to claim 25, wherein the at least one diaphragm is composed of EPDM. 28. The pressure indicator according to claim 25, wherein the at least one diaphragm is supported by an expandable disc which is attached at a dividing partition of the sensor. 29. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the pressure indicator is a piezo resistive type sensor. 30. The pressure indicator according to claim 29, wherein the piezo resistive type sensor further comprises: a digital readout that indicates the actual pressure determined by the sensor. 31. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the pressure indicator extending outside the mask further comprises: an LED optical signaling device. 32. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the pressure indicator includes a sensor mounted on the inner surface of the protection mask. 33. A pressure indicator, comprising: a pressure indicator, incorporated into a body of a protection mask, including a first vent to an ambient environment and a second vent to an internal space of the mask in communication with the first vent, wherein the pressure indicator detects an internal air pressure within the mask, wherein the pressure indicator extends outwardly from an outer surface of the protection mask and a second end extends inwardly from an inner surface of the protection mask; and a signaling device wherein the signaling device emits a signal at a threshold internal air pressure. 34. The pressure indicator of claim 33, wherein the pressure indicator detects the internal air pressure within the mask relative to an air pressure of an ambient environment outside of the mask. 35. The pressure indicator of claim 33, wherein the pressure indicator further comprises: a vent to an ambient environment outside of the protection mask; and a vent to an internal space of the protection mask communicatively coupled to the vent to ambient air. 36. The pressure indicator of claim 33, further comprising: a signaling device linked to the pressure indicator for emitting a signal at a threshold internal air pressure, wherein the signaling device is selected from a group including at least one of optical, auditory and/or vibrational signals and is positioned either on the inner surface or the outer surface of the protection mask. 37. The pressure indicator according to claim 33, wherein the pressure indicator further comprises: a digital monitor that displays the actual pressure value. 38. The pressure indicator according to claim 33, wherein the pressure indicator is selected from a group including a Bourdon tube indicator, a spring loaded sensor, a bellows indicator and a tubular indicator. 39. The pressure indicator according to claim 33, wherein the pressure indicator includes a sensor selected from the group consisting of a diaphragm-type sensor having at least one diaphragm and a piezo resistive type sensor. 