The invention is a trailer tongue alignment accessory that attaches to the tongue of the trailer. The invention includes a mounting assembly, three lighted posts, and position sensing means. The position sensing means comprises a laser projector that is attached to the mounting assembly, and a reflector that is attached to the trailer hitch.
Claims The inventor claims: 1. A trailer hitch alignment aid comprising: (a) a mounting assembly; wherein the mounting assembly attaches to the tongue of a trailer by an attaching means; (b) a left light post and a right light post; wherein the left light post is attached by a mounting means along the left distal end of the mounting assembly; wherein the right light post is attached by a mounting means along the right distal end of the mounting assembly; wherein both the left light post and the right light post are capable of extending or retracting from the respective distal end of the mounting assembly; (c) a center light post; wherein the center light post is permanently affixed to the mounting assembly; (d) a laser/sensor; wherein the laser/sensor extends from the mounting assembly via a laser extender arm; (e) a reflector; wherein the reflector attaches via securing means in close proximity to the trailer hitch on a location on the towing vehicle; wherein the reflector is capable of reflecting the laser emitted from the laser/sensor, which then reflects the laser back up to the laser/sensor; wherein upon reflection of the laser to the laser/sensor, the center light post is illuminated; (f) a power box; wherein the power box includes a powering means; wherein wiring extends from the power box to the laser/sensor, the left light post, the center light post, and the right light post. 2. The trailer hitch alignment aid as described in claim 1 wherein the fastening means comprises bolting, welding, screwing, gluing, or a spring clamp that snaps onto the trailer. 3. The trailer hitch alignment aid as described in claim 2 wherein the spring clamp is made of a material comprising plastic, or a metal. 4. The trailer hitch alignment aid as described in claim 3 wherein the mounting means includes a locking mechanism such that the left light post and the right light post can be locked into their respective position with the distal end of the mounting assembly; and wherein the locking mechanism comprises a spring-loaded pin mounted on the left light post and the right light post and a corresponding plurality of holes along the distal ends of the mounting assembly. 5. The trailer hitch alignment aid as described in claim 4 wherein the power box includes an on/off switch. 6. The trailer hitch alignment aid as described in claim 5 wherein the securing means comprises an adhesive, screwing, welding, or bolting. 7. The trailer hitch alignment aid as described in claim 6 wherein the mounting assembly, the left light post, the center light post, and the right light post are made of a material comprising a metal or a plastic. 8. The trailer hitch alignment aid as described in claim 7 wherein the powering means comprises a solar cell array, a plurality of batteries, or electrical wiring that runs to the electrical system of the trailer or towing vehicle. 