In a zero-phase current detecting apparatus, a feedback loop is made up of a pulse generating unit, a current detecting unit, a peak detecting unit, an adding unit, and a current regulating unit. The adding unit outputs a difference between a target value and a peak value detected by the peak detecting unit. A zero-phase current is detected based on the difference output from the adding unit as a result of regulation of the peak value so as to be the target value in the adding unit.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A zero-phase current detecting apparatus comprising: a zero-phase-sequence current transformer that includes a magnetic core and a detection coil wound around the core, and that detects a zero-phase current flowing in an electric power line; and a feedback loop is made up of a pulse generating unit that applies an excitation pulse signal to one end of the detection coil; a current detecting unit that converts a current flowing through the detection coil into a voltage and outputs the voltage; a peak detecting unit that detects a peak value of the voltage output from the current detecting unit; an adding unit that outputs a difference between a target value and the peak value detected by the peak detecting unit; and a current regulating unit that regulates the current flowing in the detection coil based on the difference output from the adding unit, wherein the zero-phase current is detected based on the difference output from the adding unit as a result of regulation of the peak value so as to be the target value in the adding unit. 2. The zero-phase current detecting apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a target-value setting circuit that changes the target value so that an operating point of the peak detecting unit is positioned in a linear area within an output characteristic of the peak detecting unit. 3. The zero-phase current detecting apparatus according to claim 2, further comprising an operation-range limiting unit that prevents the operating point of the peak detecting unit from going out of a control range. 4. The zero-phase current detecting apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a magnetization forcing unit that controls magnetization of the detection core. 5. The zero-phase current detecting apparatus according to claim 4, wherein the zero-phase-sequence current transformer includes a secondary coil, and the magnetization forcing unit controls the magnetization of the detection core by causing a current to flow through the secondary coil. 6. The zero-phase current detecting apparatus according to claim 5, wherein the secondary coil is the detection coil. 7. The zero-phase current detecting apparatus according to claim 5, wherein the secondary coil is different from the detection coil and is wound around the detection core. 8. The zero-phase current detecting apparatus according to claim 4, wherein the magnetization forcing unit controls the magnetization of the detection core by causing a current to flow through a primary side of the zero-phase-sequence current transformer. 9. The zero-phase current detecting apparatus according to claim 4, wherein the magnetization forcing unit repeatedly and continuously performs a magnetizing operation that lasts for a shorter period of time than an excitation cycle of the excitation pulse output by the pulse generating unit, once in every regular or non-regular cycle period of the excitation pulse. 10. The zero-phase current detecting apparatus according to claim 4, wherein when exercising a magnetization control, the magnetization forcing unit suppresses a magnetizing current that is caused to flow so that the flowing of the magnetizing current is equal to or shorter than 20% of an excitation cycle of the excitation pulse. 11. The zero-phase current detecting apparatus according to claim 4, wherein the magnetization forcing unit performs a magnetizing operation one or more times in every excitation cycle period. 12. The zero-phase current detecting apparatus according to claim 4, wherein the magnetization forcing unit is configured with a digital processor. 13. The zero-phase current detecting apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a high-frequency passing unit that passes a high frequency component in the difference output from the adding unit, wherein a time constant of the high-frequency passing unit is arranged to be equal to or longer than one second. 14. The zero-phase current detecting apparatus according to claim 13, further comprising a time-constant changing unit that is operable to change the time constant of the high-frequency passing unit, wherein when a zero point adjustment is performed upon an activation of the zero-phase current detecting apparatus, the time-constant changing unit temporarily makes the time constant smaller than the arranged value. 15. The zero-phase current detecting apparatus according to claim 14, wherein the high-frequency passing unit and the time-constant changing unit are configured with a digital processor. 16. The zero-phase current detecting apparatus according to claim 15, wherein the digital processor outputs, as discrete values, sampled values out of the difference output from the adding unit that are obtained in synchronization with an excitation cycle period of the excitation pulse. 17. The zero-phase current detecting apparatus according to claim 16, wherein the digital processor obtains the discrete values from a predetermined phase position within the excitation cycle period. 18. The zero-phase current detecting apparatus according to claim 16, wherein the digital processor obtains the discrete values by using a cycle period shorter than a half of the excitation cycle period and eliminates an excitation frequency component of the excitation pulse contained in the discrete values by performing a digital signal processing. 19. The zero-phase current detecting apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the zero-phase current detecting apparatus is used as a ground-fault detecting circuit for a grid-connected inverter apparatus. 20. The zero-phase current detecting apparatus according to claim 19, wherein the grid-connected inverter apparatus is an inverter apparatus for a photovoltaic power generation system. 