A plurality of supercapacitor elements is arranged in rows and columns within a single housing. The elements have no physical connection until they are configured into series, parallel or combinatory matrix by a configuration circuit composing of switches, a driver and a controller. Under the manipulation of the configuration circuit, the elements can be assembled in a broad voltage range to deliver the desired powers to automobiles, heavy machineries, power tools, appliances, or consumer electronics in real-time responses. When the loads present energy for recovery, the elements can also be immediately grouped in the voltage and capacity ranges corresponding to the power levels of the energy to be harvested. Using the present invention, the efficiency of DC and AC energy utilization can be significantly improved.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A configurable power tank, comprising: a plurality of supercapacitor elements arranged in rows and columns within a single housing body, said plurality of supercapacitor elements connected a charging circuit; and a configuration circuit located on the outer or inner surface of a housing cover, and an integrated module by joining said housing body with said housing cover hermetically, wherein said configuration circuit configure said supercapacitor elements in a specific connection, and a CD swing switches between two groups of supercapacitor elements for charging and discharging, when one group is discharging while the other group is charging or re-charging, and wherein said configuration circuit comprises: a control means for monitoring, registering, storing, calculating, deciding and commanding; a switch for providing an electronic paths requires for said configuration circuit; a plurality of sensors for detecting the charge status of said plurality of supercapacitor elements; and a driver for executing the command of said control means to configure said plurality of supercapacitor elements through a horizontal data bus. 2. The configurable power tank according to claim 1, wherein each of said plurality of supercapacitor elements includes two electrodes and two separators soaked in an electrolyte. 3. The configurable power tank according to claim 1, wherein said single housing body is made of plastic or metal. 4. The configurable power tank according to claim 1, further comprising a charging source connected with said charge circuit and said configuration circuit. 5. The configurable power tank according to claim 4, wherein said charging source is selected from the group consisting of a battery, a fuel cell, a solar cell, a wind mill, a generator, an engine and a utility grid through direct/indirect electromagnetic induced wireless transmission. 6. The configurable power tank according to claim 1, wherein said specific connection is selected from the group consisting of a series connection, a parallel connection, and some other combinatory connections. 7. A power tank system for delivering and storing power, said power tank system comprising: a plurality of supercapacitor groups and a charging source in a parallel connection through reciprocal switching device individually; a plurality of relays for enabling said reciprocal switching device individually between open and close states for charging and discharging; and a configuration circuit connected with said plurality of relays to configure said plurality of supercapacitor groups through said reciprocal switching device, wherein said plurality of supercapacitor groups are configured to deliver consistent peak powers through said reciprocal switching of said plurality of supercapacitor groups between charging and discharging, and wherein said configuration circuit comprises: a control means for monitoring, registering, storing, calculating, deciding and commanding; a switch for providing an electronic paths required for said configuration circuit; a plurality of sensors for detecting the charge status of said plurality of supercapacitor elements; and a driver for executing the command of said control means to configure said plurality of supercapacitor elements through a horizontal data bus. 8. The power tank system according to claim 7, wherein said plurality of supercapacitor group comprises a plurality of supercapacitor elements arranged in rows and columns within a single housing body. 9. The power tank system according to claim 8, wherein said housing body is made of plastic or metal. 10. The power tank system according to claim 7, wherein said configuration circuit located on the outer or inner surface of a housing cover, and an integrated module by joining said single housing body with said housing cover hermetically. 11. The power tank system according to claim 7, wherein said specific connection is selected from the group consisting of a series connection, a parallel connection or some other combinatory connections. 12. The power tank system according to claim 7, wherein said relay is a double-pole double-throw (DPDT) mechanical switching device. 13. The power tank system according to claim 7, wherein said charging source be selected from the group consisting of a battery, a fuel cell, a solar cell, a wind mill, a generator, an engine and a utility grid through direct/indirect electromagnetic induced wireless transmission. 