The high pressure fluid pump includes a driver defined by a float riding on the waves of a sea surface, a fluid pump housing, an impeller operatively attached to the driver and disposed within the fluid pump housing, a backflow check system connected to the fluid pump housing, and an outflow check system controlling the pressure, volume of fluid flow, and direction of fluid flow to various other systems. The pump may be used to pump fluids other than seawater and may include features multiplying pumping mechanical advantage for a given tidal range.
Claims I claim: 1. A high pressure fluid pump, comprising: a pump housing adapted for attachment to a foundation on a bed of a body of water, the pump housing defining a pump chamber having an inlet and an outlet; upper and lower stops disposed in the pump chamber; an impeller having a one-way valve mechanism, the impeller being capable of reciprocating in the pump chamber between the upper and lower stops; a filter disposed at a lower end of the pump chamber adjacent the inlet; a float adapted for riding on the surface of the body of water, both vertically and horizontally; a tether connecting the float to the impeller, the tether extending through the pump housing; an outlet pipe connected to the pump chamber outlet; a backflow prevention valve disposed in the outlet pipe; a backwash and flushing pipe connected to the outlet pipe; and a motorized valve disposed in the backwash and flushing pipe, the backwash and flushing pipe directing pressurized fluid from the outlet pipe to the filter in the pump chamber to flush and clean the filter. 2. The high pressure fluid pump according to claim 1, further comprising a solar collector attached to said float, the solar collector providing power to the motorized valve in the backwash and flushing pipe. 3. The high pressure fluid pump of claim 1, further comprising a lever arm forming a tidal range multiplier and a cable attached to said float, the lever arm having a first and a second end, the first end being connected to said tether and the second end connected to the cable. 4. The high pressure fluid pump according to claim 1, wherein said one-way valve mechanism includes an adjustable counterweight disposed within the impeller to adjust pressure required to open the valve mechanism. 5. A high pressure fluid pump for use in a body of water, comprising: a pump housing adapted for attachment to a foundation on a bed of the body of water, the pump housing defining a pump chamber having an inlet and an outlet; an outlet pipe connected to the pump chamber outlet; a backflow prevention valve disposed in the outlet pipe; a pair of outer pulleys mounted adjacent the pump housing; a pair of inner pulleys mounted within the pump chamber; upper and lower stops disposed in the pump housing; an impeller having a one-way valve mechanism, the impeller being capable of reciprocation in the pump chamber between the upper and lower stops; a cable connecting each of the inner pulleys to the impeller; a float adapted for riding on the surface of the body of water, both vertically and horizontally; float cables extending towards the pump housing, each float cable having a first end connected to the float and a second end attached to one of the outer pulleys mounted adjacent the pump housing; and means for connecting the pair of outer pulleys to the pair of inner pulleys in a driving relationship. 6. The high pressure fluid pump according to claim 5, wherein said means for connecting said pair of outer pulleys to said pair of inner pulleys comprises a common shaft having said pair of outer pulleys and said pair of inner pulleys mounted thereon. 7. The high pressure fluid pump according to claim 5, wherein said means for connecting said pair of outer pulleys to said pair of inner pulleys comprises a spherical oscillating bearing mechanism attaching the pulleys to said shaft. 8. The high pressure fluid pump according to claim 5, wherein said one-way valve mechanism includes an adjustable counterweight disposed within the impeller to adjust pressure required to open the valve mechanism. 9. A high pressure fluid pump for use in a body of water, the pump comprising: a pump housing adapted for attachment to a foundation on a bed of the body of water, the pump housing defining a pump chamber having at least one inlet and at least one outlet; upper and lower stops disposed in the pump chamber; an impeller capable of reciprocating in the pump chamber between the upper and lower stops, the impeller being substantially solid and non-porous; a float adapted for riding on the surface of the body of water, both vertically and horizontally; at least one connection member connecting the float to the impeller, the at least one connection member extending into the pump chamber, wherein said at least one connection member comprises a plurality of connection members; a pair of outer pulleys mounted adjacent the pump housing, at least two of said connection members being connected to said float and the outer pulleys, each of the connection members baying a first end connected to said float and a second end attached to one of the outer pulleys, a pair of inner pulleys mounted within the pump chamber, each of said inner pulleys being connected to the impeller by one of said connection members, means for connecting the pair of outer pulleys to the pair of inner pulleys in a driving relationship; at least one inlet pipe connected to the at least one pump chamber inlet and below the lower stops; a backflow prevention valve disposed in the at least one inlet pipe; at least one outlet pipe connected to the at least one pump chamber outlet and below the lower stops; and a backflow prevention valve disposed in the at least one outlet pipe. 10. The high pressure fluid pump according to claim 9, further comprising a filter assembly attached to the float. 11. The high pressure fluid pump according to claim 10, wherein said filter assembly includes: a housing; at least one filter and a filter screen disposed within the filter housing; and a hinged access panel disposed atop of the filter housing, the panel allowing access to the at least one filter and the screen for maintenance, the panel being sealed to prevent air from entering said float. 12. The high pressure fluid pump according to claim 9, further comprising at least one motorized valve operatively connected to said at least one inlet pipe for regulating fluid flow through said inlet backflow prevention valve. 13. The high pressure fluid pump according to claim 9, wherein said impeller includes at least one edge seal for preventing respective fluid flow wound said impeller from above and below said impeller. 14. The high pressure fluid pump according to claim 9, wherein said means for connecting said pair of outer pulleys to said pair of inner pulleys comprises a common shaft having each of said outer pulleys and said inner pulleys mounted thereon. 15. The high pressure fluid pump according to claim 14, wherein said means for connecting said pair of outer pulleys to said pair of inner pulleys includes a spherical oscillating bearing mechanism mounting said pulleys to the shaft. 16. The high pressure fluid pump according to claim 9, further comprising a seal disposed between said outer pulleys and said inner pulleys, the seal being selected from the group consisting of a bearing and a flexible seal. 17. The high pressure fluid pump according to claim 9, wherein said at least one connection member comprises a plurality of connection members, the pump further comprising: at least one lever arm column disposed adjacent the pump housing; at least an upper cross brace and a lower cross brace between the at least one lever arm column and the pump housing to provide structural support therebetween; a pulley disposed at a distal end of the upper cross brace; and an elongated lever arm pivotally supported on the lever arm column, the lever arm having a short segment and a long segment, a first said connection members having one end attached said float and an opposite end attached to a distal end of the short segment and a second said connection member having one end attached to a distal end of the long segment, the second connection member being wound through the pulley and having an opposite end attached said impeller; wherein, for a given tidal range, operation of the lever arm via said float provides leverage for pumping a greater amount of fluid through the pump chamber. 18. The high pressure fluid pump according to claim 9, wherein said at least one connection member comprises a plurality of connection members, the pump further comprising: at least one support column disposed adjacent the pump housing; at least one cross brace disposed between the at least one support column and the pump housing to provide structural support therebetween; an outer pulley disposed outside the at least one support column, the outer pulley having a small diameter; an inner pulley having a large diameter; a common shaft, the inner and outer pulleys being coaxially mounted on the shaft; a first said connection member having one end attached said float and an opposite end operatively attached to said small outer pulley; and a second said connection member having one end operatively attached to said large inner pulley and an opposite end attached to said impeller; wherein, for a given tidal range, operation of the small outer pulley via said float concurrently rotates the large inner pulley to thereby provide leverage for pumping a greater amount of fluid through the pump chamber. 19. The high pressure fluid pump according to claim 9, wherein said impeller comprises: a substantially block shaped lower body adapted to reciprocate within said pump housing, said lower body having an outside edge; at least one seal surrounding the outside edge of said lower body; a substantially block shaped upper body adapted to connect to said at least one connection member; an elongated shaft connecting said upper body to said lower body; and a weight adjustment assembly disposed on top of said upper body. 