A system and method for prevention of erosion utilizing a sub-tidal platform designed to be lodged at a beachhead. The sub-tidal platform will be placed under water and will contain at least one or a plurality of main trusses exhibiting a curvilinear convex shape and containing a plurality of gates and at least one or a plurality of intermittent trusses exhibiting a curvilinear convex shape and containing a plurality of gates which, when in their closed position, decelerate material entrained with liquid and allow for deposit of said material in the spaces formed by the trusses.
Claims What is claimed: 1. A sub-tidal anti-erosion platform disposed to be submergably positioned at a beachhead comprising: a support structure comprising a plurality of curvilinear shaped members, and at least one main truss, statically joined by a sloping sediment control plate, wherein said at least one main truss further comprises: at least two vertically disposed side walls; and, a plurality of main gates comprising an arcuate configuration wherein the convex side of said gates are disposed away from an incoming flow of water; at least one intermittent truss disposed between said at least one main truss and comprising a plurality of intermittent gates comprising an arcuate configuration wherein the convex side of said gates are disposed away from an incoming flow of water. 2. The sub-tidal platform of claim 1 wherein said plurality of main gates are rotatably suspended from a series of interconnecting members. 3. The sub-tidal platform of claim 1 wherein said plurality of intermittent gates are rotatably suspended from a series of sediment control plates. 4. The sub-tidal platform of claim 1 wherein said main truss side walls further comprise a series of scoop protrusions. 5. The sub-tidal platform of claim 1 wherein said at least one main truss comprises two main trusses. 6. The sub-tidal platform of claim 1 wherein said at least one intermittent truss comprises two intermittent trusses. 7. The sub-tidal platform of claim 1 wherein said platform comprises an electrical charge sufficient to discourage the growth of marine life. 8. The sub-tidal platform of claim 1 wherein said plurality of main gates possess a scored or ribbed surface disposed on a convex side of said plurality of main gates. 9. The sub-tidal platform of claim 1 wherein said plurality of intermittent gates possess a scored or ribbed surface disposed on a convex side of said plurality of main gates. 10. The sub-tidal platform of claim 1 wherein said main trusses contain a communications device disposed substantially near a top most surface disposed to monitor the movement of the at least one main truss. 11. The sub-tidal platform of claim 1 wherein said main and said intermittent gates are disposed to sever from said main and said intermittent trusses upon application of excessive force. 12. The sub-tidal platform of claim 1 wherein said plurality of intermittent gates comprises a saw tooth configuration. 13. The sub-tidal platform of claim 1 wherein said plurality of intermittent gates and said plurality of main gates are rotatably attached to connecting rods. 14. The sub-tidal platform of claim 13 wherein at least one of said plurality of intermittent gates is geared to return to an initial position upon natural disposition by fluid flow. 15. The sub-tidal platform of claim 14 wherein at least one of said plurality of main gates is geared to return to an initial position upon natural disposition by fluid flow. 16. The sub-tidal platform of claim 15 wherein said return to said initial position is controlled at each of said individual gates. 17. The sub-tidal platform of claim 15 wherein said return to said initial position is controlled by at least one of said connecting rods. 18. The sub-tidal platform of claim 15 wherein said return to said initial position is controlled by a remote control system. 19. A sub-tidal platform disposed to be placed under water at a beachhead comprising: a main truss system comprising: a base; at least two vertically disposed support members; at least two interconnecting rodlike members; at least one large convex gate rotatably attached to said rodlike members; at least one large slotted convex gate rotatably attached to said rodlike members; an intermittent truss system comprising a multiplicity of small convex gates; at least one sediment control plate affixed to said base of said main truss and disposed with a slightly sloping angle with respect to said main truss in order initiate a sand trapping effect; and, wherein said at least one sediment control plate will be supported by said intermittent truss system and wherein said intermittent truss system which is disposed between said vertically disposed support members, sized and spaced to support the sediment control plate. 20. The sub-tidal platform of claim 19 wherein said multiplicity of small convex gates and said multiplicity of large convex gates comprise a saw tooth configuration. 21. The sub-tidal platform of claim 19 wherein said sub-tidal platform is fabricated from light-weight, rigid thermoplastic composite material. 22. The sub-tidal platform of claim 21 wherein said composite material is reinforced by a thermoplastic resin fiber composite. 23. The sub-tidal platform of claim 22 wherein said thermoplastic resin is selected from the group consisting of acetal, acrylics, acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene (abs), cellulosics, cellouse (organic), epoxy, fluoropolymer, melamine-formaldehyde, nylon, phenolic, polyamide-imide, polyarylates, polybutylene, polycarbonate, polyethylene, polyimides, polyketones, modified polyphenylene oxide, polyphenylene sulfide, polypropylene, polystyrene, polyurethanes, polyvinyl acetate (pvac), vinyls, polyvinyl chloride, styrene acrylonitrile, sulfone polymers, thermoplastic polyester (saturated) and unsaturated polyester. 24. The sub-tidal platform of claim 22 wherein said fiber is selected from the group consisting of pbo fiber, date palm fibers (dpf), carbon fiber, graphite, aramids (kevlar), glass fiber, steel fiber and stainless steel. 25. The sub-tidal platform of claim 24 wherein a communications device is installed substantially near the topmost surface of each main truss for to monitor movement of said sub-tidal platform in all directions. 26. The sub-tidal platform of claim 25 wherein power for said communications device is supplied by a source selected from the group consisting of solar ocean buoy, gate action harnessed via mechanical spring action to provide local `in situ` power supply, and an on-shore cable feed to STP array. 27. The sub-tidal platform of claim 25 wherein said communications device is in radio communication with a monitory program comprising local data collection including real-time video-surface and sub-surface-to provide constant input to a monitoring station locally, then to be transmitted or relayed to a central monitoring station. 