A method of forming a multifunction solar cell including an upper subcell, a middle subcell, and a lower subcell by providing a first substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming a first solar subcell on the substrate having a first band gap; forming a second solar subcell over the first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than the first band gap; forming a graded interlayer over the second subcell, the graded interlayer having a third band gap greater than the second band gap; forming a third solar subcell over the graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than the second band gap such that the third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to the second subcell; attaching a surrogate second substrate over the third solar subcell and removing the first substrate; and etching a first trough around the periphery of the solar cell to the surrogate second substrate so as to form a mesa structure on the surrogate second substrate and facilitate the removal of said solar cell from the surrogate second substrate.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first semiconductor substrate; depositing on a first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell including a metal contact layer; mounting a surrogate second substrate on top of the sequence of layers; removing the first substrate; simultaneously etching first and second troughs around the periphery of said solar cell wherein the first trough lies within the second trough so as to form first and second mesa structures on the surrogate second substrate; and etching said second trough down to said metal contact layer. 2. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the sequence of layers of semiconductor material forms a triple junction solar cell, including top, middle and bottom solar subcells. 3. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the mounting step includes adhering the solar cell to the surrogate substrate. 4. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the surrogate substrate is selected from the group of sapphire, Ge, GaAs, or silicon. 5. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the solar cell is bonded to said surrogate substrate by an adhesive. 6. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the solar cell is bonded to the surrogate substrate. 7. The method as defined in claim 1, further comprising thinning the surrogate substrate to a predetermined thickness. 8. The method as defined in claim 1, further mounting the solar cell on a rigid coverglass; and removing the surrogate substrate. 9. A method as defined in claim 2, wherein said middle and bottom subcells are lattice mismatched. 10. A method as defined in claim 2, further comprising a graded interlayer disposed between said middle and bottom subcells, and has a band gap greater than the band gap of said middle subcell. 11. A method as defined in claim 10, wherein said graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the middle subcell and less than or equal to that of the bottom subcell. 12. A method as defined in claim 10, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.y Al.sub.1-y As, with x and y selected such that the band gap of the interlayer remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV. 