A hummingbird feeder includes a solar panel power source for illuminating a reservoir of liquid hummingbird food so that the hummingbird can find it at night. The solar panel itself preferably hangs below the feeder in a flexible manner so that it can collect the maximum amount of sunlight and swing in the breeze. An LED attached to the solar power source is positioned to illuminate the liquid reservoir from within the reservoir. The parts that comprise the feeder are easily disassembled for washing and cleaning.
Claims I claim: 1. A flying-animal feeding apparatus having a top and a bottom, said apparatus comprising: an at least partly light-transmissive reservoir for holding a liquid to be consumed by at least one animal that is capable of flight; at least one light source attached to said apparatus for illuminating at least part of said liquid within said reservoir; connections for a battery means to power said at least one light source; an activation circuit to provide power to said at least one light source only at low light levels; and a solar cell means connected to said battery means for charging said battery means. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said reservoir is substantially enclosed. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein said reservoir includes an upper and a lower portion such that said at least one light source illuminates at least part of said upper portion. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 further comprising: a weight sensing detector means attached to said apparatus and said control circuit means for detecting when said reservoir needs to be refilled with said liquid; and wherein said at least one light source illuminates to indicate that said reservoir needs to be refilled with said liquid. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said solar cell means is located below said reservoir. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein said solar cell means is suspended by flexible wires below said reservoir. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said at least one light source comprises at least one diode that emits light. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein said at least one diode that emits light comprises at least one diode that emits light significantly in the ultraviolet light spectrum and wherein said reservoir contains material that exhibits luminescence after excitation by said light significantly in the ultraviolet light spectrum. 9. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein said at least one diode that emits light comprises at a first diode that emits light in a first wavelength and at least a second diode that emits light in a second wavelength. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said at least one light source is located adjacent to said reservoir. 11. The apparatus of claim 10 wherein said reservoir has a wall and said at least one light source is mounted in said wall. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: attachment means connected to said apparatus; and, mounting means connectable to said attachment means for suspending said apparatus. 13. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: coupling means for attaching said reservoir to said apparatus, wherein said coupling means can be manipulated by a user so that said reservoir may be removed from said apparatus. 14. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: coupling means for attaching said at least one light source to said apparatus, wherein said coupling means can be manipulated by a user so that said light source may be removed from said apparatus. 15. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising an at least partially light-transmissive lens covering at least part of said at least one light source. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, further comprising a riser portion for positioning said connections above a ground surface. 17. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein during use, said liquid at least partially fills said reservoir up to a level such that when said at least one light source illuminates said reservoir, such that said liquid is at least partly illuminated such that said level may be discerned by a user. 18. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising securing means for locating said apparatus in a substantially fixed position above a ground surface. 19. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein said securing means is a ground spike for positioning said connections above a ground surface. 20. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein said securing means is a suspension ring. 21. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a canopy above said reservoir and wherein said at least one light source illuminates at least part of the interior of said reservoir. 22. The apparatus of claim 21, further comprising at least one conductive reservoir cable having an upper end attached to said canopy and a lower end, wherein said reservoir is connected to said lower end and suspended below said canopy and wherein said canopy supports said solar cell means. 23. The apparatus of claim 21 wherein some illumination from said light source is reflected by at least part of said liquid in said reservoir and emitted outwards through a portion of said reservoir. 24. The apparatus of claim 23 further comprising a connector; wherein at least one light source is at least partially disposed within said connector. 25. The apparatus of claim 24, wherein said connector has securing means to support said reservoir without detaching through force of gravity. 26. An apparatus for use with a liquid-fillable flying-animal feeder comprising: at least one light source attached to said apparatus for illuminating at least part of a liquid within said liquid-fillable flying-animal feeder; electrical connections for a battery means to power said at least one light source; an activation circuit to power said at least one light source only at low light levels; a solar cell means connected to said battery means for charging said battery means; positioning means for positioning said at least one light source relative to said liquid-fillable flying-animal feeder; and mechanical connection means for releasably connecting said at least one light source to said liquid-fillable flying-animal feeder. 27. The apparatus of claim 26, wherein said mechanical connection means comprises a resilient plug portion for releasably inserting said at least one light source into an aperture in said feeder. 28. The apparatus of claim 26 wherein at least one light source is positioned within said mechanical connection means. 29. The apparatus of claim 28, wherein said mechanical connection means has securing means to support said reservoir without detaching through force of gravity. 30. The apparatus of claim 29 wherein said solar cell means is flexibly suspended below said at least one light source. 31. The apparatus of claim 30 wherein said battery means is located below said at least one light source. 32. The apparatus of claim 26, further comprising a post. 33. The apparatus of claim 26 wherein said solar cell means is located below said at least one light source. 34. An apparatus for illuminating the food reservoir of a flying-animal feeder comprising: at least one light source attached to said apparatus for illuminating at least part of said food reservoir; electrical connections for a battery means to power said at least one light source, wherein said electrical connections are located below said at least one light source; an activation circuit to power said at least one light source only at low light levels; a solar cell means connected to said battery means for charging said battery means and wherein said solar cell means is flexibly suspended below said at least one light source; and positioning means for positioning said at least one light source relative to said food reservoir. 35. The apparatus of claim 34, further comprising mechanical connection means for releasably connecting said solar cell means to said flying-animal feeder. 36. The apparatus of claim 34 wherein said electrical connections are flexibly suspended below said at least one light source. 