There is disclosed a method of producing a solar cell module comprising the steps of: mounting a body to be laminated onto a tabular member, carrying in the body to be laminated along with the tabular member onto a heated mounting board; heat-bonding the body to be laminated by pressing with an expanding unit; carrying out the body to be laminated along with the tabular member from the mounting board after parting the expanding unit from the body to be laminated; and separating the body to be laminated from the tabular member. By using the method, a temperature of the body to be laminated does not increase rapidly and a foaming phenomenon is suppressed, thereby allowing manufacturing of the solar cell module with a high yield.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of producing a solar cell module having a laminating step, in which a body to be laminated comprising of photovoltaic devices and a sealing member is mounted on a mounting board heated at a predetermined temperature and the body to be laminated is heat-bonded by pressing with a diaphragm, the method comprising the steps of: mounting the body to be laminated on a tabular member; carrying in the body to be laminated along with the tabular member onto the mounting board; heat-bonding the body to be laminated by pressing using the diaphragm; carrying out the body to be laminated along with the tabular member from the mounting board after separating the diaphragm from the body to be laminated; and separating the body to be laminated from the tabular member, wherein the diaphragm is provided opposite to the mounting board heated at a predetermined temperature, and the diaphragm applies pressure on the body to be laminated which is sandwiched between the diaphragm and the mounting board, wherein the diaphragm is directly cooled by a fan after carrying out the body, wherein another body to be laminated is carried in along with another tabular member onto the mounting board after cooling the diaphragm, and wherein a release sheet is arranged between the tabular member and the body to be laminated, and the release sheet has an irregular form on a surface for allowing efficient ejection of air from the body. 2. The method of producing a solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the tabular member has an irregular form on a surface while the surface of the tabular member is subjected to release treatment to allow separation of the body to be laminated, or a release film following the irregular form is arranged on the surface of the tabular member. 3. The method of producing a solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein a temperature of the mounting board is 160.degree. C. or more. 4. The method of producing a solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein organic peroxide is blended as a cross-linking agent in at least one of the sealing members, and a 1-hour half-life temperature of the organic peroxide is 115.degree. C. or less. 5. The method of producing a solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the release sheet is impregnated with a fluororesin. 