A fluid quality monitoring apparatus (100) comprising a fluid flow channel (120) having a photo sensing material (104) disposed upon a first surface and a light source emitting light (132) through an opposing light transitive surface (106). The condition of the fluid affects the absorption and reflection of the light. The penetrating light is received by the photo sensing material (104), which provides an output that can be utilized to analyze the condition of the fluid. The light can be provided via a plurality of LEDS, the incorporation of a radially distributed series of fiber optic strands, or any other light source. The sensing material can include defraction gratings, improving the monitoring process. The sensing material can be incorporated in a variety of configurations. The apparatus is preferably designed to be integrated between a fluid filter and the respective filter mounting bracket.
Claims We claim: 1. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus, the apparatus comprising: an outer tubular structure having an exterior wall surface and an interior wall surface; an inner tubular structure disposed within a hollow region formed within the outer tubular structure, the inner tubular structure having an exterior wall surface, wherein the inner tubular structure is light permissive; a fluid passageway formed between the interior wall surface of the outer tubular structure and the exterior wall surface of the inner tubular structure for free flowing conveyance of a subject fluid for testing; a photovoltaic material applied to a majority of a circumferential section of either surface of the outer tubular structure; an illumination source assembly having a light emitting member being located within the inner tubular structure to project emitted light through the inner tubular structure directed directly towards the photovoltaic material; and an output conduit in electrical communication for an electrical output signal from the photovoltaic material to a quality monitoring apparatus. 2. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 1, the apparatus further comprising a diffraction grating provided upon the photovoltaic material. 3. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 1, the apparatus further comprising a diffraction grating formed upon an exposed surface of the photovoltaic material. 4. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus, the apparatus comprising: an outer tubular structure having an exterior wall surface and an interior wall surface; an inner tubular structure disposed within a hollow region formed within the outer tubular structure, the inner tubular structure having an exterior wall surface, wherein the inner tubular structure is light permissive; a fluid passageway formed between the interior wall surface of the outer tubular structure and the exterior wall surface of the inner tubular structure for free flowing conveyance of a subject fluid for testing; a photovoltaic material applied to either surface of the outer tubular structure; an illumination source assembly having a light emitting member being located within the inner tubular structure to project emitted light through the inner tubular structure directed directly towards the photovoltaic material; an output conduit providing electrical communication for an electrical output signal from the photovoltaic material to a quality monitoring apparatus. 5. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 4, the apparatus further comprising a diffraction grating provided upon the photovoltaic material. 6. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 4, the apparatus further comprising a generator having a fluid lubrication system, wherein the fluid lubrication system is in fluid communication with the fluid flow passageway. 7. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 4, the apparatus further comprising at least one interior fluid passageway within an interior of the inner tubular structure. 8. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 7, the apparatus further comprising a generator having a fluid lubrication system, wherein the fluid lubrication system is in fluid communication with the fluid flow passageway and the at least one interior flow port. 9. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 4, wherein the illumination source is provided within an illumination assembly having an illumination base substrate, at least one illumination source and an electrical conductor providing electrical power from a power source interface to each at least one illumination source. 10. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 9, the apparatus comprising a plurality of illumination assemblies distributed having a spatial relation along an axial direction of the tubular structure adjacent to the plurality of illumination assemblies. 11. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 10, wherein the light emitted from each of the plurality of illumination assemblies is directed towards a unique portion of the photovoltaic material. 12. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 11, the photovoltaic material is segregated into a plurality of sections, wherein at least two sections sense different properties. 13. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus, the apparatus comprising: an outer tubular structure having an exterior wall surface and an interior wall surface; an inner tubular structure disposed within a hollow region formed within the outer tubular structure, the inner tubular structure having an exterior wall surface; a fluid passageway formed between the interior wall surface of the outer tubular structure and the exterior wall surface of the inner tubular structure for free flowing conveyance of a subject fluid for testing; a fluid inlet port located at an entrance end of the fluid passage and a fluid exit port located at a discharge end; a photovoltaic material applied to either surface of the outer tubular structure; an illumination source assembly having a light emitting member being located within the inner tubular structure to project emitted light through the inner tubular structure directed directly towards the photovoltaic material; and an output conduit providing electrical communication for an electrical output signal from the photovoltaic material to a quality monitoring apparatus; and a coupling interface for integrating the fluid quality monitoring apparatus into fluid communication with an engine lubrication filtration system. 14. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 13, the apparatus further comprising a diffraction grating provided upon the photovoltaic material. 15. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 13, the apparatus further comprising a flow path within an interior portion of the inner tubular structure. 16. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 15, the apparatus further comprising a generator having a fluid lubrication system, wherein the fluid lubrication system is in fluid communication with the fluid flow passageway. 17. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 13, wherein the outer tubular structure is not parallel with the inner tubular structure, providing a change in flow rates. 