A fluid quality monitoring apparatus (100) comprising a fluid flow channel (120) having a photo sensing material (104) disposed upon a first surface and a light source emitting light (132) through an opposing light transitive surface (106). The condition of the fluid affects the absorption and reflection of the light. The penetrating light is received by the photo sensing material (104), which provides an output that can be utilized to analyze the condition of the fluid. The light can be provided via a plurality of LEDS, the incorporation of a radially distributed series of fiber optic strands, or any other light source. The sensing material can include defraction gratings, improving the monitoring process. The sensing material can be incorporated in a variety of configurations. The apparatus is preferably designed to be integrated between a fluid filter and the respective filter mounting bracket.
Claims We claim: 1. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus, the apparatus comprising: an outer tubular structure having an exterior wall surface and an interior wall surface; an inner tubular structure disposed within a hollow region formed within the outer tubular structure, the inner tubular structure having an exterior wall surface, wherein the inner tubular structure is light permissive; a fluid passageway formed between the interior wall surface of the outer tubular structure and the exterior wall surface of the inner tubular structure for free flowing conveyance of a subject fluid for testing; a photovoltaic material applied to a majority of a circumferential section of either surface of the outer tubular structure; an illumination source assembly comprising an illumination source and a plurality of fiber optic strands, wherein emitting ends of the fiber optic strands are located proximate the inner tubular structure interior wall surface, wherein the fiber optic strands transfer emitted light from the illumination source to the emitting ends and projects the light from the emitting ends, through the subject fluid, and towards the photovoltaic material; and an output conduit providing electrical communication for an electrical output signal from the photovoltaic material to a quality monitoring apparatus. 2. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 1, the apparatus further comprising a diffraction grating provided upon the photovoltaic material. 3. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein the illumination source assembly is positioned within an interior of the inner tubular structure; wherein the plurality of fiber optic strands is arranged in a radial pattern each strand extending from a centrally located light source having the emitting ends positioned about a portion of a perimeter of the surface of the inner tubular structure providing a light conduit between the illumination source and a location proximate the inner tubular structure; and wherein the photovoltaic material is applied to a surface of the outer tubular structure about a portion of a perimeter of the surface of the outer tubular structure being relational to the positioned emitting ends. 4. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 1, the monitoring apparatus further comprising a substance control sample of the subject fluid enclosure positioned within a portion of the flow passageway, wherein said substance control sample is a sample of said subject fluid having a known quality level. 5. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus, the apparatus comprising: an outer tubular structure having an exterior wall surface and an interior wall surface; an inner tubular structure disposed within a hollow region formed within the outer tubular structure, the inner tubular structure having an exterior wall surface and an interior surface, wherein the inner tubular structure is light permissive; a free flowing fluid passageway formed between the interior wall surface of the outer tubular structure and the exterior wall surface of the inner tubular structure for conveyance of a subject fluid for testing; a fluid inlet port located at an entrance end of the fluid passageway and a fluid exit port located at an exit end; a photovoltaic material applied to either outer tubular structure wall surface; an illumination source assembly comprising an illumination source and a plurality of fiber optic strands, wherein the illumination source assembly is located within a hollow region formed by the inner tubular structure and the emitting ends of the fiber optic strands are located proximate the inner tubular structure interior surface, wherein the fiber optic strands transfer emitted light from the illumination source to the emitting ends and projects the light from the emitting ends, through the subject fluid, and towards the photovoltaic material; and an output conduit providing electrical communication for an electrical output signal from the photovoltaic material to a quality monitoring apparatus. 6. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 5, the apparatus further comprising a diffraction grating provided upon the photovoltaic material. 7. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 5, the apparatus further comprising a generator having a fluid lubrication system, wherein the fluid lubrication system is in fluid communication with the fluid flow passageway. 8. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 5, the apparatus further comprising at least one interior flow port passing through the illumination source assembly. 9. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 8, the apparatus further comprising a generator having a fluid lubrication system, wherein the fluid lubrication system is in fluid communication with the fluid flow passageway and the at least one interior flow port. 10. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 5, wherein the plurality of fiber optic strands is arranged in a radial pattern, each strand extending from a centrally located light source having the emitting ends positioned about a portion of a perimeter of the surface of the inner tubular structure providing a light conduit between the illumination source and a location proximate the inner tubular structure; and wherein the photovoltaic material is applied to a surface of the outer tubular structure about a portion of a perimeter of the surface of the outer tubular structure being relational to the positioned emitting ends. 11. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 5, wherein the illumination source assembly is assembled to the monitoring apparatus in a manner allowing the illumination source assembly to wobble. 12. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 5, the photovoltaic material is segregated into a plurality of sections, wherein at least two sections sense different properties. 13. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus, the apparatus comprising: an outer tubular structure having an exterior wall surface and an interior wall surface; an inner tubular structure disposed within a hollow region formed within the outer tubular structure, the inner tubular structure having an exterior wall surface and an interior wall surface wherein the inner tubular structure is light permissive; a free flowing fluid passageway formed between the interior wall surface of the outer tubular structure and the exterior wall surface of the inner tubular structure for conveyance of a subject fluid for testing; a fluid inlet port located at an entrance end of the fluid passageway and a fluid exit port located at an exit end; a photovoltaic material applied to either outer tubular structure wall surface; an illumination source assembly comprising an illumination source and a plurality of fiber optic strands, wherein emitting ends of the fiber optic strands are located proximate the inner tubular structure interior surface, wherein the fiber optic strands transfer emitted light from the illumination source to the emitting ends and projects the light from the emitting ends, through the subject fluid, and towards the photovoltaic material; wherein the illumination source assembly is located within an interior region of the inner tubular structure; an output conduit providing electrical communication for an electrical output signal from the photovoltaic material to a quality monitoring apparatus; and a coupling interface for integrating the fluid quality monitoring apparatus into fluid communication with an engine lubrication filtration system. 14. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 13, the apparatus further comprising a diffraction grating provided upon the photovoltaic material. 15. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 13, wherein the plurality of fiber optic strands is arranged in a radial pattern, each strand extending from a centrally located light source having the emitting ends positioned about a portion of a perimeter of the surface of the inner tubular structure providing a light conduit between the illumination source and a location proximate the inner tubular structure; and wherein the photovoltaic material is applied to a surface of the outer tubular structure about a portion of a perimeter of the surface of the outer tubular structure being relational to the positioned emitting ends. 16. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 13, the apparatus further comprising at least one flow port passing through the illumination source assembly. 17. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 16, the apparatus further comprising a generator having a fluid lubrication system, wherein the fluid lubrication system is in fluid communication with the fluid flow path. 18. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 13, wherein the outer tubular structure is not parallel with the inner tubular structure, providing a change in flow rates. 19. A fluid quality monitoring apparatus as recited in claim 13, the apparatus further comprising: an illumination management lower substrate located within an interior portion of the inner tubular structure on a first side of the illumination source assembly; an illumination management upper substrate within an interior portion of the inner tubular structure on a side opposing the first side of the illumination source assembly; at least one interface located between the illumination management upper substrate and the illumination management lower substrate; wherein the illumination management upper substrate, the illumination management lower substrate, and the at least one interface disposed there between provides an encapsulation isolating the illumination source assembly from any fluid. 