A carpenter bee trap having a housing that contains a hole, an electrode in proximity to the hole, and a power source connected to the electrode. The hole is of a size similar to the size holes that carpenter bees normally make, thus attracting the carpenter bees to the hole. The carpenter bees will enter the hole, and make contact with an electrode. The electrode is energized through connection with a power source. In one embodiment, the power source includes a photovoltaic panel. Once the carpenter bee makes contact with the electrode, a high voltage discharge will take place through the body of the carpenter bee, thus killing the carpenter bee. The carpenter bee will then fall from the hole, and the trap will be ready for the next carpenter bee to enter.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electronic insect trap comprising a housing having a top, a bottom extending within a horizontal plane, and a generally round hole that extends through the bottom of said housing for the entry of insects, said hole being open to and communicating with the ambient enviroment and of a size similar to the holes normally made by carpenter bees, an entry hole area constituting less than 25% of an area of a lower exterior surface of the housing, an electrode assembly within the housing and in proximity to said hole, and a power source electronically connected to said electrode assembly; and wherein light cannot pass through any other part of the insect trap except for the entry hole. 2. The electronic insect trap of claim 1, wherein the hole has a diameter within the range of from about 5/16 inch to about 3/4 inch. 3. The electronic insect trap of claim 1, wherein the housing is made from wood. 4. The electronic insect trap of claim 1, wherein the housing is made from a plastic. 5. The electronic insect trap of claim 1, wherein the power source is a battery. 6. The electronic insect trap of claim 1, wherein the power source is an ultracapacitor. 7. The electronic insect trap of claim 1, further including a solar panel operatively connected to the power source. 8. The electronic insect trap of claim 1, wherein the power source is a solar panel. 9. The electronic insect trap of claim 1, further including mounting clamps attached to said housing for attaching the carpenter bee trap to a structure. 10. A carpenter bee trap comprising a housing having a top, a bottom extending within a horizontal plane, and a generally round entry hole that extends through the bottom of the housing to entice carpenter bees to enter the housing, said entry hole being open to and communicating with the ambient enviroment and of a size similar to the holes normally made by carpenter bees, an entry hole area constituting less than 25% of an area of a lower exterior surface of the housing, an electrode assembly within the housing and in proximity to said hole, and a power source electronically connected to said electrode assembly; and wherein light cannot pass through any other part of the carpenter bee trap except for the entry hole. 11. A carpenter bee trap comprising a housing having a top, a bottom extending within a horizontal plane, and a generally round entry hole that extends through the bottom of the housing to entice carpenter bees to enter the housing, said entry hole being open to and communicating with the ambient enviroment and of a size similar to the holes normally made by carpenter bees, an entry hole area constituting less than 25% of an area of the bottom of the housing, an electrode assembly within the housing and in proximity to said hole, and a power source electronically connected to said electrode assembly; and wherein light cannot pass through any other part of the carpenter bee trap except for the entry hole. 12. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein the hole has a diameter within the range of from about 5/16 inch to about 3/4 inch. 13. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein the housing is made from wood. 14. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein the housing is made from a plastic. 15. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein the power source is a battery. 16. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein the power source is an ultracapacitor. 17. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, further including a solar panel operatively connected to the power source. 18. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein the power source is a solar panel. 19. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, further including mounting clamps attached to said housing for attaching the carpenter bee trap to a structure. 20. The carpenter bee trap of claim 19, wherein the mounting clamps are gutter clamps. 