A solar powered aerial vehicle includes an elongated airframe incorporating lifting and control surfaces, a mechanism for propelling the airframe through the air such that lift developed by the lifting surface is equal to or greater than the weight of the aerial vehicle, a planar solar sail coupled to the airframe and having at least one surface adapted to collect solar energy during the day and to power the propelling mechanism with a first portion of the energy collected, and an apparatus such as a fuel cell/electrolyzer for storing a second portion of the solar energy collected by the solar sail during the day and for powering the propelling mechanism with the second portion of energy during the night. The vehicle is capable of continuous operation at northern latitudes and during the winter months for extended periods without landing or refueling.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar powered aerial vehicle, comprising: an elongated airframe having a roll axis and incorporating lifting and control surfaces; a mechanism for propelling the airframe through the air such that lift developed by the lifting surface is equal to or greater than the weight of the vehicle; a planar solar panel rotatably coupled to the airframe and lying in a plane passing through the roll axis thereof, the panel having solar cells mounted on one side and being arranged to rotate about the roll axis and relative to the airframe while maintaining the lifting surface constantly horizontal such that the side of the panel mounting the solar cells continuously tracks the elevation of the sun during the day while the vehicle remains disposed in level flight so as to collect solar energy during the day and to power the propelling mechanism with a first portion of the energy collected; an X-tail having two laterally extending surfaces disposed perpendicular to each other and coupled to an aft end of the airframe, one of the two surfaces having solar cells mounted on one side thereof; and, an apparatus for storing a second portion of the solar energy collected by the solar panel and the X-tail during the day and for powering the propelling mechanism with the stored second portion of energy during the night. 2. The aerial vehicle of claim 1, wherein the solar panel is arranged to rotate through an angle of at least about 180 degrees. 3. The aerial vehicle of claim 1, wherein the X-tail is arranged to rotate about the roll axis of the airframe such that the side of the one surface mounting the solar cells continuously tracks the elevation of the sun during the day while the vehicle remains disposed in level flight, and such that the X-tail provides yaw and pitch control and stability to the aerial vehicle during flight. 4. The aerial vehicle of claim 3, wherein the X-tail is arranged to rotate through an angle of at least about 180 degrees. 5. The aerial vehicle of claim 1, wherein the lifting surface comprises a high aspect ratio wing having solar cells mounted on an upper surface thereof. 6. The aerial vehicle of claim 1, wherein the energy storage apparatus comprises a rechargeable battery or a Solid Oxide Fuel Cell (SOFC) and electrolyzer. 7. The aerial vehicle of claim 1, further comprising a payload and control housing disposed at a nose end of the airframe. 8. The aerial vehicle of claim 1, wherein the vehicle comprises an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV). 9. An apparatus for increasing the amount of solar power collected by a solar powered aerial vehicle, comprising: a planar solar panel adapted to be coupled to a fuselage of the vehicle in a plane extending through the roll axis thereof, the solar panel having solar cells mounted on one side thereof and being arranged to rotate about the roll axis and relative to the vehicle such that the side of the panel mounting the solar cells continuously tracks the elevation of the sun during the day while the vehicle remains disposed in level flight; and, an X-tail having two laterally extending aerodynamic surfaces disposed perpendicular to each other and rotatably coupled to an aft end of the fuselage, one of the two surfaces having a solar cell mounted on one side thereof. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the solar panel is capable of rotating through an angle of at least about 180 degrees. 11. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the X-tail is arranged to rotate about the roll axis of the vehicle such that the side of the one surface mounting the solar cell continuously tracks the elevation of the sun during the day while the vehicle remains disposed in level flight. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the X-tail is capable of rotating through an angle of at least about 180 degrees. 13. A method of powering an unmanned solar powered aerial vehicle (USPAY) continuously at high latitudes and during the winter months, the method comprising: coupling a flat panel to a fuselage of the USPAY for rotation about a roll axis thereof, the panel lying in plane passing through the roll axis of the USPAY and having solar cells mounted on one side thereof; rotating the panel about the roll axis of the USPAY while the USPAY remains disposed in level flight such that the side of the panel mounting the solar cells continuously tracks the elevation of the sun during the day and the solar cells collect solar energy therefrom; using a first portion of the energy collected to power the USPAY during the day; storing a second portion of the energy collected; and, using the stored second portion of energy to power the USPAY during the night. 14. The method of claim 13, further comprising: coupling two perpendicular, laterally extending aerodynamic surfaces to a tail end of the fuselage for rotation about the roll axis thereof, one of the two surfaces having solar cells mounted on one side thereof; rotating the two surfaces about a roll axis of the vehicle while the USPAY remains disposed in level flight such that the side of the one surface mounting the solar cells continuously tracks the elevation of the sun during the day and the solar cells collect solar energy therefrom using a first portion of the energy collected to power the USPAY during the day; storing a second portion of the energy collected; using the stored second portion of energy to power the USPAY during the night, and, controlling the pitch and yaw of the USPAY with the two surfaces. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein storing a second portion of the energy collected comprises making hydrogen in an electrolyzer. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein using the stored second portion of energy comprises generating electricity from the hydrogen and air in a fuel cell. 