A battery charger includes a first charging circuit controlling input power to charge an external battery detachably mounted to the charger; an internal secondary battery charged by the input power; a charge/discharge control circuit for charging the internal battery by the input power and controlling a charge of the internal battery; and a control circuit for controlling an operative state of the first charging circuit and the charge/discharge control circuit. The charger serves to charge the detachably mounted external battery both by the input power and by the power from the internal battery. The charger is so structured that when the input power is not in an inputted state, the control circuit supplies the electric power from the internal battery to the charge/discharge control circuit where an operative state of the internal battery is controlled, thus discharging the internal battery to charge the external battery.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A battery charger comprising: a first charging circuit for controlling input power to charge an external battery which is detachably mounted to the battery charger; an internal secondary battery which can be charged by the input power; a charge/discharge control circuit for charging the internal secondary battery by the input power and controlling a discharge of the internal secondary battery; and a control circuit for controlling an operative state of the first charging circuit and the charge/discharge control circuit, wherein the battery charger serves to charge the detachably mounted external battery by means of the input power as well as by means of the internal secondary battery, wherein the battery charger is so constructed and arranged that when the input power is not in a state of being inputted to the battery charger, the control circuit supplies electric power from the internal secondary battery to the charge/discharge control circuit in an operative state, so that the charge/discharge control circuit in its operative state controls a discharging state of the internal secondary battery, and thus the internal secondary battery is discharged, so that the external battery is charged by using the discharged electric power from the internal secondary battery, and wherein the charge/discharge control circuit includes a charge switch for controlling charging of the external battery with the internal secondary battery, the charge switch being manually selectable between ON and OFF when the external battery is mounted to the battery charger. 2. The battery charger as recited in claim 1, further comprising a DC-DC converter for converting an output voltage from the internal secondary battery. 3. The battery charger as recited in claim 1, further comprising a main electric power source circuit for outputting a DC voltage for charging the external battery, wherein the main electric power source circuit uses an input power from a commercial power supply. 4. The battery charger as recited in claim 1, wherein the first charge circuit is provided with a sub charging circuit for charging the internal secondary battery by supplying the electric power to the internal secondary battery from the external battery, so that the sub charging circuit enables the internal secondary battery to be charged from the external battery. 5. The battery charger as recited in claim 1, further comprising a main electric power source circuit for outputting the DC voltage for charging the external battery, wherein the main electric power source circuit is an AC adaptor. 6. The battery charger as recited in claim 1, further comprising a main electric power source circuit for outputting the DC voltage for charging the external battery, wherein the main electric power source circuit is a solar battery. 7. The battery charger as recited in claim 1, wherein the internal secondary battery is a lithium-ion secondary battery. 8. The battery charger as recited in claim 1, further comprising a casing, wherein a mounting portion for detachably mounting a mobile electronic device is provided on an upper face of the casing, and wherein in a state where the mobile electronic device is mounted on the mounting portion, the battery charger serves to charge an external battery which is a secondary battery built in the mobile electric device. 9. The battery charger as recited in claim 1, wherein the external battery is used as a secondary battery incorporated in a battery pack which is detachably mounted to the mobile electronic device. 10. The battery charger as recited in claim 1, wherein the external battery is one selected from the group consisting of a lithium-ion secondary battery, a nickel-hydrogen battery and a nickel-cadmium battery. 11. The battery charger as recited in claim 1, wherein the control circuit is supplied with electric power from the internal secondary battery in order to control charging of the external battery with power from the internal secondary battery under a condition where no input power is supplied to the battery charger. 12. The battery charger as recited in claim 1, wherein the control circuit is operable to detect a residual capacity of the internal secondary battery, and to make the charge/discharge control circuit inoperative when the detected residual capacity of the internal secondary battery is smaller than a set capacity for charging the external battery. 13. A battery charger comprising: a first charging circuit for controlling input power to charge an external battery which is detachably mounted to the battery charger; an internal secondary battery which can be charged by the input power; a charge/discharge control circuit for charging the internal secondary battery by the input power and controlling a discharge of the internal secondary battery; and a control circuit for controlling an operative state of the first charging circuit and the charge/discharge control circuit, wherein the battery charger serves to charge the detachably mounted external battery by means of the input power as well as by means of electric power from the internal secondary battery, wherein the battery charger is so constructed and arranged that when the input power is not being inputted to the battery charger, the control circuit supplies electric power from the internal secondary battery to the charge/discharge control circuit so that the charge/discharge control circuit in an operative state thereof controls a discharging state of the internal secondary battery, and thus the internal secondary battery is discharged so that the external battery is charged by using the discharged electric power, and wherein the first charge circuit is provided with a sub charging circuit for charging the internal secondary battery by supplying electric power to the internal secondary battery from the external battery so that the sub charging circuit enables the internal secondary battery to be charged by the external battery. 