A method for minimizing risk of explosion using centralized communication with a decentralized hydrogen generation network to regulate hydrogen production by at least one hydrogen generating device, comprising the steps of: forming an administrator interface for centralized communication with dispatchable and/or non-dispatchable power sources and at least one hydrogen generating device, and forming a dynamic information database for collecting and storing identification and/or discretionary power consumption information of hydrogen generating devices and dispatchable and/or non-dispatchable power source information. Power is then selectively transferred from dispatchable and/or non-dispatchable power sources to hydrogen generating devices using the administrator interface to provide centralized management of hydrogen production. At least one message is transmitted to at least one hydrogen generating device for activation, deactivation, or decentralized hydrogen storage management, and at least one response is received from the hydrogen generating device for regulating hydrogen production.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for minimizing risk of explosion using centralized communication with a decentralized hydrogen generation network to regulate hydrogen production by at least one hydrogen generating device, comprising the steps of: forming an administrator interface for centralized communication with: a. at least one dispatchable power source, at least one non-dispatchable power source, or combinations thereof; and b. at least one hydrogen generating device; forming a dynamic information database in communication with the administrator interface for collecting and storing: a. at least one hydrogen generating device identification for the at least one hydrogen generating device, discretionary power consumption information of the at least one hydrogen generating device, or combinations thereof; and b. dispatchable power source information for the at least one dispatchable power source, non-dispatchable power source information for the at least one non-dispatchable power source, or combinations thereof; selectively transferring power from the at least one dispatchable power source, at least one non-dispatchable power source, or combinations thereof to the at least one hydrogen generating device using the administrator interface to provide centralized management of hydrogen production; transmitting at least one message to the at least one hydrogen generating device through at least one industry standard protocol, wherein the at least one message is for activating the at least one hydrogen generating device, deactivating the at least one hydrogen generating device, managing decentralized storage of hydrogen, or combinations thereof; and receiving at least one response from the at least one hydrogen generating device for regulating hydrogen production. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of transmitting the at least one message to at least one user contact device in communication with the administrator interface, wherein the step of forming the dynamic information database further comprises inputting user contact device information for the at least one user contact device in the dynamic information database. 3. The method of claim 2, further comprising the step of receiving at least one user response from the at least one user contact device through the at least one industry standard protocol to the dynamic information database. 4. The method of claim 3, further comprising providing at least one user message from the at least one user contact device to the administrator interface to disable or enable the at least one hydrogen generating device on demand. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of monitoring the at least one hydrogen generating device and managing use of the at least one dispatchable power source, the at least one non-dispatchable power source, or combinations thereof for tracking power usage by at least one hydrogen generating device. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of receiving a response code from the at least one hydrogen generating device, an "error in response" code that indicates insufficient hydrogen generating device information existed to contact the at least one hydrogen generating device, or combinations thereof. 7. The method of claim 3, further comprising the step of receiving a response code from the at least one user contact device, an "error in response" code that indicates insufficient user contact device information existed to contact the at least one user contact device, or combinations thereof. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least one message comprises at least one predefined message, at least one custom message, or combinations thereof. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least one non-dispatchable power source comprises a wind power facility, a solar powered facility, an ocean powered facility using wave height, currents or combinations thereof, an intermittent water supply hydroelectric facility, or combinations thereof. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least one dispatchable power source comprises a hydroelectric power plant, a hydrocarbon based electrical production facility, a nuclear power plant, a geothermal power generation facility, a bank of batteries, at least one capacitor, at least one fuel cell, an ocean powered facility using tidal power, or combinations thereof. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the discretionary power consumption information comprises an amount of power that the at least one hydrogen generating device requires during a specified time interval. 12. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of assigning a priority code to the discretionary power consumption information based on power rates, a classification of the at least one hydrogen generating device, a quantity of power needed by the at least one hydrogen generating device, or combinations thereof. 13. The method of claim 2, further comprising the step of associating user contact device information with the at least one hydrogen generating device. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein the dynamic information database further comprises a hydrogen generating device location for the at least one hydrogen generating device. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein the dynamic information database further comprises grouping information. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the grouping information comprises a member of the group consisting of: a geographic zone, a quantity of power consumption for the at least one hydrogen generating device, a transmission capacity of the at least one hydrogen generating device, and combinations thereof. 17. The system of claim 1, wherein the administrator interface is operated by an administrator selected from the group consisting of: a dispatchable power supplier, a non-dispatchable power supplier, a government agency, a entity responsible for coordinating dispatchable and non-dispatchable power to the at least one hydrogen generating device, a processor associated with the dynamic information database, another digital notification and response system, an analog notification system, and combinations thereof. 18. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least one industry standard protocol is selected from the group consisting of: a Megaco/H.248 protocol, simple message transfer protocol (SMTP), a short message service (SMS) protocol, a multimedia message service (MMS) protocol, an enhanced message service (EMS) protocol, a media gateway control protocol (MGCP), a SIP protocol, a H.323 protocol, an ISDN protocol, a PSTN protocol, and combinations thereof. 19. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of cancelling at least one erroneous message in progress, at least one erroneous message scheduled for delivery at a future date and time, or combinations thereof. 20. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of transmitting a notification to the administrator interface when the at least one message has been delivered to at least one hydrogen generating device. 21. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of transmitting of the at least one message comprises broadcasting the at least one message to a member of the group consisting of: at least one user at periodic intervals, at least one user in a defined geographic area, at least one user in a designated disaster zone, at least one user at a specific date and time, the at least one hydrogen generating device at periodic intervals, the at least one hydrogen generating device in a defined geographic area, the at least one hydrogen generating device in a designated disaster zone, the at least one hydrogen generating device at a specific date and time, or combinations thereof. 22. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of using at least one security feature to control access to the administrator interface, the dynamic information database, the at least one message, the at least one response, or combinations thereof. 23. The method of claim 3, wherein the administrator interface further comprises a responder module comprising a receiver function for receiving responses from a member of the group: the at least one user contact device, the at least one hydrogen generating device, or combinations thereof. 24. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of generating at least one report using content in the dynamic information database. 25. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of converting the at least one message from text to a sound file. 26. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of assigning at least one priority code with the at least one hydrogen generating device. 