A kiosk that allows a user to navigate through a Medicaid process via a touch screen monitor facilitated by an onscreen navigator employing ladder logic. The kiosk has a housing to which a bracket that holds the monitor and a keyboard is attached, the bracket capable of sliding up and down and tilting back and forth. A user initially identifies herself to the system via a card reader and confirms identity via a biometric reader. Once within the system, the user navigates via the monitor through the assistance of an onscreen navigator that is set up using ladder logic. At any point during the process, a counselor may be called via a telephone attached to the housing. Once all data is collected for a user, the internal processor transmits the data to a central server.
Claims We claim: 1. A kiosk comprising: a housing having a top, a bottom, and a front face; a bracket attached to the housing and capable of sliding along the front face between the top and the bottom; a drive motor located within the housing, the drive motor having a drive pulley such that the drive motor becomes operational upon a rotational force being introduced onto the drive pulley and the drive motor deactivates upon removal of the rotational force upon the drive pulley; a driven pulley located within the housing; a linkage passing over the drive pulley and the driven pulley such that the bracket is attached to the linkage and such that when the bracket is slid between the top and the bottom, the bracket moves the linkage which transfers a force to the drive pulley in order to activate the motor; a communication device held within the bracket; at least one reader located on the bracket; a processor located within the housing in communication with an input device and the reader; and a software system resident on the processor, which software system allows navigation through a Medicaid entry process by the collection of a data set, such that upon completion of the navigation through the Medicaid entry process, the data set is transferred by the processor to a remote site. 2. The kiosk as in claim 1 wherein the bracket is capable of tilting away from and toward the front face. 3. The kiosk as in claim 1 wherein the communication device comprises a monitor or a keyboard. 4. The kiosk as in claim 1 wherein the communication device, the at least one reader and the processor are each powered by a solar panel. 5. The kiosk as in claim 1 wherein the reader comprises a magnetic card swiper. 6. The kiosk as in claim 5 wherein the reader further comprises a biometric reading device. 7. The kiosk as in claim 1 wherein the processor communicates with the remote site via an air card. 8. The kiosk as in claim 1 wherein the software system uses an onscreen navigator to facilitate the navigation. 9. The kiosk as in claim 8 wherein the onscreen navigator uses an interactive video using ladder logic and data collection. 10. The kiosk as in claim 1 further comprising a telephone attached to the housing. 11. The kiosk as in claim 1 further comprising a camera located on the bracket in communication with the processor. 12. A kiosk comprising: a housing having a top, a bottom, and a front face; a bracket attached to the housing and capable of sliding along the front face between the top and the bottom of the housing and capable of tilting away from and toward the front face; a drive motor located within the housing, the drive motor having a drive pulley such that the drive motor becomes operational upon a rotational force being introduced onto the drive pulley and the drive motor deactivates upon removal of the rotational force upon the drive pulley; a driven pulley located within the housing; a linkage passing over the drive pulley and the driven pulley such that the bracket is attached to the linkage and such that when the bracket is slid between the top and the bottom, the bracket moves the linkage which transfers a force to the drive pulley in order to activate the motor; a touch screen monitor and a keyboard each device held within the bracket; a magnetic card swiper located on the bracket; a biometric reading device located on the bracket; a processor located within the housing in communication with the monitor, the keyboard, the card swiper, and the biometric reading device; and a software system resident on the processor, which software system allows navigation through a Medicaid entry process by the collection of a data set, such that upon completion of the navigation through the Medicaid entry process, the data set is transferred by the processor to a remote site. 13. The kiosk as in claim 12 wherein the monitor, the keyboard, the magnetic card swiper, the biometric reading device, and the processor are each powered by a solar panel. 14. The kiosk as in claim 12 wherein the processor communicates with the remote site via an air card. 15. The kiosk as in claim 12 wherein the software system uses an onscreen navigator to facilitate the navigation wherein the onscreen navigator uses an interactive video using ladder logic and data collection. 16. The kiosk as in claim 12 further comprising a telephone attached to the housing. 17. The kiosk as in claim 12 further comprising a camera located on the bracket and in communication with the processor. 