A method of manufacturing a solar cell by providing a gallium arsenide carrier with a prepared bonding surface; providing a sapphire substrate; bonding the gallium arsenide carrier and the sapphire substrate to produce a composite structure; detaching the bulk of the gallium arsenide carrier from the composite structure, leaving a gallium arsenide growth substrate on the sapphire substrate; and depositing a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell on the growth substrate. For some solar cells, the method further includes mounting a surrogate second substrate on top of the sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell; and removing the growth substrate.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A method of manufacturing a solar cell, comprising: providing a semiconductor carrier with a prepared bonding surface; providing a support substrate; bonding the semiconductor carrier and the support substrate to produce a composite structure; detaching the bulk of the semiconductor carrier from the composite structure, leaving a semiconductor growth substrate on the support substrate; depositing a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell on the semiconductor growth substrate; mounting a surrogate second substrate on top of the sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming the solar cell; and removing the semiconductor growth substrate and leaving the sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming the solar cell. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the semiconductor growth substrate is gallium arsenide or germanium. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein bonding the semiconductor carrier and the support substrate to produce the composite structure comprises molecularly bonding the prepared bonding surface of the semiconductor carrier directly to a surface of the support substrate. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein detaching the bulk of the semiconductor carrier from the composite structure comprises: implanting a species into the semiconductor carrier to form a defect layer in the semiconductor carrier; bonding the defect layer of the semiconductor carrier directly to the support substrate to produce the composite structure; and detaching the bulk of the semiconductor carrier from the composite structure, leaving the semiconductor growth substrate on the support substrate, the semiconductor growth substrate being relatively thin. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein detaching the bulk of the semiconductor carrier from the composite structure comprises: annealing the composite structure at an elevated temperature to weaken the semiconductor carrier at the defect layer; and detaching the bulk of the semiconductor carrier from the composite structure along the defect layer after or during annealing of the composite structure. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the thickness of the semiconductor substrate is about 5 microns, and the thickness of the bulk of the semiconductor carrier detached from the composite structure is in excess of 350 microns. 7. The method of claim 1, further comprising roughening the prepared bonding surface of the semiconductor carrier prior to bonding the carrier and the support substrate. 8. The method of claim 1, further comprising: (i) preparing a new bonding surface on the detached bulk portion of the semiconductor carrier to form a new semiconductor carrier; (ii) providing a new support substrate; (iii) bonding the new semiconductor carrier and the new support substrate to produce a new composite structure; (iv) detaching the bulk of the new semiconductor carrier from the new composite structure, leaving a new semiconductor substrate on the new support substrate; and (v) depositing a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell on the new semiconductor substrate; and (vi) repeating steps (i) through (v) with the detached bulk portion of the new semiconductor carrier. 9. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the support substrate is sapphire or sapphire/spinel. 10. A method as defined in claim 2, wherein the step of depositing a sequence of layers on the gallium arsenide growth substrate comprises: forming an upper first solar subcell having a first band gap on said gallium arsenide growth substrate; forming a middle second solar subcell over said first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a graded interlayer over said second solar subcell; forming a third solar subcell over said graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell. 11. The method as defined in claim 10, further comprising forming a lower fourth solar subcell over said third subcell having a fifth band gap smaller than said fourth band gap such that said fourth subcell is lattice matched with respect to said third subcell. 12. The method as defined in claim 10, wherein the upper subcell is composed of InGa(Al)P, the second subcell is composed of an GaAs, GaInP, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and a GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region, and the third subcell is composed of a GaInAsP base and emitter. 13. The method as defined in claim 11, wherein the fourth subcell is composed of GaInAs base and emitter layers. 14. The method as defined in claim 10, wherein the graded interlayer is compositionally graded to lattice match the second subcell on one side and the third subcell on the other side and is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.y Al.sub.1-yAs with x and y selected such that the band gap of the graded interlayer remains constant throughout its thickness. 15. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the semiconductor carrier is gallium arsenide that is off-cut from the (001) crystal plane by at least 6.degree. towards the (111)A plane. 16. A method as defined in claim 1, further comprising removing the surrogate second substrate and leaving the sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming the solar cell. 