The subject matter of the invention is a backup power system configured to be a UPS system, with a customer generation system and with a network monitoring device with a switch topology including a first connection node, that is connected to the customer generation system that is connected to at least one automatic disconnection switch including a first switch said first switch being disposed between the customer generation system and a utility grid, and that is connected to a second switch that is connected to one or several loads, said system including a second connection node that is connected to said second switch connected to said load, that is connected to a third switch disposed between the utility grid and the load and that is connected to a fourth switch to which there is connected a standalone inverter with a storage device, and said system including a third connection node, connecting said first switch and said third switch to said utility grid, said customer generation system supplying an AC voltage that can be added to the circuit, in parallel to said utility grid, the grid monitoring device for opening said first switch being provided upon a failure of the utility grid.
Claims We claim: 1. A backup power system configured to be a UPS system, with a customer generation system and with a network monitoring device, comprising: a first connection node connected to the customer generation system and connected to at least one automatic disconnection switch including a first switch, said first switch being disposed between the customer generation system and a utility grid, and the first connection node further connected to a second switch connected to one or several loads; a second connection node connected to the second switch and connected to the load, the second connection node further connected to a third switch disposed between the utility grid and the load and the second connection node further connected to a fourth switch to which there is connected a standalone inverter with a storage device, a third connection node, connecting said first switch and said third switch to said utility grid, wherein the customer generation system is configured to supply an AC voltage to the system, in parallel to the utility grid, and wherein the grid monitoring device is configured to open the first switch upon a failure of the utility grid. 2. The backup power system as set forth in claim 1, wherein each of the first, second, third and fourth switches l are integrated in an additional device separate from the customer generation system and the utility grid, wherein each of the switches are disposed in an appropriate box or in one or several control panels and that the additional device is connected between the utility grid and the customer generation system. 3. The backup power system as set forth in claim 2, wherein the grid monitoring device is configured to control the coupling of the customer generation system to the utility grid so that, when the utility grid fails, the additional device is completely isolated from the utility grid. 4. The backup power system as set forth in claim 1, wherein the customer generation system comprises a plurality of customer generation systems connected together in parallel. 5. The backup power system as set forth in claim 1, wherein the standalone inverter comprises a plurality of standalone inverters connected together in parallel to the fourth switch. 6. The backup power system as set forth in claim 1, further comprising an export power meter connected to the first switch and an import meter connected to a fourth switch interposed between the utility grid and the load. 7. The backup power system as set forth in claim 1, further comprising a fifth switch configured to connect an additional generator to the the second connection node, wherein the additional generator comprises a combustion engine generator. 8. The backup power system as set forth in claim 1, wherein the customer generation system comprises at least one photovoltaic generator. 9. The backup power system as set forth in claim 1, wherein the standalone inverter comprises a voltage controlled standalone inverter. 10. The backup power system as set forth in claim 2, wherein the additional device comprises an automatic disconnection switch so that the network monitoring of the customer generation system is set so as to be operable both in the grid parallel mode and in the island mode of operation. 11. The backup power system as set forth in claim 10, wherein the additional device comprises an automatic disconnection switch that comprises a transfer contactor, a contactor, a grid voltage meter and a grid current meter. 12. The backup power system as set forth in claim 11, wherein the transfer contactor comprises a two-pole contactor, the one pole being configured such that, upon switching from grid parallel operation to island operation, the pole of the contactor that is connected to a neutral conductor of the logical point is switched to PE by a neutral conductor of the grid. 13. The backup power system as set forth in claim 1, wherein in an island operation, a power of the customer generation system is supplied to the load. 14. The backup power system as set forth in claim 2, wherein the network monitoring and island network detection provided in the additional device rely on a passive or an active method. 15. The backup power system as set forth in claim 1, wherein in the event of a short circuit condition in a load electric circuit during island operation resulting in a voltage drop at the second connection node related thereto, the the fourth switch is configured to remain closed until the standalone inverter enables an overload protection member of the load electric circuit so that the voltage in the the second connection node is restored. 16. The backup power system as set forth in claim 1, wherein once the storage device associated with the standalone inverter has been completely recharged, the standalone inverter enters an energy mode in which it turns off everything except the network monitoring device in order to save energy. 17. The backup power system as set forth in claim 11, wherein the third switch is configured to switch on as soon as there is voltage in the utility grid and the standalone inverter operates in a charging mode of operation or is not operative. 18. A method of operating a system as set forth in claim 1, wherein the customer generation system is data connected to the additional device and is influenced in such a manner through data communication that switching the mode of operation from island operation to grid parallel operation is possible, the switching of the mode of operation--island operation/grid parallel operation--of the generation system being designed such that, upon failure of the data connection, the customer generation system switches over to grid parallel operation or remains in this mode of operation. 