A system for detecting an actual or impending overflow condition from a washroom fixture includes an overflow sensor configured with the fixture at a location to detect an abnormal rise in water level within the fixture before water overflows the fixture. A water sensor may also be disposed to detect an abnormal amount of water on the washroom floor. A data communications unit is in communication with the sensors. A washroom monitoring station is provided in wireless communication with the data communications unit and in communication with the sensors through the data communications unit. The washroom monitoring station is configured for indicating the presence of water when detected by the overflow or water sensors.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for detecting an actual or impending overflow condition from washroom fixtures in a washroom, comprising: a plurality of automatically actuated washroom fixtures having associated control circuitry, said automatically actuated washroom fixtures automatically actuated by detection of a patron; an overflow sensor configured with each said fixture at a location to detect an abnormal rise in water level within said fixture before water overflows said fixture; a data communications unit in wireless communication with said overflow sensors, said data communications unit configured to receive and process signals from said overflow sensors, wherein said communication with said overflow sensors is bi-directional permitting reprogramming, adjusting, or controlling operational parameters of said overflow sensors; a washroom monitoring station in communication with said data communications unit and in communication with said overflow sensors through said data communications unit, wherein said washroom monitoring station is configured for receiving and processing alerts or alarm conditions from said overflow sensors and indicating the presence of water when detected by said overflow sensors; said fixtures comprising a plurality of automatically actuated toilet and automatically actuated sink fixtures with a respective said overflow sensor associated with each of said fixtures, each said overflow sensor identified by a unique identification tag at said washroom monitoring station: said washroom monitoring station in communication with said control circuitry for said fixtures to disable said fixtures upon detection of an overflow condition; wherein said washroom includes multiple remotely actuated isolation valves with associated control circuitry in a water supply line to said fixtures, said washroom monitoring station in communication with said control circuitry for each said isolation valve, wherein upon detection of an overflow condition by an overflow sensor with unique identification tag, the isolation valve associated with the fixture with an overflow condition automatically closes. 2. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said overflow sensor comprise a detector, a power supply, and communications electronics, said detector located remotely from said power supply and control electronics. 3. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said overflow sensor configured with said toilets comprises a detector located to detect an abnormal rise in water within a toilet bowl, and communications electronics configured with a toilet seat for each said toilet. 4. The system as set forth in claim 3, wherein said communications electronics are embedded within a toilet seat. 5. The system as set forth in claim 1, further comprising a solar panel configured for delivering power to said overflow sensor, said solar panel generating power responsive to light conditions within the washroom, said solar panel providing a trickle charge to a battery power source or primary power during lighted conditions within the washroom. 6. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said overflow sensor comprises a UWB detector disposed to detect water level through a receptacle wall of said fixture. 7. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said overflow sensor comprises a tuned radio frequency oscillator circuit that generates a detectable shift in frequency at a predetermined water level within said fixture. 8. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said overflow sensor comprises an active transmitter disposed to direct a beam into a water receptacle of said fixture, said overflow sensor detecting a height of water within said receptacle as a function of a characteristic of the reflected beam from the water. 9. The system as set forth in claim 8, wherein said active transmitter is configured to remain in a rest mode until activated by a trigger signal in response to a detected activity in the washroom. 10. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said washroom monitoring station is configured to transmit alerts to a portable source. 11. The system as set forth in claim 10, wherein said portable source is selected from the group consisting of a PDA, cell phone, pager, telephone, email, or combinations thereof. 12. The system as set forth in claim 1, further including a web server in communication with the data communications unit. 13. The system as set forth in claim 12, wherein the web server permits remote connection via the internet to access system information. 