The present invention provides an optical system having an array of light emitting semiconductor devices to performing an operation that have multiple characteristics associated with performing the operation. The array includes at least one detector located within the array to selectively monitor multiple characteristics of the light emitting semiconductor devices and is configured to generate a signal corresponding to the selected characteristic. A controller is configured to control the light emitting semiconductor devices in response to the signal from the at least one detector. At least one of the multiple characteristics may be concentrated at an area of the array and the at least one detector may be located within the array at the area of the array to selectively monitor characteristic that is concentrated at the area of the array.
Claims What is claimed: 1. An optical system, comprising: an array light-emitting diodes arranged to perform an operation, the operation having one or more characteristics of the light emitting diodes in association with a particular area of the array; at least one of the light-emitting diodes in the array being configured solely as a detector electrically connected to a circuit different from that of the other light-emitting diodes, the circuit to apply a reverse electrical bias to the detector light-emitting diode, the detector light-emitting diode arranged to operate in a photovoltaic mode and having its output coupled to a trans-impedance amplifier to generate a signal proportional to a photocurrent from the detector, the detector located in a selected position in the array to monitor one or more characteristics of the light emitting diodes of the particular area of the array; and a controller configured to control the particular area of the array responsive, at least in part, to the signal from the at least one detector. 2. The optical system of claim 1, wherein the at least one of the multiple characteristics is radiant output of the light emitting diodes. 3. The optical system of claim 1, wherein the at least one light emitting diode in the array being implemented to function solely as a detector comprises multiple detectors located in multiple selected positions to monitor one or more characteristics of multiple areas of the array. 4. An optical system for performing an operation on a work piece, comprising: an array of light-emitting diodes; at least one of such light-emitting diodes in the array electrically configured in a trans-impedance mode to operate solely as a light detecting device and being connected to a circuit that applied a reverse bias separate from a driving circuit for the other light-emitting diodes in the array, the trans-impedance mode including a trans-impedance amplifier such implementing enabling the light detecting device to function solely as a detector of characteristics of the semiconductor devices and not an emitter; at least one of the semiconductor devices performs as a thermal diode detector within the array to detect and generate a signal responsive to heat; and a controller configured to control the array responsive, at least in part, to the signal. 5. The optical system of claim 4, further comprising coupling electronics, the coupling electronics providing for coupling one or more of the semiconductor devices with the controller, whereby the controller controls such coupled semiconductor devices, at least in part, by controlling the coupling electronics. 6. The optical system of claim 4, wherein the controller controls one or more of the semiconductor devices so as to detect one or more of (i) radiant power output by the semiconductor devices that emit light or radiant power received at the work piece, and/or (ii) wavelengths or frequencies of electromagnetic radiation associated with one or more the array, the work piece and/or the operation. 7. The optical system of claim 4, wherein the light detecting device is located in a selected position in the array and the thermal diode detector is located in a second selected position in the array. 8. An optical system for performing an operation on a work piece, comprising: an array of light emitting diodes; at least one of the light emitting diodes in the array electrically connected in a photovoltaic mode to a circuit separate from driving circuitry for other light emitting diodes in the array, causing the at least one of the light emitting diodes to function solely as a detector of one or more selected characteristics of the other light emitting diodes, the detector located in a selected position in the array; and, a controller configured to control the light emitting diodes capable of emitting light in the particular area of the array according to a signal from at least one of the light emitting diodes connected to function solely as a detector. 9. The optical system of claim 8, wherein such at least one of the light emitting diodes connected to function solely as a detector detects one or more characteristics associated with the work piece and/or with other non-array components of the system. 10. The optical system of claim 9, wherein such at least one of the light emitting diodes connected to function solely as a detector detects power, wavelength and/or frequency of electromagnetic radiation associated with the work piece and/or the operation. 11. The optical system of claim 8, wherein the array has a physical arrangement of the light emitting diodes to emit light toward providing selected irradiation of the work piece in association with performing the operation; and wherein such at least one of the light emitting diodes connected to function solely as a detector generates one or more signals responsive to the heat of the array and/or work piece; and wherein, responsive at least in part to the one or more so-generated signals, the controller controls the array. 12. The optical system of claim 8, further comprising coupling electronics, the coupling electronics providing for coupling one or more of the light emitting diodes with the controller, whereby the controller controls such coupled light emitting diodes to emit light, at least in part, by controlling the coupling electronics. 13. The optical system of claim 8, wherein the at least one such light emitting diodes to function solely as a detector comprises multiple detectors located in multiple particular areas of the array. 14. The optical system of claim 9, wherein, responsive to detection of at least one of the light emitting diodes connected to function solely as a detector, the controller controls one or more of the power source, the controller, the light emitting subsystem and/or other components of the optical system. 