Sensors and techniques for an automated data acquisition and notification system having a plurality of receptacles adapted to store items. In each of the plurality of receptacles, at least one sensor is operated to detect a presence of an item in that receptacle. Light is emitted from a planar surface within the receptacle to a space within the receptacle opposite the planar surface. While that light is emitted light incident on the planar surface is detected. A determination is made whether an amount of light that is detected is significant to indicate a presence of the item.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A data acquisition and notification system adapted to be associated with at least one array of receptacles, the system comprising: a sensor group of at least one sensor in each receptacle of the at least one array of receptacles, the sensor group adapted to detect a presence of a subject material placed in the receptacle, wherein at least one sensor of the sensor group includes an electromagnetic emitter and an electromagnetic detector arranged such that electromagnetic waves are emitted by the electromagnetic emitter and, if detectable subject material is present in the receptacle, the emitted electromagnetic waves reflect off of the subject material and those reflected electromagnetic waves are detected by the electromagnetic detector; a system database configured to maintain data corresponding to sensor information from the at least one sensor; monitoring hardware communicatively coupled to each sensor of the at least one array of receptacles and controlled by a data acquisition program that causes the monitoring hardware to gather sensor information from the sensor group and communicate the data representing the sensor information to the system database; and a notification system communicatively coupled to the system database and adapted to issue notifications via a communications medium based on the data maintained by the system database. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the electromagnetic emitter comprises a light-emitting diode and wherein the electromagnetic detector comprises a photovoltaic cell. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the sensor group corresponding to each receptacle includes a plurality of sensors. 4. The system of claim 3, further comprising decision logic configured to analyze multiple overlapping detections by the plurality of sensors of the sensor group to validate a positive detection. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the receptacle has an interior that absorbs the electromagnetic waves emitted by the electromagnetic emitter such that, in an absence of any detectable subject material from the receptacle, the electromagnetic detector does not detect any significant portion of the emitted electromagnetic waves. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein each receptacle includes a sensor group of sensors situated in different planes. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the electromagnetic emitter and the electromagnetic detector are situated along a common plane. 8. A data acquisition and notification system adapted to be associated with at least one array of receptacles, the system comprising: a sensor group of a plurality of sensors including at least one sensor in each receptacle of the at least one array of receptacles, the sensor group adapted to detect a presence of a subject material placed in the receptacle, wherein at least one sensor of the sensor group includes a processor at the at least one sensor in each receptacle programmed to provide at least one data analysis and storage capability selected from the group consisting of: logic to aggregate data and provide a statistical computation, logic to validate a detection based on multiple overlapping events, logic to dynamically adjust decision criteria for that sensor, or any combination thereof; monitoring hardware communicatively coupled to each sensor of the at least one array of receptacles and controlled by a data acquisition program that causes the monitoring hardware to gather sensor information from the sensor group; and a notification system communicatively coupled to the monitoring hardware and adapted to issue notifications via a communications medium based on the sensor information. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the at least one sensor includes an analog-to-digital converter (ADC) interfaced with a processor. 10. The system of claim 8, wherein the at least one sensor is configured to conduct communication with the monitoring hardware in communication cycles and gather and store sensor information between communication cycles. 11. The system of claim 8, wherein the at least one sensor is configured to communicate with the monitoring hardware via a data bus utilizing a burst mode of communications. 12. The system of claim 8, wherein the at least one sensor includes a plurality of like sensors within each receptacle. 13. The system of claim 8, further comprising: a system database communicatively coupled to the monitoring hardware and to the notification system, the system database being configured to maintain data corresponding to sensor information from the at least one sensor and to provide that data to the notification system. 14. A data acquisition and notification system adapted to be associated with at least one array of receptacles, the system comprising: a sensor group of at least one sensor in each receptacle of the at least one array of receptacles, the sensor group adapted to detect a presence of a subject material placed in the receptacle, wherein at least one sensor of the sensor group includes an electromagnetic emitter and an electromagnetic detector arranged such that electromagnetic waves are emitted by the electromagnetic emitter and, if detectable subject material is present in the receptacle, the emitted electromagnetic waves reflect off of the subject material and those reflected electromagnetic waves are detected by the electromagnetic detector; and monitoring hardware operatively coupled to each sensor of the at least one array of receptacles and controlled by a data acquisition program that causes the monitoring hardware to gather sensor information from the sensor group and to communicate the sensor information to a notification system that is configured to issue notifications via a communications medium based on the sensor information. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the electromagnetic emitter comprises a light-emitting diode and wherein the electromagnetic detector comprises a photovoltaic cell. 16. The system of claim 14, wherein the sensor group corresponding to each receptacle includes a plurality of sensors. 17. The system of claim 16, further comprising decision logic configured to analyze multiple overlapping detections by the plurality of sensors of the sensor group to validate a positive detection. 18. The system of claim 14, wherein the receptacle has an interior that absorbs the electromagnetic waves emitted by the electromagnetic emitter such that, in an absence of any detectable subject material from the receptacle, the electromagnetic detector does not detect any significant portion of the emitted electromagnetic waves. 19. The system of claim 14, wherein each receptacle includes a sensor group of sensors situated in different planes. 20. The system of claim 14, wherein the electromagnetic emitter and the electromagnetic detector are situated along a common plane. 