A sensor network for monitoring of a pipeline comprises a sensor disposed for monitoring of a pipeline, the sensor capable of acquiring data related to the pipeline and communicating sensor data; a first remote sensor interface (RSI) comprising a data communications device capable of receiving the sensor data communicated from the sensor, and transmitting data relating to the received sensor data; and a data communications device capable of receiving the data transmitted by the first RSI and transmitting data related to the sensor data directly or indirectly to a network external to the sensor network. The sensor network comprises a common designation network.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A sensor network for monitoring of a pipeline, the network comprising: (a) first and second sensors disposed for monitoring of a pipeline, each sensor being configured to acquire data related to the pipeline and wirelessly communicate sensor data; (b) a first remote sensor interface (RSI) configured to, (i) receive the sensor data communicated from the sensors, and (ii) transmit data relating to the received sensor data; and (c) a data communications device configured to receive the data transmitted by the first RSI and transmit data related to the sensor data directly or indirectly to a network external to the sensor network; (d) wherein the sensor network comprises a common designation network; (e) wherein each of the first and second sensors are spatially separated from the first RSI along an extent of the pipeline; and (f) wherein each RSI transmitting data related to the sensor data such that said data propagates along the pipeline further adds additional information to said data, the additional information comprising an identification of the respective RSI such that the pathway through the common designation network is provided to the external network together with the data related to the sensor data. 2. The sensor network of claim 1, wherein the data communications device comprises a second RSI, each of the first RSI and second RSI forming a node in the common designation network. 3. The sensor network of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of spatially separated RSIs disposed along the pipeline for monitoring of the pipeline, each of the plurality of RSIs forming a node in the common designation network, wherein data related to the sensor data is transmitted and received among the plurality of RSIs such that data related to the sensor data propagates along the pipeline. 4. The sensor network of claim 3, wherein data related to the sensor data propagates in a particular direction along the pipeline among the plurality of RSIs in a sequential order according to increasing distance from the first RSI. 5. The sensor network of claim 1, wherein the data communications device comprises a gateway configured for at least intermittent communications with the external network. 6. The sensor network of claim 1, wherein the sensor comprises a substance sensor. 7. The sensor network of claim 6, wherein the substance sensor is sensitive to a substance present within the pipeline such that the substance sensor is configured to detect the substance escaping from the pipeline. 8. The sensor network of claim 1, wherein the sensor comprises a hydrocarbon sensor. 9. The sensor network of claim 1, wherein the sensor comprises a device or array of devices for measuring state conditions of a pipeline or that of its contents. 10. The sensor network of claim 1, wherein the sensor comprises an activity-monitoring or reconnaissance device such as a camera, a microphone, a motion detector, a light detector, and a broadband RF signal scanner. 11. The sensor network of claim 1, wherein the sensor comprises a device for detecting physical presence at a pipeline, a leak of a pipeline, or tampering with a pipeline. 12. The sensor network of claim 1, wherein the sensor comprises an accelerometer or an acoustic pulse detector. 13. The sensor network of claim 1, wherein the sensor acquires data regarding the security, integrity, configuration, condition, disposition, orientation, location, contents, or surroundings of the pipeline. 14. The sensor network of claim 1, wherein the sensor is configured to detect an automobile driven proximal to the pipeline. 15. The sensor network of claim 1, wherein the pipeline is a transcontinental pipeline. 16. The sensor network of claim 1, wherein the common designation is formed by a plurality of spatially separated RSIs disposed along the pipeline for monitoring of the pipeline, each of the plurality of RSIs forming a node in the common designation network; and further comprising a second plurality of spatially separated RSIs disposed along the pipeline for monitoring of the pipeline, each of the second plurality of RSIs forming a node in a second common designation network, wherein the first RSI is configured to transmit data relating to the received sensor data over one of the common designation networks to the exclusion of the other common designation network. 17. The sensor network of claim 1, wherein the common designation is formed by a plurality of spatially separated RSIs disposed along the pipeline for monitoring of the pipeline, each of the plurality of RSIs forming a node in the common designation network; and further comprising a second plurality of spatially separated RSIs disposed along the pipeline for monitoring of the pipeline, each of the second plurality of RSIs forming a node in a second common designation network, wherein the first RSI is configured to transmit data relating to the received sensor data over both of the common designation networks. 18. The sensor network of claim 17, wherein the first RSI is configured to add, change, or remove one or more common designations thereof based on instructions communicated to the first RSI such that the first RSI is configured to transmit data relating to the received sensor data over one of the common designation networks to the exclusion of the other common designation network. 19. The network of claim 1, wherein said step (e) of communicating, by the data communications device, data that is related to the sensor data to the external network includes communicating via a cabled connection extending between the data communications device and the external network. 20. A method for monitoring of a pipeline that includes (i) a plurality of sensors disposed generally along an extent of the pipeline for monitoring of the pipeline, (ii) a plurality of remote sensor interfaces disposed generally along an extent of the pipeline and constituting nodes of a communications network, and (iii) a data communications device disposed within transmission range of at least one of the remote sensor interfaces of the plurality of remote sensor interfaces for receiving data from the communications network and communicating data to a network external to the communications network, the method including the steps of: (a) acquiring, by the sensor, sensor data related to the pipeline; (b) wirelessly communicating, from the sensor to a remote sensor interface of the plurality of remote sensor interfaces, data that relates to the sensor data; (c) after step (b), communicating data that relates to the sensor data through the communications network to the data communications device, wherein each remote sensor interface of the plurality of remote sensor interfaces that transmits said data does so by transmitting said data to a furthermost remote sensor interface within transmission range thereof; (d) after step (c), receiving, by the data communications device, from the communications network, said data that relates to the sensor data; and (e) after step (d), communicating, by the data communications device, data that is related to the sensor data to the external network; (f) wherein each remote sensor interface of the plurality of remote sensor interfaces that transmits said data further adds additional information to said data, the additional information comprising an identification of the respective remote sensor interface such that the pathway through the communications network is provided to the external network together with said data related to the sensor data. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein each of the remote sensor interfaces of the plurality of remote sensor interfaces is configured to wirelessly communicate with one or more of the plurality of sensors. 22. The method of claim 20, further comprising supplying power to at least one remote sensor interface of the plurality of remote sensor interfaces utilizing solar power. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein solar power is supplied by at least one solar panel. 24. The method of claim 20, further comprising supplying power to the data communications device utilizing solar power. 25. The method of claim 24, wherein solar power is supplied by at least one solar panel. 26. The method of claim 20, wherein said step (e) of communicating, by the data communications device, data that is related to the sensor data to the external network includes communicating via a satellite radio signal. 27. The method of claim 20, wherein said step (e) of communicating, by the data communications device, data that is related to the sensor data to the external network includes communicating via a cellular telephony signal. 28. The method of claim 20, wherein said step (e) is performed by the data communications device upon receipt of an appropriate wake-up signal and is not performed at periodic intervals determined based on a timer of the data communications device. 29. The method of claim 20, wherein said step (e) of communicating, by the data communications device, data that is related to the sensor data to the external network includes communicating via a cabled connection extending between the data communications device and the external network. 30. The method of claim 20, further comprising the step of communicating, by a second data communications device, data that is related to the sensor data to the external network, wherein redundant communications of the sensor data to the external network are provided. 