A solar LED lamp assembly includes a mounting member and two LED lamps fixed to a free end of the mounting member. The mounting member includes a pole and a cylindrical canister coupled with a distal end of the pole. The two LED lamps are respectively fixed to two opposite lateral sides of a circumferential periphery the canister of the mounting member and extend across each other. Each LED lamp includes a lamp frame, a plurality of LED modules mounted in the lamp frame and a solar panel mounted over a top of the lamp frame. The solar panel receives solar energy and converts it into electrical energy to activate the LED modules to radiate light.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar LED lamp assembly for lighting purpose comprising: a mounting member having a pole and a canister coupled with a distal end of the pole; and two LED lamps respectively fixed to two opposite lateral sides of the canister of the mounting member and each comprising a lamp frame fixed to and extending from one of the two opposite lateral sides of the canister through the other one thereof to a position remote from the canister, a plurality of LED modules mounted in the lamp frame and a solar panel mounted over a top of the lamp frame, the solar panel being adapted for receiving solar energy and converting the solar energy into electrical energy which is used to activate the LED modules; wherein the lamp frame comprises a base plate and a side plate extending upwardly from an edge of the base plate, and the solar panel engages with a top end of the side plate. 2. The solar LED lamp assembly of claim 1, wherein the two LED lamps are oriented slantwise upwardly. 3. The solar LED lamp assembly of claim 1, wherein the lamp frame comprises a mounting part at an end thereof, and the mounting part is curved into an arched shape and fixed to the one of the two opposite lateral sides of the canister. 4. The solar LED lamp assembly of claim 3, wherein the canister has a cylinder-shaped configuration and the two mounting parts of the LED lamps are fixed to two opposite lateral sides of a circumference of the canister. 5. The solar LED lamp assembly of claim 1, wherein the base plate defines a plurality of spaced through holes therein and respectively in alignment with the LED modules which are mounted on the base plate. 6. The solar LED lamp assembly of claim 5, wherein each of the LED modules comprises a mounting box, a plurality of LED components mounted in the mounting box, a rectangular plate-shaped lens covering a bottom of the mounting box and a heat sink attached to a top of the mounting box. 7. The solar LED lamp assembly of claim 6, wherein the lens covering the opening of the mounting box is received in the corresponding through hole of the lamp frame. 8. The solar LED lamp assembly of claim 6, wherein the heat sink is fixed on a top surface of the top panel of the mounting box and comprises a conducting place attached to the top panel and a plurality of fins arranged on the conducting plate. 9. The solar LED lamp assembly of claim 6, wherein the mounting box defines an opening in the bottom thereof, facing a corresponding through hole of the lamp frame and comprises a rectangular top panel, a light-guiding sidewall extending downwardly from an edge of the top panel and surrounding the corresponding through hole. 10. The solar LED lamp assembly of claim 9, wherein the mounting box has an engaging flange extending horizontally and outwardly from a bottom edge of the sidewall, the engaging flange is placed on the base plate of the lamp frame, and surrounds the corresponding through hole of the base plate. 11. The solar LED lamp assembly of claim 10, wherein the LED components are fixed to a bottom surface of the top panel of the mounting box and face the opening of the mounting box. 12. A solar LED lamp assembly comprising: a post-shaped mounting member; a pair of LED lamps comprising: two frames secured to opposites sides of a circumference of a free end of the mounting member, and extending from the opposite sides across each other to positions remote from the free end of the mounting member; at least an LED module received in a corresponding frame for radiating light downward to an environment outside the LED lamp assembly; and at least a solar panel attached to a top of the corresponding frame, adapted for receiving solar energy and converting the solar energy into electrical energy to activate the at least an LED module; wherein the corresponding frame comprises a base plate and a side plate extending upwardly from an edge of the base plate, and the at least a solar panel engages with a top end of the side plate. 13. The solar LED lamp assembly of claim 12, wherein the frames are slantwise, upwardly extended from the free end of the mounting member. 14. The solar LED lamp assembly of claim 13 further comprising a heat sink having a plurality of fins and received in the corresponding frame, the heat sink being in thermal connection with the at least an LED module. 