Mobile storage trailers are often left unattended on construction sites. A mobile asset protection unit and method is utilized for a variety of interrelated purposes, including securing, managing, and tracking a single or fleet of non-self-propelled storage trailers. The method hereby details a means of tracking and accounting for a fleet of any type of mobile trailers. The mobile asset protection unit receives a distress signal from a variety of peripherals. The circuitry will immediately sound and alarm and/or relay the signal to the communications unit. The communications unit will notify the user via any one of a number of interfaces, including via cellular technology and/or internet technology. The user then relays a response to the distress signal that is in turn received and executed by the unit to ensure the protection of the storage trailer.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A mobile asset protection system, comprising: a housing formed of an industry standard enclosure attached to a mobile asset; a protection unit disposed within the housing comprising: a control circuit board controlling operations of the protection unit; and a communications unit disposed within the protection unit; a power supply disposed within the housing for selectively powering at least a portion of the mobile asset protection system; a peripheral for selectively providing a peripheral signal; an alarm system disposed within the housing and selectively powered by the power supply, the alarm system selectively controlling provision of a warning in response to receiving the peripheral signal. 2. The mobile asset protection system according to claim 1, wherein the peripheral is selected from the group consisting of a low power supply detection device, a door proximity detection device, a geo-fence breach detection device, a position determination device, a motion detection device, and a vibration detection device. 3. The mobile asset protection system according to claim 1, wherein the warning provided is selected from the group consisting of operating a siren, operating a light, activating a geo-fence, communicating a text message, signaling to a monitoring system, signaling to an internet website, communicating with a key fob remote, and communicating with a cellular device. 4. The mobile asset protection system according to claim 1, further comprising: a global positioning system locator for determining a location of the mobile asset protection system. 5. The mobile asset protection system according to claim 4, wherein the warning provided is in response to the location of the mobile asset protection system as determined by the global positioning system locator. 6. The mobile asset protection system according to claim 1, further comprising: a cellular communicator that allows remote control of the alarm system. 7. The mobile asset protection system according to claim 1, further comprising: a cellular communicator that allows remote provision of a warning in response to the alarm system receiving the peripheral signal. 8. The mobile asset protection system according to claim 1, further comprising: a global positioning system locator for determining a location of the mobile asset protection system; and a computer interface board provides a two-way interface between the global positioning system locator and the alarm system. 9. The mobile asset protection system according to claim 1, further comprising: a cellular communicator; and a computer interface board that provides a two-way interface between the cellular communicator and the alarm system. 10. The mobile asset protection system according to claim 1, wherein the peripheral is a siren disposed within the housing. 11. The mobile asset protection system according to claim 1, further comprising a battery condition indicator. 12. The mobile asset protection system according to claim 1, further comprising a solar panel for selectively powering the mobile asset protection system. 13. The mobile asset protection system according to claim 1, wherein the mobile asset protection system is selectively powered by an alternating current adapter. 14. The mobile asset protection system according to claim 1, further comprising: a global positioning system locator; and a cellular communicator; wherein the global positioning system locator and the cellular communicator are an integrated single device. 15. The mobile asset protection system according to claim 14, further comprising: a computer interface board that provides a two-way interface between the integrated single device and the alarm system. 