Systems and methods for remotely controlling an electrical load are provided. A switch is associated with controlling one or more electricity-consuming devices. After electrically isolating the switch from the electricity-consuming device, an adapter is communicatively coupled to and used to detect the state of the switch. The adapter generates and wirelessly transmits a signal indicative of the detected state of the switch to a controller that controls operation of the device based on at least the state of the switch as detected by the sensor and indicated by the wirelessly transmitted signal.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for remotely controlling one or more electricity consuming appliances, the system comprising: an adapter configured to couple to a switch associated with controlling the one or more electricity consuming appliances, wherein a state of the switch is associated with an operational status of the one or more electricity consuming appliances, the adaptor comprising: a sensor configured to detect a state of the switch, the switch having been electrically isolated from the electrical load associated with each of the electricity consuming appliances; a communications interface configured to wirelessly transmit a signal indicative of the detected state of the switch to a controller, the controller being configured to control the electrical load associated with each of the electricity consuming appliances based on at least the detected state of the switch as detected by the sensor and indicated by the wirelessly transmitted signal, wherein control of the electrical load results in the operational status associated with the detected state of the switch; and a power unit configured to provide power to the sensor and the communications interface. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the power unit is further configured to power a voltage connection to a line terminal of the switch and wherein the sensor detects the state of the switch by detecting an interruption in the voltage connection. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the switch includes a preexisting wall switch. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the electrical load includes a lighting fixture. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the switch includes a momentary contact switch and wherein the controller is further configured to control dimming operations of the light fixture based on the state of the momentary contact switch. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the electrical load includes an electric motor. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the adapter is mountable within a switchbox housing the switch. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the adapter is mountable on the switch. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the power unit includes a battery. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the power unit includes a converter. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein the power unit further comprises a photovoltaic cell configured to harvest light energy. 12. A method for remotely controlling one or more electricity consuming appliances, the method comprising: detecting a state of a switch that has been electrically isolated from an electrical load associated with each of the electricity consuming appliances, the detection being performed by a sensor, wherein the switch is associated with controlling the one or more electricity consuming appliances and wherein the state of the switch is associated with an operational status of the one or more electricity consuming appliances; and transmitting a wireless signal indicative of the detected state of the switch from a transmitter to a controller, the controller controlling the electrical load associated with each of the electricity consuming appliances, the control of the electrical load based on at least the state of the switch as indicated by the signal, wherein control of the electrical load results in the operational status associated with the detected state of the switch. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the detecting the state of the switch comprises detecting an interrupt signal. 14. The method of claim 12, wherein the electrical load includes a lighting fixture. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein controlling the electrical load comprises turning on or turning off the lighting fixture. 16. The method of claim 14, wherein controlling the electrical load comprises dimming the lighting fixture. 17. A method for adapting a preexisting switch for remote control of one or more electricity consuming appliances, the method comprising: electrically isolating the preexisting switch from an electrical load associated with each of the electricity consuming appliances, the preexisting switch associated with controlling the one or more electricity consuming appliances, wherein a state of the switch is associated with an operational status of the one or more electricity consuming appliances; mounting an adapter proximate to the preexisting switch; and configuring the adapter to detect a state of the preexisting switch and to transmit a signal indicative of the detected state to a controller, the controller controlling the electrical load associated with each of the electricity consuming appliances, the control of the electrical load based on at least the state indicated by the signal, wherein control of the electrical load results in the operational status associated with the detected state of the switch. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein electrically isolating the preexisting switch comprises shorting a switched line previously associated with the preexisting switch such that power is continuously supplied to the electrical load. 19. The method of claim 17, wherein configuring the adapter comprises: connecting a low voltage signal from the power source of the adapter to a line terminal of the preexisting switch; and connecting a sensor from the adapter to a load terminal of the preexisting switch. 