A solar photovoltaic module including a base member supporting an array of photocells as well as corresponding concentrating lenses and light guides. At least one opaque light shield defines cutouts corresponding to the light guides. The at least one opaque light shield is positioned above the base member and operates to block light incident thereon from reaching portions of the base member. The at least one light shield can be installed with a convex shape that directs condensation away from the cutouts and preferably functions as part of guide channels that guide condensation toward one or more vented hydrophilic members (e.g., sponges and the like), which are preferably disposed at one or both ends of the module.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar photovoltaic module comprising: a base member having a generally planar support surface and two side walls projecting from said support surface at obtuse angles with respect to said support surface, wherein, said support surface defines at least one recess for receiving a plurality of photovoltaic cells, and comprises a plurality of fins projecting downward from said support surface for diffusing heat away from said photovoltaic cells; two side panels mechanically supported by said two side walls of said base member; at least one top panel supported by said two side panels, said at least one top panel having an integral array of Fresnel lenses; an array of photovoltaic cells mounted to said at least one recess of said base member; an array of prisms corresponding and mounted to said array of photovoltaic cells, wherein each prism includes a top surface and defines a periphery; and a plurality of opaque light shields defining cut-out regions sized to receive portions of corresponding prisms, said cut-out regions allowing light directed from said concentrating lenses to enter said top surfaces of said prisms for propagation through said prisms to said photovoltaic cells, each opaque light shield extending between said side panels above said support surface of said base member, wherein said cut-out regions are defined by edges disposed below said top surface of the corresponding prism and extending around said periphery of the corresponding prism without contacting the corresponding prism, said plurality of opaque light shields blocking light incident thereon from reaching said support surface of said base member, wherein, said cut-out regions of said at least one opaque light shield are defined by edges, and said edges and said prisms define gaps therebetween. 2. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: said plurality of opaque light shields comprises a plurality of overlapping two-part members. 3. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 2, wherein: each given two-part member includes first and second members that extend parallel to one another between said two side panels of said module, said first and second members having cutout portions that define the cutouts corresponding to the prisms of the module. 4. A solar photovoltaic system, comprising: at least one photovoltaic module of claim 1 and an electrical power sink electronically coupled to said at least one photovoltaic module. 5. A solar photovoltaic system according to claim 4, wherein: said electrical power sink comprises at least one of a DC/AC inverter. 