The present invention relates to a liquid radioactive waste treatment system. The liquid radioactive waste treatment system includes a plurality of evaporation plates and each of the evaporation plates has an uneven surface, in a housing comprised of a glass. A liquid radioactive waste is dispersed via a liquid waste dispersing unit to the evaporation plate, and the liquid radioactive waste is evaporated using solar heat and airflow in the housing.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A liquid radioactive waste treatment system, the system comprising: a housing which comprises an external wall, the wall being able to be penetrated by sunlight and being comprised of a transparent material; an evaporation unit which is located in the housing, and comprises an evaporation plate having an uneven surface on which the liquid waste flows; and a liquid waste dispersing unit which is located above the evaporation plate and disperses the liquid waste; and a heat collector plate which is mounted on an upper wall of the housing and stores solar heat, wherein the liquid waste which passes the evaporation plate moves to the heat collector plate, is heated, and moves to the evaporation plate again to circulate. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein a plurality of evaporation plates are provided, and each of the evaporation plates are stacked to be spaced apart from each other by an equal distance. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein a guide plate is perpendicularly attached to the evaporation plate at each side of the evaporation plate. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein a lower end of the evaporation plate is formed to be inclined into a single direction, to enable the liquid waste flow in the direction. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the evaporation plate is positioned to be inclined at a predetermined angle. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the evaporation plate is made of a stainless steel. 7. The system of claim 1, further comprising: an inlet fan and an exhaust fan which are mounted on the external wall of the housing, wherein air which is flowed inside of the housing from the inlet fan, passes over the evaporation plate, and is discharged to an outside of the housing via the exhaust fan. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the external wall of the housing is made of a glass. 9. A liquid radioactive waste treatment system, the system comprising: a housing which is covered with a glass; an evaporation module where an evaporation plate, having an uneven surface in the housing, and a guide plate, which is perpendicularly attached to the evaporation plate at each side of the evaporation plate, are stacked, and each of the evaporation plates are spaced apart from each other by an equal distance; a liquid waste dispersing unit, is located above the plurality of evaporation modules, and disperses the liquid waste; and a heat collector plate which is mounted on a upper wall of the housing and stores solar heat, wherein the liquid waste which passes the evaporation plate moves to the heat collector plate, is heated, and moves to the evaporation plate again to circulate. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein a lower end of the evaporation plate is formed to be inclined into a direction, to enable the liquid waste flow in the direction. 11. The system of claim 9, wherein the evaporation plate is positioned to be inclined at a predetermined angle. 12. The system of claim 9, wherein the evaporation plate is made of a stainless steel. 13. The system of claim 9, further comprising: an inlet fan and an exhaust fan, which are mounted on the external wall of the housing, wherein air which is flowed inside of the housing from the inlet fan passes over the evaporation plate, and is discharged to outside of the housing via the exhaust fan after monitoring system. 