A vertical shaft type windmill with arcuate hook shaped vane blade is composed of a tower, a rotary stand, a wind vane assembly, a generator and an electric controller. The present invention makes use of the wind power to drive the aforesaid structure to produce the mechanical power which being afterwards converted into the electrical power to supply various loads such as the domestic appliances, the public and roadway lighting. The structure is simply constructed, easy to fabricate and operate.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A vertical shaft type windmill with arcuate hook shaped vane blades, comprising: a tower having an annular track and a generator chamber respectively provided on the upper and lower parts thereof, a generator and a electric controller being housed in said generator chamber, and a rotary stand with wheels being mounted on said annular track, wherein said tower is used to entrain the whole structural load and conjoin all structural parts; a rotary stand constructed of round type frames with several track wheels annularly disposed beneath to roll around said annular track under said tower; wherein said rotary stand is divided into several steps, each step has more than 10 sets of arcuate hook shaped vane blade assembly bolted one another, and a large speed increaser is screw combined to the foot thereof, said rotary stand accepts the wind force to drive a wind vane assembly so as to transmit the mechanical power produced by rotation of said rotary stand to said large speed increaser underneath; a wind vane assembly composed of several wind vane wheel stacked on top of one another and mounted on said rotary stand, said wind vane wheel being composed of more than 10 sets of said arcuate hook shaped vane blade assemblies, and each said blade assembly having 2 wind vane surfaces making a hook angle about 66.degree. with each other to accept the wind power to rotate; wherein the edge of said wind vane surface is configured into an arcuate surface to make an angle of about 20 with the edge of said wind vane wheel so as to eliminate most of the head wind resistance, several wind vane blades are stacked on top of one another to prevent intrusion of the head wind into said wind vane wheel thereby allowing said wind vane wheel to rotate under minimized head wind resistance; a generator accommodated in said generator chamber built under said tower, wherein said generator shaft is coupled with a small speed increaser so as to transmit the mechanical power produced by the rotation of said rotary stand to said large speed increaser beneath and drive said small speed increaser and further drive said generator to generate the electrical power; and an electric controller accommodated in said generator chamber to integrally control the electrical power generated by said generator. 2. The vertical shaft type windmill of claim 1, wherein said arcuate hook shaped wind vane surface is configured in arc surface and makes an inclined angle of about 20.degree. with the rim of said wind vane wheel, when said wind vane rotates to a position making an angle in the range of 340.degree.-0.degree.-45.degree. to the wind direction, the wind is refracted in the adjacent hook shape vane blade surface and pushes said wind vane wheel to rotate, wherein the contact surface of said hook shaped vane blade surface is made of polished material to reduce the wind resistance. 3. The vertical shaft type windmill of claim 1, wherein said arcuate hook shaped vane blade assembly has two vane surface crossing with each other to configurate in hook space so as to accept the tail wind power and refract the incident wind to rotate, and further turn the head wind into the tail wind thereby producing an effective wind power to drive said wind vane wheel, said adjacent two arcuate hook shaped vane blades retain an appropriate clearance there between to let through the wind. 4. The vertical shaft type windmill of claim 1, wherein said arcuate hook shaped vane blade assembly is composed of an upper and a lower templates and said arcuate hook shaped vane blades are disposed in the manner that above ten sets of vane blade assembly each of them is bolted to interior of said rotary stand with an equal angle separation on a vane blade mounting base. 5. The vertical shaft type windmill of claim 1, wherein said wind vane assembly is formed of more than one layer of said wind van wheels stacked on said rotary stand such that it is able to expand installation by increasing the layers of said wind vane wheel. 6. The vertical shaft type windmill of claim 1, wherein said rotary stand is provided with more than 4 track wheels annularly disposed with an equal angle separation around the bottom rim thereof to allow said track wheels rolling along said annular track of said tower, said track wheels entrain the total weight of said rotary stand and said wind vane wheels, it is allowed to install like track wheels on the upper part of said rotary stand to enhance stability of said rotary stand and prevent said rotary stand from becoming ramshackle due to strong wind. 7. The vertical shaft type windmill of claim 1, wherein said large speed increaser utilizes the outer diameter of said rotary stand as a major gear to drive a small follower gear coupled to said generator so as to achieve high multiplication of rotating speed, the larger the rotary stand, the higher the speed increases, the above spur gear system can be replace by a bevel gear driving a looped chain and sprocket unit. 8. The vertical shaft type windmill of claim 1, wherein said tower is composed of several post pairs disposed annularly to form a circular loop, one post pair contains two posts, and a cross beam is transversely interposed between adjacent post pairs, the outer diameter of said windmill can be enlarged by increasing said post pairs, the size of the whole windmill can be enlarged by increasing the diameter of said looped annular track and the step of transmission means. 9. The vertical shaft type windmill of claim 1, wherein when being applied to small size generating equipment below 10 kw, the structure of said arcuate hook shaped vane blade remains unchanged, but using a smaller tower and using a hollow square rotating shaft to connect said wind vane wheel assembly in cascade on said rotary stand, the small arcuate hook shaped vane blade, small size tower and small wind vane wheel can be assembled by the non-professional user using the retail materials with the implement tools. 10. The vertical shaft type windmill of claim 1, wherein the power generated by said windmill generator can be supplied to roadway lighting of capacity below 1 kw, by keeping the structure of said arcuate hook shaped vane blade assembly unchanged, only changing the structure of said small tower into a steel pipe frame associated with a hollow rotating shaft for application to roadway lighting, the windmill for a solar energy water heater, and equipping colored LED lamps around the rim of said wind vane assembly for beautification of the night scene. 