This invention deals with novel method and apparatus for positioning and motion control of the optical elements (mirrors and lenses) of a Fresnel solar concentrator tracking array which approximately eliminates gravitational torque by use of a central universal pivot or gimbals. Linkage torque is produced by induced and/or permanent dipole coupling to an electronic grid to produce angular deflection, and rotational motion that is enhanced by the presence of highly polarizable material. This system is ideally suited for maximization of solar energy focused by the array onto a receiver. Since there are no mechanical linkages, the instant invention is applicable for fabrication from the mini- to the nano-technology realm. The elimination of gravitational torque by balancing the optical elements on a universal pivot or gimbals greatly reduces the power required for the optical elements to track the sun and focus sunlight onto a receiver.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A solar concentrator system comprising a) an array of adjustable optical elements; b) said optical elements each mounted above its respective pivot; c) said pivot mounted directly below the center of mass of each optical element; d) said mounting of pivot increasing mechanical stability of orientation of each of said optical elements; e) polarizable dielectric material bonded to the posterior side of said optical elements; f) said optical elements coupled to an electronic control grid; g) said control grid activated by a digital processor; h) dipole linkage with the control grid to rotate said optical elements; and i) said optical elements track and focus sunlight. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said polarizable material is chosen from the group Electroactive Polymers, Conjugated Polymers, Silicon, Titatium Dioxide, Strontium Titanate, and Barium Titanate. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said pivot is a universal pivot. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said pivot is at least one gimbal. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said highly polarizable material is chosen from the liquid group Methanol, Furfural, Glycerol, Water, and Formamide. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said highly polarizable material is chosen from the group Silicon Dioxide, Paper, Concrete, Rubber, and Diamond. 7. A method of concentrating light comprising the steps of a) placing optical elements in the form of a moveable Fresnel concentrator array; b) mounting said optical elements above at least one universal pivot; c) said universal pivot attached directly below the center of mass of each optical element; d) bonding polarizable dielectric material to the posterior side of said optical elements; e) dipole coupling said optical elements to an electronic control grid; f) activating said control grid by a processor; g) linking said dipoles to said grid; and h) tracking and focusing said light with said optical elements. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein said highly polarizable material is chosen from the group (La,Nb):(Zr,Ti)PbO.sub.3. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein said highly polarizable material is chosen from the group Polymer Composites. 10. The method of claim 7, wherein said optical elements are chosen from the group mirrors and lenses. 11. The method of claim 7, wherein said optical elements are attached to a polarizable material of dielectric constant greater than 4. 12. The method of claim 7, wherein said optical elements are covered by a transparent sheet. 