A planar concentrator solar power module has a planar base, an aligned array of linear photovoltaic cell circuits on the base and an array of linear Fresnel lenses or linear mirrors for directing focused solar radiation on the aligned array of linear photovoltaic cell circuits. The cell circuits are mounted on a back panel which may be a metal back plate. The cell circuit area is less than a total area of the module. Each linear lens or linear mirror has a length greater than a length of the adjacent cell circuit. The cell circuit may have cells mounted in shingle fashion to form a shingled-cell circuit. In an alternative module, linear extrusions on the circuit element have faces for mounting the linear mirrors for deflecting sun rays impinging on each mirror onto the shingled-cells. The linear extrusions are side-wall and inner extrusions with triangular cross-sections. The circuit backplate is encapsulated by lamination for weather protection. The planar module is generally rectangular with alternating rows of linear cell circuits and linear lenses or linear mirrors.
Claims We claim: 1. A planar concentrator solar power module apparatus comprising a planar base, base formed by a planar metal back sheet and an electrical insulating film on the metal back sheet, plural parallel linearly spaced aligned arrays of linear photovoltaic cell circuits on the base, the cell circuits further comprising plastic sheets and silicon cells sandwiched between the plastic sheets, the arrays being spaced apart on the base more than a width of an array, a metal frame surrounding the module and extending upward away from the planar base, a glass front plate mounted on the metal frame and spaced from the silicon cells, and an array of linear planar Fresnel lenses on the glass front plate spaced above the base for directing focused solar radiation on the aligned arrays of linear photovoltaic cell circuits, and wherein the metal back sheet spreads and conducts heat laterally away from the silicon cells sandwiched between the plastic sheets on the base. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the frame is an aluminum frame. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein an area of the cell circuits is less than a total area of the module. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the area of the cell circuits is one half the total area of the module. 5. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the area of the cell circuits is one third the total area of the module. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the array of linear Fresnel lenses is mounted on a bottom of the glass front plate forming a front side of the module. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein the array of Fresnel lenses comprises plural lenses, each lens having an adequate size and spaced alignment from the cell circuits for sufficiently concentrating energy from sun rays into an adjacent cell circuit. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, further comprising a power circuit assembly connected to the cell circuits. 9. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein each linear lens has a length greater than a length of the adjacent cell circuit. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein a focal line of each lens is aligned in a north/south direction. 11. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the power circuit assembly is a linear power circuit assembly. 12. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein each aligned array of the cell circuits is a shingle-circuit array. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the shingle-circuit array comprises the metal back sheet with embossed terraces, and wherein the cells are mounted in the terraces in a shingle-fashion wherein a back edge of one cell overlaps a front edge of a previous cell. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the shingle-circuit array further comprises metal deposits on a backside, a grid pattern on a front side and a bus bar connected to an edge of a top of the cell circuits. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein the bus bar is electrically connected to a back metal of an adjacent cell forming a front to back series connection between the cells and thereby forming shingle circuits. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, further comprising circuit terminal pads at an end of each circuit. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, further comprising insulated metal elements connecting the circuits to plus and minus panel terminals of a power circuit. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, further comprising an insulating film on the metal back sheet enabling good thermal non-electrical contact between the circuit and the metal back plate. 19. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein a coefficient of thermal expansion of the metal back sheet is matched with a coefficient of thermal expansion of the cells for matches and uniform expansion of the cells and the metal back sheet in response to changes in temperature. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the cells are silicon cells and the metal back sheet is of an alloy material. 21. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein the alloy material is alloy 42 comprising Fe 58% and Ni 42%. 22. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the front to back series connection comprises ribbon leads running from a back side of one cell to a front side of an adjacent next cell and loops in the ribbon leads for allowing differences in coefficient of thermal expansion between the cells and the metal back sheet. 23. A planar concentrator photovoltaic module comprising plural laterally spaced linear arrays of photovoltaic circuits, a planar array of linear planar Fresnel lenses on a glass plate spaced from, disposed in front of and focally aligned with the plural laterally spaced linear arrays of photovoltaic circuits, and a planar metal sheet forming a base for mounting the plural laterally spaced linear arrays of photovoltaic circuits for allowing heat spreading laterally between the arrays of photovoltaic circuits on the sheet metal and thereby uniformly heating of the metal sheet for heat removal. 24. The module of claim 23, wherein the lenses are longer than the circuits such that an acceptance angle for sunlight in a length dimension is greater than or equal to 20 degrees for allowing polar axis tracking without seasonal adjustments. 25. The module of claim 24, wherein lenses have widths about three times larger than a width of the cell circuits, wherein an image from the lens underfills cells in the cell circuits with dark bands on either side of the image allowing for the acceptance angle for sunlight in a width dimension to be greater than or equal to about 5 degrees. 26. The module of claim 25, wherein the metal sheet has a coefficient of thermal expansion compatible with a coefficient of thermal expansion of cells in the cell circuits. 27. The module of claim 26, wherein the metal sheet has embossed terraces for mounting the cells in a linear shingle circuit. 28. The module of claim 23, wherein the metal sheet is a metal plate and the metal plate covered by a thin heat transmitting electrical insulation film between the linear arrays of photovoltaic circuits and the metal plate. 29. The module of claim 28, further comprising an aluminum frame having a bottom connected around edges of the metal plate and a top connected to the glass plate, and wherein the Fresnel lenses have smooth outer surfaces facing away from the base and angularly related inner surfaces facing the base and the linear photovoltaic circuits. 