In a fixer unit system and method to detect a fire in a fixer unit of an electrographic image generation device, at least one portion of a fixer region of the fixing unit is monitored with a photoelectric sensor arranged adjacent to a substrate material having a toner image to be fixed, at least one portion of radiation generated by at least one heat radiator of the fixer unit is not detected by the photoelectric sensor by not passing said at least one portion of the radiation generated by the at least one heat radiator through to the photoelectric sensor by use of an optical filter associated with the photoelectric sensor. An error signal is output when a fire in the fixer region is detected with the photoelectric sensor.
Claims We claim as our invention: 1. A fixer unit system for an electrographic image generation device, comprising: a fire detector to detect a fire in a fixer unit of the fixer unit system; at least one heat radiator in the fixer unit to fix a toner image to be fixed onto a substrate material; said fire detector comprising a photoelectric sensor arranged at or near the fixer unit adjacent the substrate material having the toner image to be fixed; the photoelectric sensor being arranged or designed such that it does not detect at least a portion of radiation generated by the at least one heat radiator wherein an optical filter is provided for the photoelectric sensor that does not let said at least a portion of the radiation generated by the at least one heat radiator to pass to the photoelectric sensor; the fixer unit having at least one heat radiator arranged opposite the front side or the back side of the substrate material, such that at least one toner image on the front side or the back side of the substrate material is fixed on the substrate material with aid of the radiant heat generated by the heat radiator upon directing the substrate material past the heat radiator; and an intervening space provided between the heat radiator and the substrate material, and wherein the at least one photoelectric sensor monitors at least one region of the intervening space. 2. A fixer unit system according to claim 1 wherein the photoelectric sensor comprises a photodiode, a phototransistor or a solar cell. 3. A fixer unit system according to claim 1 wherein the optical filter passes light in a visible spectral range to the photoelectric sensor. 4. A fixer system according to claim 1 wherein the filter does not pass a portion of the radiation generated by the heat radiator, wherein the filter does not pass radiation in the infrared or ultraviolet spectral range, and wherein the filter is integrated into the photoelectric sensor or is arranged as a separate optical component in front of the photoelectric sensor. 5. A fixer unit system for an electrographic image generation device, comprising: a fire detector to detect a fire in a fixer unit of the fixer unit system; at least one heat radiator in the fixer unit to fix a toner image to be fixed onto a substrate material; said fire detector comprising a photoelectric sensor arranged at or near the fixer unit adjacent the substrate material having the toner image to be fixed; the photoelectric sensor being arranged or designed such that it does not detect at least a portion of radiation generated by the at least one heat radiator wherein an optical filter is provided for the photoelectric sensor that does not let said at least a portion of the radiation generated by the at least one heat radiator to pass to the photoelectric sensor; and at least one partition arrangement that seals off a fixer region of the fixer unit depending on an error signal generated by the photoelectric sensor upon occurrence of a conflagration in the fixer unit or an error signal generated by an evaluation unit connected with the photoelectric sensor, such that no fire can leave the fixer region. 6. A fixer unit system according to claim 5 wherein at least one first partition arrangement is arranged before the fixer region and at least one second partition arrangement is arranged after the fixer region. 7. A fixer unit system according to claim 6 wherein at least one regulator element is provided to activate the partition arrangement. 8. A fixer unit system for an electrographic image generation device, comprising: a fire detector to detect a fire in a fixer unit of the fixer unit system; at least one heat radiator in the fixer unit to fix a toner image to be fixed onto a substrate material; said fire detector comprising a photoelectric sensor arranged at or near the fixer unit adjacent the substrate material having the toner image to be fixed; the photoelectric sensor being arranged or designed such that it does not detect at least a portion of radiation generated by the at least one heat radiator wherein an optical filter is provided for the photoelectric sensor that does not let said at least a portion of the radiation generated by the at least one heat radiator to pass to the photoelectric sensor; and a monitoring unit to monitor a function of the photoelectric sensor that has a light source and an evaluation unit, wherein the light source emits light via which the photoelectric sensor generates an error signal, wherein the evaluation circuit monitors an error signal caused by the light emitted by the light source. 9. A fixer unit system according to claim 8 wherein the evaluation unit determines a sensor error given absence or under-run of an error signal expected due to the emitted light, wherein the evaluation unit outputs a first error signal given an error signal produced by a conflagration and a second error signal given a sensor error. 10. A fixer unit system according to claim 9 wherein the light source is periodically activated. 11. A fixer unit system according to claim 8 wherein the evaluation unit generates the first error signal given non-transient over-run of a first limit value and the second error signal given an under-run of a second limit value given an activated light source. 12. A fixer unit system for an electrographic image generation device, comprising: a fire detector to detect a fire in a fixer unit of the fixer unit system; at least one heat radiator in the fixer unit to fix a toner image to be fixed onto a substrate material; said fire detector comprising a photoelectric sensor arranged in a transition shaft at an input of the fixer unit; and the photoelectric sensor being arranged or designed such that it does not detect at least a portion of radiation generated by the at least one heat radiator wherein an optical filter is provided for the photoelectric sensor that does not let said at least one portion of the radiation generated by the at least one heat radiator to pass to the photoelectric sensor. 