A timer system for monitoring the freshness of a beverage in a plurality of carafes, and a method of use are disclosed. The timer system comprises a plurality of matched pairs of timers and signaling members, with each timer being individually actuateable and each signaling member being drivingly controlled by its matched timer to issue a signal after the matched timer has operated for a preset period of time. A housing mountable on a beverage preparation device houses the timers. A plurality of tags are mounted to a plurality of carafes to create a plurality of matched carafes that correspond to the plurality of matched pairs of timers and signaling members. After the beverage in a matched carafe is prepared, the matched timer is activated. After the timer has operated for a preset period of time, the matched signaling member then issues a signal, permitting the monitoring of the freshness of the beverage in the matched carafe.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A timer system for monitoring the freshness of a beverage in a plurality of carafes, the timer system comprising: a. a plurality of matched pairs of timers and signaling members, each timer being individually actuateable and each signaling member being drivingly controlled by its matched timer to issue a signal after the matched timer has operated for a preset period of time; b. a housing mountable on a beverage preparation device and including the matched pairs of timers and signaling members; and, c. a plurality of tags mountable on a carafe, each tag once mounted on a carafe producing a matched carafe corresponding to a matched pair of timer and signaling member. 2. The timer system of claim 1 wherein the housing is removably mountable on the beverage preparation device. 3. The timer system of claim 1 further comprising a power source. 4. The timer system of claim 3 wherein the power source comprises a battery. 5. The timer system of claim 3 wherein the power source comprises a solar panel. 6. The timer system of claim 5 wherein the power source further comprises a rechargeable battery and the solar panel is operable to recharge the rechargeable battery. 7. The timer system of claim 1 wherein the signaling member comprises at least one LED. 8. The timer system of claim 1 wherein the signaling member issues an end of life signal after the matched timer has operated for a preset period of time indicative that the beverage in the matched carafe is not fresh. 9. The timer system of claim 8 wherein the signaling member issues a warning signal after the matched timer has operated for a period of time indicative that the beverage in the matched carafe will be fresh for only an additional preset period of time. 10. The timer system of claim 9 wherein the signaling member issues a signal indicative that the beverage in the matched carafe is fresh. 11. The timer system of claim 10 wherein the signaling member comprises at least one LED. 12. The timer system of claim 1 wherein each tag includes a further matched signaling member that is wirelessly actuateable by a matched timer. 13. The timer system of claim 1 wherein the beverage is a brewed beverage. 14. The timer system of claim 1 wherein the beverage is coffee. 15. The timer system of claim 1 wherein the timer system further comprises a monitoring system that records selected details of the actuations of the timer system. 16. The timer system of claim 15 wherein the monitoring system wirelessly monitors the actuations of the timer system. 17. A timer system for monitoring the freshness of a beverage in a plurality of carafes, the timer system comprising: a. a plurality of matched pairs of timers and signaling members, each timer being individually actuateable and each signaling member being drivingly controlled by its matched timer to issue a signal after the matched timer has operated for a preset period of time; b. a housing mountable on a beverage preparation device and including the timers; and, c. a plurality of tags mountable on a carafe, each tag once mounted on a carafe producing a matched carafe corresponding to a matched pair of timer and signaling member; wherein the signaling members are provided on the tags and each signaling member is wirelessly actuateable by its matched timer. 18. A timer system for monitoring the freshness of a beverage in a plurality of carafes, the timer system comprising: a. a plurality of matched pairs of timers and signaling members, each timer being individually actuateable and each signaling member being drivingly controlled by its matched timer to issue a signal after the matched timer has operated for a preset period of time; b. a housing mountable on a beverage preparation device and including the matched pairs of timers and signaling members; and, c. a plurality of tags mountable on a carafe, each tag once mounted on a carafe producing a matched carafe corresponding to a matched pair of timer and signaling member wherein each tag includes a further matched signaling member that is wirelessly actuateable by a matched timer. 