An apparatus and method of moving a mobile tower using solar power are disclosed for use with an irrigation system. The disclosed improvement includes a solar panel with a collecting surface to convert light energy to electrical energy, an electrical charge source in communication with the solar panel to receive electrical energy, and a motor to drive a ground-engaging wheel in communication with the electrical charge source. The improvement also includes a direction control system for regulating rotation of the solar panel and a tilt assembly for adjusting the angle of the solar panel to maintain the disposition of the collecting surface in alignment with the direction of incoming sunlight. The method of moving the mobile tower includes collecting light energy with a solar panel, converting the light energy into electrical energy, and driving a wheel of the mobile tower with a motor powered by the converted electrical energy.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In an irrigation system having a liquid conduit that spans mobile towers, each of the mobile towers including at least one ground-engaging wheel, the improvement comprising: a solar panel having a collecting surface, said solar panel operable to collect light energy from the sun and convert the light energy into electrical energy; an electrical charge source in electrical communication with the solar panel, said electrical charge source receiving the electrical energy from the solar panel; a motor in electrical communication with the electrical charge source, said motor receiving the electrical energy from the electrical charge source, said motor driving the ground-engaging wheel, said irrigation system comprising a center pivot system, wherein the liquid conduit extends radially outwardly from a central pivot; a rotation assembly, said solar panel being attached to the rotation assembly, said rotation assembly being rotatable about a vertical axis, such that the collecting surface of the solar panel can turn to face the sun as the irrigation system rotates about the pivot; and a direction control system, the relative angular position of said rotation assembly being controlled by the direction control system, said rotation assembly comprising a platform raised above the top of the liquid conduit by supporting members and a rotating element coupled to the platform for relative rotation therewith, said rotating element including an arcuate periphery, said direction control system comprising a fixed element with an arcuate periphery on the central pivot and an endless member wrapped around the periphery of the fixed element and also around the periphery of the rotating element of the rotation assembly, said endless member interconnecting the fixed element and the rotating element such that as the irrigation machine rotates about the central pivot, the endless member causes the rotation assembly to rotate relative to the mobile tower such that the facing direction of the collecting surface of the solar panel remains constant. 2. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 1; and a tilt assembly, said solar panel being attached to the tilt assembly, said tilt assembly being tiltable about a horizontal axis, such that the collecting surface of the solar panel can tilt to correspond to the position of the sun relative to the horizon. 3. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 2, said tilt assembly comprising a mounting base, an adjustable-length strut, and a hinge, said mounting base being the rotating element of the rotation assembly, said hinge connecting the mounting base and an edge of the solar panel such that as the length of the strut is elongated or shortened, the hinge causes the solar panel to tilt more vertically upright or more vertically flat, respectively, relative to the mounting base. 4. In an irrigation system having a liquid conduit that spans mobile towers, each of the mobile towers including at least one ground-engaging wheel, the improvement comprising: a solar panel having a collecting surface, said solar panel operable to collect light energy from the sun and convert the light energy into electrical energy; an electrical charge source in electrical communication with the solar panel, said electrical charge source receiving the electrical energy from the solar panel; a motor in electrical communication with the electrical charge source, said motor receiving the electrical energy from the electrical charge source, said motor driving the ground-engaging wheel; and a tilt assembly, said solar panel being attached to the tilt assembly, said tilt assembly being tiltable about a horizontal axis, such that the collecting surface of the solar panel can tilt to correspond to the position of the sun relative to the horizon, said tilt assembly comprising a mounting base, an adjustable-length strut, and a hinge, said mounting base being attached to the mobile tower, said hinge connecting the mounting base and an edge of the solar panel such that as the length of the strut is elongated or shortened, the hinge causes the solar panel to tilt more vertically upright or more vertically flat, respectively, relative to the mounting base. 5. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 4, said tower including a drive frame member at the lower end thereof, said drive frame member adjacent the ground-engaging wheel, said motor being attached to the drive frame member for rigid support thereon. 6. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 5, said tower including a drive frame member at the lower end thereof, said drive frame member adjacent the ground-engaging wheel, said electrical charge source being attached to the drive frame member for rigid support thereon. 7. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 4, said electrical charge source at least temporarily storing electrical energy from the solar panel. 8. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 7, said electrical charge source comprising a battery, said battery being charged by receiving the electrical energy from the solar panel. 9. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 4, said solar panel comprising an array of photovoltaic cells. 10. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 4, said irrigation system comprising a center pivot system, wherein the liquid conduit extends radially outwardly from a central pivot. 11. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 10; and a rotation assembly, said solar panel being attached to the rotation assembly, said rotation assembly being rotatable about a vertical axis, such that the collecting surface of the solar panel can turn to face the sun as the irrigation system rotates about the pivot. 12. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 11; and a direction control system, the relative angular position of said rotation assembly being controlled by the direction control system. 13. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 4; and an inverter in electrical communication with the electrical charge source and also with the motor, said electrical energy being transmitted from the electrical charge source to the inverter as direct current, said inverter changing the flow of the electric current from direct current to alternating current and transmitting the alternating current to the motor, said motor being powered by the alternating current. 14. A method of moving a mobile tower of an irrigation system, said method comprising the steps of: collecting light energy with a solar panel; converting the light energy into electrical energy; transmitting the electrical energy to a motor on a mobile tower; and driving the ground-engaging wheels of the mobile tower with the motor, said collecting step including the step of aligning the solar panel with the position of the sun to most directly expose the solar panel to the incoming sunlight, said aligning step including the step of rotating the solar panel about a vertical axis so that a collecting surface of the solar panel continuously corresponds with the direction of incoming sunlight as the irrigation system moves through a field, said rotating step including the step of controlling the relative position of the solar panel with a direction control system, said controlling step including the step of wrapping an endless member around an arcuate periphery of a fixed element on a central pivot of the irrigation system and also around a rotating element attached to the solar panel, such that as the irrigation machine rotates about the central pivot, the endless member causes the solar panel to rotate relative to the mobile tower to maintain the facing direction of a collecting surface of the solar panel aligned with the sun. 15. The tower moving method as claimed in claim 14, said aligning step including the step of tilting the solar panel about a horizontal axis so that the angle of the collecting surface of the solar panel relative to the horizon continuously corresponds with the direction of incoming sunlight relative to the horizon. 16. The tower moving method as claimed in claim 14, said transmitting step including the step of inverting the flow of electrical energy from direct current to alternating current and powering the motor with alternating current. 17. In an irrigation system having a liquid conduit that spans mobile towers, each of the mobile towers including at least one ground-engaging wheel, the improvement comprising: a solar panel having a collecting surface, said solar panel operable to collect light energy from the sun and convert the light energy into electrical energy; an electrical charge source in electrical communication with the solar panel, said electrical charge source receiving the electrical energy from the solar panel; and a motor in electrical communication with the electrical charge source, said motor receiving the electrical energy from the electrical charge source, said motor driving the ground-engaging wheel, said irrigation system comprising a center pivot system, wherein the liquid conduit extends radially outwardly from a central pivot; a rotation assembly, said solar panel being attached to the rotation assembly, said rotation assembly being rotatable about a vertical axis, such that the collecting surface of the solar panel can turn to face the sun as the irrigation system rotates about the pivot; and a direction control system, the relative angular position of said rotation assembly being controlled by the direction control system. 18. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 17; and a tilt assembly, said solar panel being attached to the tilt assembly, said tilt assembly being tiltable about a horizontal axis, such that the collecting surface of the solar panel can tilt to correspond to the position of the sun relative to the horizon. 19. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 18, said tilt assembly comprising a mounting base, an adjustable-length strut, and a hinge, said mounting base being the rotating element of the rotation assembly, said hinge connecting the mounting base and an edge of the solar panel such that as the length of the strut is elongated or shortened, the hinge causes the solar panel to tilt more vertically upright or more vertically flat, respectively, relative to the mounting base. 