A method for low voltage flow control, which includes creating an enclosure with a body and a movable door. The enclosure can include a bulkhead forming a top compartment and a bottom compartment, a back plane for supporting electronic equipment, and lifting eyes secured to the enclosure. The method can include disposing batteries in the bottom compartment. A wireless communication unit and a remote terminal unit can be installed on the back plane and can be connected to the batteries. An uninterruptable power supply, an A/C terminal low voltage distribution, and a DC-DC converter can be installed on the back plane. A flow controller can also be installed on the back plane and can be in communication with the A/C terminal, the remote terminal unit, and the wireless communication unit for monitoring and regulating flow control through the enclosure.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for low voltage flow control comprising: a. creating an enclosure with a body and a movable door, wherein the enclosure further comprises: i. a bulkhead disposed in the body forming a top compartment and a bottom compartment; ii. a back plane mounted to the bulkhead within the top compartment for supporting electronic equipment; and iii. at least two lifting eyes secured to the enclosure; b. disposing in the bottom compartment at least two batteries; c. installing on the back plane a wireless communication unit and connecting the wireless communication unit to the at least two batteries; d. installing a remote terminal unit on the back plane and connecting the remote terminal unit to the at least two batteries; e. installing at least one uninterruptable power supply on the back plane for providing from ten volts to thirty volts of DC power to the at least two batteries; f. installing an A/C terminal to the back plane for receiving and distributing a continuous flow of A/C current; g. installing a low voltage distribution block to the back plane and connecting the low voltage distribution block to the uninterruptable power supply; h. installing a DC-DC converter on the back plane and connecting the DC-DC converter to the low voltage distribution block; and i. using a door extension to house a remote terminal unit monitoring controller and a flow controller in communication with the A/C terminal and at least one piece of field equipment, wherein the flow controller is in communication with the remote terminal unit and the wireless communication unit to monitor and regulate flow control through the enclosure. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising sealing the electronic equipment in the top compartment. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising using up to eight batteries in the body. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising using a fastener to secure the movable door to the body. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising using a viewing port in communication with the A/C terminal and the uninterruptable power supply. 6. The method of claim 5, further comprising using a switch between the uninterruptable power supply and the A/C terminal. 7. The method of claim 1, further comprising using a solar array attached to the enclosure for receiving and distributing a continuous flow of electric current to the remote terminal unit and the flow controller. 8. The method of claim 7, further comprising using at least one voltmeter for tracking voltage produced by the solar array. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising using an indicator for illuminating when the solar array is charging, when the flow controller is disconnected, or combinations thereof. 10. The method of claim 1, further comprising using a surge protector mounted on the back plane for protecting the A/C terminal from power surges from an A/C power supply. 11. The method of claim 1, further comprising using an input/output termination assembly mounted to the back plane, wherein the input/output termination assembly provides connections for the at least one piece of field equipment to the remote terminal unit. 12. The method of claim 1, further comprising using an outlet plug disposed between the A/C terminal and the uninterruptable power supply. 